our experience at rancho valencia be absolutely perfect from begin to end we feel special and very happy during our stayed . i would come back in a heart beat
amazing place . everyone be extremely warm and welcoming . we ve stay at some top notch place and this be definitely in our top 2 . great for a romantic getaway or take the kid along as we do . have a couple stuff animal wait for our girl upon arrival . can t wait to go back .
we book a 3 night stay at rancho valencia to play some tennis since it be one of the highest rate tennis resort in america . this place be really over the top from a luxury standpoint and overall experience . the villa be really perfect the staff be great attention to detail include fresh squeeze orange juice each morning restaurant bar and room service amazing and the tennis program be really impressive as well . we will want to come back here again .
currently in bed write this for the past hr 1 2 there have be dog bark and squeal call the front desk to advise basically to be tell there s nothing they can do . 315.00 and i can t sleep .
i live in md and the aloft be my home away from home ... we stay 1 night 7 7 16 ... staff be great especially olivia who be extra special because she remember me by my voice over the phone ... which tell me she be very alert and pay attention to the customer their needs.and she do thumb up ... more
i stay here with my family for my daughter wedding . it have a very accommodating staff olivia be excellent . the room be very well maintain . would highly recommend this hotel especially if your wedding venue be celebration at the bay
beautiful room and the nicest people work there . the front desk lady olivia be extremely patient and helpful . we have lot of question and she have just as many answer . the room be sleek and modern . the only thing that would make this hotel better would be free breakfast but i really be ask for a lot . a stay . thank ... more
we stay here while visit maryland live . cute hotel in a great location . clean with a very modern look upgrade bathroom and amenity and super nice staff . would definitely recommend and stay there again
i travel a lot with my job so i m constantly stay at hotel . when my co worker and i arrive late last night at the aloft the people at the front desk be more than welcome . when i want to order room service i be tell it be too late however olivia at the front desk inform me of a italian ... more
in my line of work i use meet space in hotel often . in my 15 year of do this work this be the first time i ve feel the undeniable pull to go out and write a hotel review base solely on my meeting room experience . though i do not use a guest room here my colleague who do share that ... more
the staff be very friendly and helpful . the room be large and nicely furnish . feel new as if we be the first to stay there . actually it be more opulent than i require . the free breakfast be good with sufficient choice include fresh fruit salad eggs bacon bagels and pastry and more . it be a great location for our purpose ... more
very friendly staff great free breakfast item each morning room and facility very clean staff superb we have a problem with the heating system in our room and they have someone fix it within minute would highly recommend this location hotel .
upon arrive i see modern yet elegant decor which be pleasing to the eye . the front staff be very friendly . the room be clean include detail i m talk no dust no hair in bathroom shower or bed which i tend to find in other hotel . kudo to housekeeping . sheet be crisp bed be comfortable especially since this be a newer hotel . breakfast in ... more
this be a nice hotel with great staff . i have young child and the entire staff from the front desk staff to the breakfast staff be there to help us . this be our first visit to the portland area and we plan to go back later this summer . we will stay at this hotel when we return .
beautiful property and every staff member i encounter front desk housekeeping breakfast host and gm provide beyond excellent customer service it s also conveniently locate near restaurant grocery store starbuck and be a short drive to the freeway . i will definitely be back
very comfortable room . our son come and they have a couch that they pull out into a queen size bed . free wifi and bottled water . this hotel be build back in the 20 s and the decor be fabulous . a very neat hotel .
stay here for second time recently . gorgeous lobby . friendly staff . good free shuttle service . our room this time be disappointing . king bed in too small space so that one side do not even have a lamp . also the heating cooling unit be right next to the bed and very noisy so we turn it off . luckily it be not need . room ... more
my husband and i always try to stay at the hotel phillip when we be in kansas city . it be our favorite hotel and we have stay at many . i feel at home there and the staff have always be exceptional although we be not particularly demand guest . over the year we have probably spend at least 20 night there .... more
everything be sell out in state college for garth s concert and the inn come up as available ... what an amazing find i will be make the drive now each visit just to stay there the inn be wonderfully decorate and i so enjoy browse all the book . breakfast be amazing each morning . thank you stephanie and team
i work here in perry about 6 day out of the week . the people here be very friendly and willing to make your stay better . the hotel be great for my simple need as i m away from home . the room and hallway smell very clean each time i enter and leave . i will continue my business here for sure .
the hotel be just one of many that be on this new trend of firmer pillow and mattress . this be the third hotel i have stay in the last few month that have have firmer vs softer mattress in their room . aside from the bed the room be well appoint comfortable and really the bonus those super plushy and comfy robe in the closet . i miss a good hotel robe and this one have one another little thing i love be the spa water and coffee service in the lobby . high quality coffee and the new york times count me in the maid service be friendly attentive and i even get a little note . would totally stay again .
hotel zelos be a great place to stay in san francisco . the staff be definitely the highlight of the hotel . the hotel itself be great clean well decorate etc but the people who work there be very helpful and friendly . the location be great be right next to the powell bart station but the neighborhood be under construction . this obviously isn t the fault of the hotel and win t impact your stay . we couldn t hear any of the construction but it make it a little more difficult to get around . overall i definitely recommend hotel zelos
pro the location be awesome the room size be great the bathroom be nice also with a nice tub . bad the style and furniture start to get really old no breakfast despite the high price the price be high nothing exeptionnal ... we be 4 people and so 4 reservation . unfortunately one be miss . it be 1 a.m. so very bad surprise .... more
after get the bait and switch i decide i d rather stay anywhere else . i m sure i be not miss much as it look like project style crack house apartment . the front desk old middle eastern lady be extremely rude and up charge me 50 when i get there i travel and stay in hotel 250 day year and trust me this ... more
we have no choice but to stay here when a tornado hit the area and most of vineland be without power . they charge us 190 for one night wouldn t accept my aaa card and after leave we find out we have be charge for 4 cat which we don t own and for another person . it be only my husband and ... more
excellent experience . will come again and book stay in the future
heat in room do not work properly tv remote be break excessive noise
even though we be have problem i.e. feather allergy flat tire key not work ... the front desk personell be always gracious and helpful .
it be a great stay
free breakfast attentive staff fantastic location
excellent experience . due to a mix up on my part with the online travel service it be set up as a king rather than two queen bed for two guy . i immediately call at the time and hampton say they would make a note that a room with two queen be need . when i get there they didn t have a 2 queen room so they put me up in another king room and my buddy stay in the original room at no additional expense and i move to a 2 queen room the next day . that be awesome customer orient service .
the room be really big and clean . the staff be great . the hotel offer free breakfast that be really good not the usual crappy free breakfast the only thing i didn t like about the room be that the air conditioner be regulate a motion sensor . we happen to be stay here on one of the hottest day of the year . the unit only stay on if the motion censor register a person be in the room . upon arrive the room be hot . it take about 20 min for it to cool off . also the ac cut off during the night when we fall asleep no movement . i wake up in a pool of sweat and have to get up a walk around periodically to keep the ac go . that really suck ..
i love my stay vip service all the way . i didn t want to leave . i can honestly say i will visit again . i give it 5 star
the only problem i have be their sensorize inncom thermostat for air conditioning unit to start up . if there be not movement inside the room it will not kick in ..... suck the trick be you have to keep move while sleep to keep the ac run lol ....
convenient and comfortable . staff be great breakfast and wifi be a bonus .
i be really disappointed with the tv service . very few channel and poor quality .
awesome overall
better with more extra like breakfast . preferred place to sleep for conference .
the hotel be locate near all the attraction on the harbor . we be provide more than we expect . there be parking right across the street restaurant within 5 minute walking distance and most of all hot and cold continental breakfast in the morning and hot coffee and tea available all day in the lobby . the room be very comfortable . i sleep just like i be at home . oh i can t forget the staff they be on their job with an attitude of excellence
repeat trip to this hotel for national conference attendance . provide a quality stay business center keep me in touch and great value for limited travel budget .
i can t comment on the breakfast because we sleep through it but everything else be excellent i do not know why anyone would pay twice the price to stay at the gaylord . 5 star all the way
our room be a bit small . there be no microwave in the room . location be more for couple than for family . the room itself and service be excellent .
this hotel be a peach . the staff be friendly the hot breakfast filling and the room be immaculate . this should be a poster child for how to run a hotel .
hampton inn never disappoint . always an affordable clean hotel with attentive and friendly staff . the breakfast be always a plus too . also the national harbor be a nice area full of shop and dining choice and seem to be a family friendly hangout destination for local .
the hotel offer comfortable somewhat elegant room but i suppose i be more impressed with the personnel and the warmth you get interact with them . but for my phone call bill which seem a bit high my stay overall be great .
we be there for 3 night and use it as a staging area for sightseeing in dc and baltimore . it s a nice new hotel with reasonable rate . the staff be great with our kid who have a blast at the pool and the 24 7 snack bar . the continental breakfast be great but they should consider expand their hour or at least allow guest to finish the food that be out at 10 because every morning the food be take away promptly at 10 00 even though the area be pack with guest still try to get breakfast . parking be 13 day and right across the street which be quite reasonable for the dc area .
we host our annual client event at the grand del mar and it be excellent the service property room restaurant and golf absolutely magnificent . our conference manager be a gem great service thank you for make an important event run so smoothly .
we enjoy every minute of our stay in this breathtake luxurious resort . the hotel be well keep and boast care and attend staff that do their best to make your stay memorable . the hotel offer great room amenity and activity for all age . i fall and fracture my hand on the last day of our stay off property and the ... more
we arrive here very tired after 24 hour of travel and airport and from the moment we arrive we feel like royalty . we dine a amaya multiple time please see separate review . the room be stunning and more than we could ever expect nothing be to little for the staff and they all seem genuinely friendly even down to the ... more
stay here for thanksgiving and have the best experience . before we arrive they ask my three year old little boy s name and when we arrive they have the most adorable kid travel pillow and personalized cookie wait for him . they have child s game on the lawn right outside our bottom floor room 105 and he have his face paint for ... more
this exquisite property locate in the penasquito canyon of north county be a spectacular retreat . in a setting resemble a mediterranean villa the hotel be truly grand with spacious room several dining option and cozy sitting area to relax and soak up the well appoint space and beautifully manicure ground . the resort amenity include golf tennis heated pool and a ... more
five of the last six year our company have host our annual meeting at the grand del mar and we regret not have it six out of six year . the gdm may be the top place to stay in the us thus my recommendation be in the title of the review . the gdm be not inexpensive but it be worth ... more
this resort be gorgeous check in be perfect our room be not ready we be there early so they take my phone number while we have drink by the pool and in 20 min or so our room be ready the next day we have spa appt and the receptionist hear it be our honeymoon trip so after our massage we ... more
the resort and staff be wonderful . the hotel be very nice and the group be beautiful . the location be seclude so you need a rental car or to book the house car in advance . the concierge staff have not be to most of the spot so use trip advisor to help find the right place .
expensive yes . service above the norm nickel and dime you on the small stuff nope one of my pet peeve if you be go to stay at a hotel of this caliber this property give you 5 star service . forgot your work out clothe let the staff know your size . need some feminine product be there in 5 minute . the ... more
if you don t mind stay out of town the fairmont grand del mar be a top quality choice for san diego locate about 25 minute north of the airport . it be a large traditional colonial property with a beautiful golf course on the west side of the ground ample parking equestrian facility and a good spa which have the best ... more
this property be absolutely pristine . the ground be perfectly maintain the room be luxurious with exquisite detail and the hotel in general be just a site to see . the location be great if you want to be away from the city and in a quiet area with gorgeous view of the hill but close enough to to drive to del ... more
i love the grand del mar in del mar california . this may have be my 6th time there . it be the only hotel in the area that i will stay at . it be truly a 5 star property . the staff be professional and very attentive . the room be very spacious with marble bathroom and separate shower and soak tub . the ... more
we have a wonderful stay at the fairmont this be an excellent hotel with great attention to detail include hotel ground architecture amenity and staff . service be first class and natural you be make to feel very welcome . great look golf course and plenty of other activity to enjoy such as walk the pool tennis . or just relax in the ... more
to date this take the prize . it do not overwhelm me but i be over the four day i stay consistently well serve and impress at the degree of detail that be maintain in every aspect of the experience . in the same way that the hotel service be a consistently deliver high degree of service without be over the top ... more
give robert a raise we be try to catch a flight from o hare to atl early in the morning and my girlfriend forget her phone in the room . luckily we call and he manage to get the phone as we make our way back on the provide shuttle bus . orlando the shuttle driver be quick to pull us into our ... more
average hotel for decent price . it be balance . housekeeping do leave our door only ajar after clean one day . arrrggghhhh nothing be miss .
the room key do not work i to go to lobby 4 time no parking under heavy construction noise the staff very incompetent i will not come back to this hotel
we have the best time ever r r what a ball we have at clarion resort waterpark r r the place be large enough to have plenty of ride but small enough to walk comfortably . r r the entire facility be new and all the room be well
awesome hotel . virgin really take the time to figure out all thing at be frustrating about stay in a hotel and fix them kudo the hotel will become a regular haunt in the future . from free wifi free cocktail a mini bar you re not terrified to touch not to mention the no check out time they really be way ahead of the rest . oh by the way do i mention the really cool room ... awesome highly recommend the hotel . from young teen to my parent in their 70 s the hotel meet our every need .
good a fun place to stay with great staff and lot go on in and around the hotel .
bad the hotel be next to train track so there be some noise from that pretty often but it s really not so bad and you kind of have to expect some noise when you re stay at a hotel that s literally in the middle of the city . good very tech friendly as the hotel have its own smartphone app which allow you to order room service and control the thermostat among other thing . the staff be very friendly and accommodate . the room be design very well . also the price of the mini bar item be actually reasonable .
bad love everything about virgin hotel . good first and foremost the staff just wonderful . friendly and very patient with all the enquiry we make and we be there for the historic parade to celebrate the chicago cubs world series win and the icing on the cake be another historic win ireland beat the all black after 111 year
bad a little sticker shock with 65 night valet parking but i hadn t do my research for cheaper option so not a big deal . good super hip and definitely a young techy vibe but everyone be friendly and helpful . room be as describe and very spacious for the location and price . even though it be right at the corner of the l track sound wasn t a problem . exactly what be need
bad everything be great . good superior experience . love everything about this hotel . very comfortable well think out and fun arrangement of the room great shower and product good restaurant wonderful roof bar . look forward to the next visit
good the suite be very well apointe plenty of room for an inroom breakfast the bed and bedding be very nice . the staff could not be nicer we have a great night on the rooftop deck .... we never leave the propertysmall plate a dj and wonderful view . ill be back
bad the view . good everything
bed be very comfortable room amenity perfect . enjoy the lobby level coffee shop roof top bar and happy hour on the 2nd level every evening . a great bonus
good beautiful room and amenity l occitane product . the restaurant finch great food and amazing bar . love the boxer
great location . extremely comfortable bed and pillow . wonderful friendly staff .
good the room be very comfortable great for a couple . we have a wonderful time it be very conveniently locate to the td garden which be where we be attend a concert . it be also very close to the north end and faneuil hall which be a great area to visit for food option that be very plentiful .
good the whole 5 day experience at the hotel be superb the room staff and location be all perfect thank you the boxer second time stay with you and all requirement be meet .
the location
bad parking a little expensive .. good close to td garden
bad nothing . good the hotel be simply excellent . the coolest hotel i have ever stay
good very quaint hotel good location great staff ... amazing time
bad this be really not a reflection on the hotel but the valet parking do take a long time to retrieve your car . they tell you to allow 30 minute and you really need to do that . good friendly staff . clean room .
good perfection beautiful room comfortable bed great style . centrally locate for all the fun thing in downtown boston .
good the hotel environment the staff go above and beyond to make our first trip to boston better than we expect . recommendation they make help with direction very friendly do not feel like a hotel feel like stay with friend . comfortable bed cozy room great food .
good a marvelous location very friendly crew it s clear hotel where you feel you be in boston
the bed be very comfortable
good great location . extremely comfortable bed and pillow . wonderful friendly staff .
love this place if you be look for a chain hotel this be not for you . if you be look for different unique friendly fun ... then this be it . we choose the little room with queen bed no windows .. and it be great . best bed i ve sleep in while travel in a long long time . although there be internal hotel noise every once and a while .. it be by no mean disturbing or loud . location be awesome we mainly hang out on decatour street jackson square french market .. but even bourbon street be a short walk . hotel staff be very knowledgeable about place to eat and thing to do . we didn t drive here so no idea about parking or valet . staff be extremely friendly . it s just a super little gem in a crazy town .
great hotel . so much more character than stay in one of the big chain hotel . the building be a transform warehouse so wall be old brick floor be resurface wood etc . very cool . super helpful staff . great coffee shop restaurant downstairs . definitely will return .
nice hotel with a great restaurant only thing that would have be nice to have it a bathtub rather than just a shower .
pro great customer service comfortable bed clean room fantastic room style decor and safe area . con no pool no meal available just a few pastry type item at the bar lobby
the young hip hotel guest probaby cringe when they see me schlep my 4 6 and 8 year old through the front door and i immediately realize our family be not the hotel s target demographic but we love this place . as a former new orleans resident this be as local as you can get . compar lapin be unbelievable and my child could not get enough of their homemade pasta and gnocchi and probably would have go home with our server clare that be how much they like her . the head cocktail crafter abby be super friendly and insanely adorable and her staff be extremely talented and helpful . the room be so comfortable my child sleep almost two hour past their norm which be probably appreciate by the majority of guest who have be tear up their liver the night before . we do not use maid service so my only suggestion would be a little more counter space in the bath and more towel . other than that it be perfect .
bad lose money lol . good i like the attitude and service from the staff ... i enjoy the atmosphere and the food
good best gambling in vegas and best comp brewery be great room very clean staff be wonderful . i only stay at main street .
bad i still really hate the cigarette smoke in the casino . but other then that and all the crazy on the fremont experience at night its fun and awesome . good location be perfect for our leisure trip . free valet parking be always amazing of course we tip every time we pick up and drop off our car the amount of thing to do on the fremont experience be endless what an awesome experience . truly the 9th island for hawaiians like us we love it
bad not much . good for several year a group of us have meet for the sema show . we have always come over a day early and meet for fun and dinner at your 777 microbrewery . this time we be book at main street station as well.we will be back particularly since you didn t charge resort fee .
bad nothing . good buffet be excellant room be clean great view of mountain and see firework in distance .
bad very satisfied .
bad i lose roulette . good buffet bb
bad the elevator to the parkade require some maintenance at least a wet mop to kill whatever be lurk on the floor . good this resort hotel be amazing the location in perfect the room be huge and absolutely spotless
bad the pool be not at the hotel have to go to another hotel to swim and that be not state when your book your room . just make it clear that there be not a pool at the hotel other than that love the hotel . good great place to stay
bad the bar be a little on the expensive side . drink be very small for the price . the bartender we have be very slow and not very friendly . we wait about 10 minute before we be serve . it wasn t busy either . good staff be very nice and helpful . the location of the hotel be very convenient .
bad i love everything . the parking the restaurant the room and the the several act that perform every night in the downtown area . good the people at the front desk be superb . they upgrade me to a real nice room .
bad the noise fm the live band when try to sleep .
bad better meal choice . pool and fitness center on property . good ease of conveniece to everything i need
bad that i have to leave great place . good everything very nice room food service
bad the bar tender in the casino be not at all friendly or attentive . good very nice restore hotel . excellent condition . great atmosphere . a very nice place to stay in downtown las vegas
bad only thing i would have change be the climate control . it do not go anywhere near as high as i would like for it to go . maybe it be just my room but definitely could have be cooler . good get more than what i expect from this hotel they let me choose what floor i want to be on which i ve never get from anywhere else . location be prime . fremont street be right outside their door the room be just like any other average hotel . it be very clean and comfortable . michael ovalles be very helpful in show us around . he also help us get our player card and a complimentary deck of card to enjoy our stay
bad good . good yes
bad it s not the hotel fault but the siren on the street wake me up . good the best bed i ve sleep in besides the one at home enjoy all the pillow even though the hotel be older the room be fine the bathroom be generous with a good shower .
bad no self parking .. have to reach down to flush toilet . good location
bad we like everything . good the bed be comfortable the room be clean
bad we hate the window be fake . good i like the location the most
bad that i couldn t stay longer because of work . good all the light and the view
bad have some trouble regulate the water temperature in the shower . good the use of space be excellent and the room and the bed very comfortable .
bad breakfast be miss protein . only bagel and donut . good location location location
good great location . friendly helpful staff . good breakfast nice to have a lounge to sit and read the newspaper provide . stored luggage until we be ready to leave . would stay again .
bad parking . good breakfast and the bar be real nice ........ bartender chris .. great guy
good location be fabulous . get there very early and be able to check in room be clean and modern . love this hotel
bad maybe it be just my room but the fridge be kind of hard to reach . good i love the room i be in . the hotel itself be gorgeous and the room be quite cozy . the location be perfect as well . i would definitely stay here again .
bad highly recommend . good modern style great location super helpful staff continental breakfast include great value clean
strange drainage smell when enter the reception area love the location and friendly staff
good great location breakfast
i like the breakfeast like swedish buffet
good i like the breakfeast like swedish buffet
good the wifi connection in my room be loose and disconnect during the inauguration weekend . but the nightclerk red haired irish lass try very hard to fix it for me . in the morning william 3 come in and try to fix it .
bad breakfast be normal . good i be very satisfied this hotel .
good we like everything about this hotel from the moment we arrive till we leave . we be greet by mia a very friendly and helpful receptionist . we be give a lovely room overlook the boston marathon finish line with view of the trinity church and boston public library . we find our room to be very clean with plenty of space and a very comfortable bed and a great sound system.on our first night we go to their wine and cheese taste event which we find to be great fun and a great way to mingle with the local . the staff play a great role in the success of this hotel under the brilliant management of the very hospitable jefferson who by the way make a great cocktail especially our favorite the bloody mary . we would have no hesitation in recommend this hotel as it be right beside public transport t and the airport shuttle drop you across the street . we also find we could walk to most of the tourist sight . the complimentary continental breakfast be a bonus . thank charlesmark for a great few day hope to visit you again in the near future
good bar have a good atmosphere room be really cute .
bad the pillow be flat . good it be a great location close to everything . the bathroom be newly remodel and beautiful the bed be average but i get good night s sleep .
good love the sound system in the room and the fact that they have coffee all the time
bad the tv be on in the lounge during breakfast tune to gma and kelly ripa terrible show too loud couldn t find a remote . it would be better on close caption with no sound or another channel or have the remote so that breakfaster can change it . thank . good atmosphere . location .
bad breakfast be not very large for the price of the hotel . good everything about this place be great
everything be perfect
nothing to complain about everything be fine and week with the price . it be very central in boston and close to the public transportation .
bad breakfast a bit simple but plenty of place to eat in the local area . also the safe in our room didn t seem to work but it wasn t a big deal . good excellent location with copley t metro station within a few minute walk and a range of restaurant and bar along boylston street . the back bay area also have a few great sight to see like the old trinity church and boston public library which be almost within spit distance of the hotel . if you re here during the boston marathon mid april the hotel be almost literally on the finishing line which could be very useful or very inconvenient depend on whether you re a runner or not
bad nothing . good it s economical boutique style my fave great quality in an a location for boston visitor .
good continental breakfast be great and length of time offer be excellent . 24 hour desk personnel be a special plus and very helpful at any hour . location be excellent nothing better for shopping restaurant public transportation sightseeing etc . close to everything you visit boston for and great staff plus affordable .
bad do not change a thing . good staff be very accommodate even those we share elevator ride with . location be central and easy to walk place . we enjoy our stay .
bad couldn t find fault with anything . good it may sound strange to say that i be ill in bed for most of my stay but still give the hotel top rating . however the room be extremely comfortable and clean . the staff be very helpful and pleasant and the location be great . we be in the annex which front onto ocean drive and there be a very good cafe bar below . i find out towards the end of the stay they also do room service . wish i have be well enough to take advantage of this great little hotel .
good the room be lovely and spacious bed very comfy . staff change our bed every day and fresh towel . we could not have be better look after by manager lewis . event organizer ricardo and john be great help for tour .
bad expensive of course wish the hotel restaurant be more reasonably price because we want to go but could not justify . good bed be great and the staff be so genuinely kind
this hotel be in the perfect location a half block from broadway times square in the theater district . the lobby be nothing special as be the streetfront of the hotel . our room be clean and very nice . we have a king deluxe . the bed be ok not bad but not exceptional . the toiletry in the bathroom be great i usually don t use them but i love them all . the continental breakfast offer a nice array of option and be well stock . the coffee be very good . the free wi fi be a nice bonus.we have a bit of a problem check in . we arrive at about 11 30am . i have be tell the day before that it be possible that our room could be ready by 10 30 am although check in be officially at 4 p.m. . our room be not ready so we leave our bag with a promise that we d be texte as soon as our room be ready . we check back at about 3 p.m. even tho we have not be texte . still not ready they d text . we come back about seven still no text and be finally able to check in . as we check in i hear someone ask about a wine and cheese hour . we have miss it i remark to my husband that i would have love a glass of wine after such a hectic day . the male who check us in hear me and ask what kind of wine we like and say that he would send some up on the house within minute two bottle of wine on ice and 2 glass arrive . to be able to relax in our room with a glass of wine really make up for our late check in the whole staff be very nice and i would definitely stay there again .
we have just return from 10 day at the aqua ocean tower resort in waikiki beach hi . while this hotel would not be your choice if you be look for luxury it be extremely clean and the staff be so friendly and helpful that we consider them friend upon our departure . there be 3 of us we stay in a room with 2 double bed and have more than enough room for our stay . the location of this hotel be key it be only 1 block from the beach as well as most trolley and bus stop . it be within walk distance of the honolulu zoo aquarium and many of the shopping plaza and restaurant . we never even have the need to rent a car they be currently in the process of renovate their room . even when you be in the room during the day you do not hear the renovation be do on the other floor . renovation on all floor be to be do in june 2007 . we have the opportunity to take a look at a couple of the finished room . the new room be absolutely beautiful you feel more like you be in your bedroom at home than in a hotel . while this be certainly not the most lavish hotel that i have ever stay in it be quite possibly among the best hotel experience that i have ever have . i will definitely recommend this hotel to my friend and family for any trip that they plan to oahu .
when you read the information about lenore believe it . she be the bright and shine asset to this hotel . the staff be very personable and helpful . the room definitely need some upgrading . the location however be wonderful .
this well keep secret have excellent and friendly service with reasonably price room . the absence of a restaurant and bar in the hotel be barely notice as numerous restaurant and bar be only step from your room . i would put this hotel up against any on the beach with service and cleanliness . the hotel be update all the room which be slightly date to reflect an asian influence . this include projection tv and steam shower . i can t wait
our stay at the ocean tower hotel be amazing i read one review that didn t understand why this hotel have such good rating . well he must be use to spend 200 per night for a hotel room or never travel to hawaii . hotel with this location be often 300 per night . the reviewer mention it be in need of a remodel . well unfortunately for those of us use to watch how we spend our money they be remodel the hotel and the room look awesome they look nicer than the arizona biltmore and phoenician resort in scottsdale arizona if you have be there . i have only work there and get the view the room as i could not afford to spend 400 per night . so when the rate be higher and in line with the majority of the other hotel that reviewer should be happy because the new room be truly gorgeous . people pay for gorgeous . they be the most modern beautiful hotel room i have ever seen.we actually feel lucky to get to stay there before the major remodel . the location be so close to the beach and downtown activity . we could walk to all kind of wonderful thing to do and see . diamond head be our view out our bathroom window . i would recommend spend the extra 15 or so per night for the ocean view . so it wasn t fancy but it be fun and help us be able to save quite a bit of money . the bed be comfortable the ocean breeze be to die for and we couldn t have ask for more in that price range . i also have to recommend a corner room if you get lucky to have a cross breeze of ocean air.however what make it the most wonderful stay be the staff . we be treat like family from the moment we arrive . we never feel so cared for in a hotel . the friendly caring and attentive staff make it a 5 star hotel in our eye . we can not wait to go back and see all the friend we make there . if on a budget get in on the older room before they be remodel . if you have the extra money get an amazing remodel room you win t be dissappointe .
the familial ohana spirit of hawaii be exude by the staff of ocean tower hotel in waikiki . my fiance and i have make 3 trip in total to honolulu and this by far be the best experience with a hotel there because of the very warm welcome and service provide by the staff at the ocean tower hotel.leonor in particular and as mention by numerous review here make us feel more at home than at home.also as mention by previous reviewer the hotel be undergo renovation to update and modernize their room . the renovation be not feel or notice by us ... there be no noise and construction people notice during our stay 05 19 05 26 . we get a personal glimpse of some of the complete new room and what we see indicate 5 star quality .. tile floor asian influence decor new furnishing state of the art tv and projector light top of the line bathroom fixture . once available by end of the year we be tell i be selfishly hope the rate would not be too different as i would love to come back to stay in those new room everyday after an exhaustive tour or beach excursion during our stay we be extremely impressed by the clean bed clean bathroom and air condition room we return to . not once do we have a single complaint about the room or hotel facility . we do at one point need the use of a microwave to heat some food and the hotel staff be happy to allow us the use of theirs .
everything positive you ve read about this hotel in the trip advisor review be spot on . i originally consider the ocean tower precisely because tripadvisor have it rate so highly and my wife be adamant that we should stay in waikiki . normally get around waikiki be painful in a car because of the traffic but since this hotel sit at the end of the strip it be really easy to get to from the h1 by take the king street exit . anyway the hotel be smaller than many i ve stay in but that and the incredible customer service give it a very intimate feel . the room be good sized and be seemingly soundproof which i really appreciate . the hotel be literally a block from the beach . the parking lot be small but they immediately give us the option to park around the corner at the large garage of a different hotel and that end up be a less expensive option as well.the staff be wonderful in particular leonore and terry . they really take great care of us and i have to say it s nice when the manager call you by name everytime they see you . it be my birthday while we be there and even though they send some treat up to the room each day on my birthday they send champagne and glasses.we also get to tour the room that be be renovate and i can t wait to go back once that be complete in the november timeframe . the new room have an ultra modern san francisco asian theme to them and have all the amenity one could ask for especially if you be a technogeek like me.overall i be incredibly impressed with the hotel and will stay here anytime i have business or vacation in honolulu .
we just return from a 6 night stay at the ocean tower and we love it . great location less than a block from the beach . we know it be an older hotel with room that needeed some update but the room be fine . very clean and with comfortable bed . our room 906 have a terrific view of the ocean and it have a balcony with a view of diamond head . it be probably the best room in the hotel . the hotel staff be great very very nice and helpful . the free breakfast be coffee juice and sweet roll . the coffee be available start at 6 am and the rest be available 7 30 9 30 . breakfast be adequate . again the staff be always there to help . we be give some juice at noon as we check out.this hotel be a great value . it may not be a 4 or 5 star hotel but it be more than acceptable and a real bargain for the money . the managment have big plan to upgrade the room . we be show two room which have just be remodel and they be awesome an oriental type design with plenty of high end amenity . look for the remodeling to take 12 18 month to complete . they plan to remodel 2 floor at a time . when the remodel be do this will be an excellent hotel . as a smaller hotel with only 9 floor it offer a more intimate atmosphere and there be no long wait for the elevators.we highly recommend this hotel
my husband and i just return from a five day trip to waikiki my first time there and we be thrill with our choice to stay at aqua ocean tower hotel . we would definitely stay there again as many other have already mention the staff be like none other i ve ever meet in a hotel . we feel like family in just a few short day . they even hug us good bye when we leave every single staff member that we encounter greet us with a big smile hello and answer many question that we have about dining direction tip souvenir idea sightseeing etc . they offer to special order us our favorite donut to be deliver first thing in the morning when their breakfast pastry be deliver . they set aside our favorite pastry for us while we go shop so they wouldn t all get eat up during the continental breakfast . we have a late flight out and they allow us to check out as late as possible during the day and then still extend us the option to come back later in the day if we get tired to stay in their complimentary room . they show us one of the complete newly renovate room which be just lovely . it have a modern asian look and feel to it . very beautiful i can not wait to come back and stay in one of the new room they say the renovation be suppose to be complete this summer but thing have be put on hold for now and they re not sure yet when all the renovation will be do . the wall be a little thin and one night our neighbor have his tv up way too loud all night . at about 3 be we finally call the front desk and they immediately take care of the problem . they go to our floor and discover that there be actually about four room near us that all have loud tv . they contact all room by phone except for one and the security guard take care of the other room . we sleep like baby the rest of the time leonor the manager make me a beautiful purple lei to take with me as a souvenir from our trip and stay there . if you re unsure about whether or not this would be a good place to stay i can assure you you will be glad you stay there . it s only one block from the beach . it s very clean and there be two great restuarant at the hotel next door the tiki grill and wolfgang puck express . we eat at both place twice they be that good and with very reasonable price too . tiki grill be a bit more expensive with a beautiful ocean view but we just order several appetizer . the coconut shrimp be awesome and they have very good salmon . we have the asian noodle salad at wolfgang puck which also have an ocean view but they also have great pizza and sandwich . for parking we keep our car at a garage about a block 1 2 away from the hotel for only 8 day instead of 15 day at the hotel . you win t disappoint if you stay here
we spend month search for the perfect place to stay for our 10th anniversary trip to oahu . after read several great review we choose ocean tower.after have make the reservation on expedia.com we call the hotel to see if we could reserve a king bed with a balcony . nothing could be for sure but the nice young man say he would put us down for one.we arrive in honolulu late after a long flight . check in for us be a breeze in just a minute we have our key card . we be well pleased with the room . we be able to get the king bed and balcony after all upon enter the room we be greate with a cool clean room . we couldn t have be more pleased with our room . the be even a desk area where we be able to set up our lap top and a safe no extra charge.leonor wong meet us the next morning with a smile and an offer of custard pie and fresh pineapple to share . she be very friendly as we chat she ask what we be in hawaii for . we answer with it be our 10 year anniversary . after some exploring on the island we come back to our room to find champagn chill in ice with glass and box of chocolate and a beautiful flowering plant we be thrill and touch at the effort this woman and her staff and boss go to for their customers.we do breakfast a few time downstairs in the hotel . it be a nice little set up with a toaster and bread peanut butter and jelly . there be also some really delicious muffin and some other type of pasterie . the coffee be wonderful there be hot tea and also pineapple juice . the lobby area be a great place to sit and sip your coffee and nibble on the yummy muffins.grace the front desk girl be very friendly and helpful . i be suprise that as many people they have in and out daily she remember my last name and we have not actually meet . she be helpful to print out drive direction for us several time and have clean beach towel for us each day when we head out.the location of the hotel be great.we have an ocean view room even though we didn t pay for one . that be nice.the beach be a 2 minute walk and the abc store right next to ocean tower . it be within walk distance of many great resturant and shops.over all our stay be a wonderful time for us . we have ton of fun all day long and then have a nice cool clean room to come back to and relax . when it come time for us to check out leonor present us with handmade leis she have make for us . we be very touched . then she hand us a little basket with more chocolate and macadamia nut she also send me away with fresh baked banana bread too we really feel special . this place be a people friendly place . they treat each guest as though they be the most special . i have never see this high quality customer service before in my life if you be look for a place to stay that be close to the beach this be it . this be the place to stay no matter what . i do know they be upgrade their room and we be able to see 2 of these finish room . wow.this hotel be probably go to go up to a 4 star rating.when we return to oahu oneday we will be stay with ocean tower . these be some special people and they be do it right
we stay here because it be 1 on tripadvisor and we be not disappointed at all it be such a great location with extremely friendly staff we stay an extra week the manager terry head of housekeeping leonor and our housekeeper tina be all very helpful with anything we need want they be around on a regular basis to interact w guest and offer a friendly hello . it be a smaller hotel w only 9 floor so we find it to be extremely quiet . it be locate just 1 2 block from the beach so walk back and forth all day long be no big deal . they offer free towel and beach mat at the front desk as well would highly recommend it to anyone look for a great value we can t wait to get back mm from ct
my wife and i have a very nice time in waikiki . we want to have a good time and not spend too much money . we book a standard room at the ocean tower hotel . renovation be go on now to upgrade all the room . our first room be clean and meet our need . but one night we have a small problem with a sprinkler in our room . to take care of the problem we be give a deluxe ocean view room for the same price . this make the vacation so much nicer get up in the morning and look at the ocean . i have leonor wong to thank for this and many other thing she do to make be stay so nice . when we go back to waikiki we will stay at the ocean tower hotel .
stay here for a week and have a fantastic experience . after read other great review decide that combine with price this sound like a great place to stay . be not disappointed . location be great less than 1 block to waikiki beach . only 1 block other direction to bus stop kuhio ave . be able to walk from hotel to any waikiki attraction in very short distance . i be glad i upgrade to the ocean view room because the view be great . leonor be a wonderful host provide us with bamboo mat raft and beach towel free of charge and box of candy on departure . this hotel will very shortly have a new name though as it be be remodel . the room now be old but clean . the new room that leonor show us be unbelievable with modern amenity . the first of the new room be set to open in a few wks . can t imagine what this will do to the price but with the location and helpful staff it just may be worth it.would recommend stay here to anyone look for a hotel low on price and great on hospitality
i be pleasantly surprise by my visit . after arrive in nyc i notice that i book the wrong four season . it be my intention to stay at the four season close to central park . however the service at the four season downtown location exceed my expectation . they be able to provide check in for an early arrival 11 00 be to a spacious clean beautiful room . the breakfast provide through room service be delicious you must try the truffle scramble egg . my dinner at the cut be outstanding . this be an exceptional addition to the financial area .
i have stay at the hotel several time over many year while it be the carlton . i be so very excited about this hotel for so many reason . while i know there have be some challenge with renovation i wish people would not get hung ... more
i be currently in house and feel in necessary to write a review immediately . this hotel be amazing and i would recommend it to any and everyone stay in nola . the entire staff be fantastic and friendly . even prior to arrival their service be seamless . i have to send a credit card authorization because my wallet be steal and it be handle by the staff in no time at all . i even mention that i be arrive super early in the morning and i arrive at 9 a.m. to find my room be already check in and wait for me which be so beyond my request . it be hip trendy fun lively and worth every dollar . the room while on a low floor be perfect . i have a problem with my television which i normally need to sleep and even though it be late and the staff could not immediately rectify the issue it be the way it be handle that truly make all the difference . i could not be more pleased . i will say one thing .. a word to the wise if you will . bourbon street will get you every time . i be somehow hungover by 6 p.m. . drink responsibly .
it be our first visit to nola and first stay at bienville house but it will not be our last from check in to check out we be treat courteously even at the restaurant bar where we have fun drink fun drink . our room be beautiful ... so nola and the marble bathroom and shower be perfect ... love bienville house
bad the mini bar be basic . i mean ... if that s the only thing i can think of ... then this place be amazing . good everything be perfect . friendly staff wonderful location and they even have a whole setup with lounge on the beach that i be unaware of that be just perfect too .
good from the room to the staff to the location ..... this hotel have it all ... and who do not like breakfast that be serve until noon .... i be a little worried at first because i could not believe the deal we get for a hotel in sobe .... but everything be just perfect ....
good courtesy friendliness of employee . perfect location .
bad only down side be the breakfast as hot choice be always overcook splitting hair as a coffee drinker would say coffee be awful . but you have perfectly good diner 2 block away so no big deal . good location room front terrace and great staff plus the hotel be super clean and well presented . will definitely be back . not forget beach towel provide and sun lounger on the beach .
good staff and service be very friendly and helpfull . hotel be nice location be nice .
bad little storage space in the room small bath . but i know that when we book the room from other review so it be as expect especially in boutique hotel . no complaint . good nicely decorate boutique hotel just a couple of block south of the crazy south beach scene . several upscale restaurant a short walk away down the quiet side of south beach . enjoy complimentary breakfast on the porch . comfortable bed with nice pillow .
good location be just excellent and the fact that they provide you include sunbe at the beach
bad the only thing i find not 100 great be the low water pressure in the shower . good i love everything about the hotel really . it s just 2 block off the beaten track in a very quiet ye central area of south beach . come during art basel so price be of course high but still reasonable
good room be lovely shower be great staff be friendly and very helpful . bed be comfortable and the room be really quiet
bad the small breakfast be offer at an additional cost . it have limit item for a vegetarian diet . good i be impressed with the complementary robe and slipper and not to mention the decor be as beautiful in person as it be online
good i really like the water in the lobby .
bad there be nothing i didn t like it be the best . good everything the staff be amazing and friendly very courteous always make sure you be ok and comfortable . they give suggestion on thing to do and place to go ... simply amaze the hotel smell amazing it s the first thing you notice walk in it s very clean and nice . you get beach towel a chair and umbrella . the beach be literally a block away and you re also locate a block from all of the action of south beach . the hotel be locate in a quieter area so it s great to wind down after a long day . this hotel be one of the highlight of our trip we will always stay here for our trip to miami i m so happy we choose this hotel
good amazing hotel.good location.very clean.friendly staff .
bad room be a little compact but that have little impact on our stay . good location be excellent and the price be very reasonable compare to other property . staff be all amazing .
good can t wait to stay here again
good it be a great location and have amazing decor .
bad there be nothing i do not like . good art deco location price and bed ....
bad car be freshly wash before we arrive to valet the car . 3 day later the car be fill with hard water mark from the sprinkler and now we need to get the car detail to remove the spot . a bit frustrating to not get the car back in the same condition ... good location great staff be pleasant buffet be good and the chef that make the omelet be amazing
good excellent location clean interior very good staff . easy check in out . free parking where the nearby hotel charge for parking even if you stay there .
good do not smell like smoke and no gambling
bad at breakfast the waiter give you a receipt state that although the breakfast be free include in the price of b b it be worth 49.98 ie they be after a tip . i feel this be unnecessary and make guest feel uncomfortable . the breakfast be self service the waiter just bring tea and coffee . good this hotel be lovely very clean good breakfast and friendly staff . good situation about 5 minute walk to the strip .
bad the phone receiver didn t work . and the room wouldn t get as cold as i like . good i love my stay at the westin .
good i love everything
good the bed be like sleep on a cloud the location be away from the congestion of the strip but easily accessible . the westin will be my first and only option when stay in vegas .
bad toothpaste . i wish more hotel come with toothpaste in the bathroom . i hate call to get some . it s a necessity . that s my only complaint but that s pretty much for every hotel i ve stay in . good the bed be beyond comfortable didn t want to get up at all
bad .. good five minute walk to the strip belligio . monorail station across the street at bally s. car hire agency in hotel .
good right off strip with all extra include in room price
good it be locate just off the strip and easy access to everything can t go wrong
good the staff be incredibly accommodate the pool be open 24 hour which be perfect for a late night dip after walk the strip the view be gorgeous and conveniently locate near the strip .
bad although this hotel be a pet friendly hotel guest be not allow to leave their pet in the room unattende . if i need to step out quickly i would have to make other arragement for my pet . i seek out hotel that be strictly pet friendly because i know that a little barking be not go to be an issue . good cleanliness of the hotel the polite and helpful staff .
good convenient and clean
bad away from the strip . good its a relax hotel ..
bad no free breakfast . good how clean and comfort it be
good great value . great location .
good great location just off the strip down from the flamingo easy walk distance to main attraction .
good only a block off the strip . luxurious feeling room . excellent value
good excellent breakfast
bad no bank atm s ... scandalous ... not fair . good i have always love the westin . this one didn t disappoint either . location be great staff be great and facility be excellent and clean the view want bad either .
good top of the line .. great
bad not a fan of cigarette smoke . but i guess you can t do anything about it in the gambling area . silly to charge a resort fee on top of the room charge . just charge what you need for the room . good very helpful and friendly staff from check in to the valet .
bad gym be close . only notification on website be the spa closure . good great accommodating staff
good westin have always the most comfortable bed
good i love the fact that staff be very understandable and after a very tough night shooting and evacuation of the whole strip let us stay complimentary till 4 p.m. . this be really exceptional service and hospitality . thank you
bad nothing to complain about . staff very helpful . good bed extra comfy
good we be very pleased with everything .
good the comfort in the bedroom be excellent good blanket soft pillow a bathroom really clean the staff be really nice .
bad the smell sometimes from sewer only when in hallway . good the hotel be great and staff be very friendly . we will definitely stay there again
bad the coffee at breakfast be too watery . good bed be super comfortable
bad overbooke could not get additional night . good nice accomodation .
bad nothing . good extremely friendly staff . they help you in every difficulty . you can depend on them .
bad it be perfect period . good what s there not to like the wonderful staff at the westin even guess we be get marry in vegas and to our total surprise when we get back to the hotel after our wedding ceremony we have a bottle of champagne and chocolate coated strawberry wait for us . the hotel s restaurant the savona bistro simply have the best angus burger in the world the location for those of us who prefer to skip the hustle and bustle of the strip perfect
good this hotel it s the most amazing i have ever stay everything of this hotel it s just awesome
bad no breakfast incl . good close to action but off the strip so quiet
bad we be not entirely satisfied with the buffet breakfast at the restaurant . the westin should maybe think about add a ommlett station and a waffle station . good room be great amenity be great location 1 block off the strip be great as you can escape from the hustle and bustle for a break to relax . have 24hr access to pool and hot tub be also great as relax and wind down in the hot tub at the end of your night or day be a real treat
bad room be a little tight . good comfortable bed adequate bathing supply
good customer service and overall quality of hotel be excellent
good nice room friendly staff
good bed be awesome
bad no microwave in room . good bed extremely comfortable professional staff extra clean . great place . also like the 24 hour starbuck .
good great location quiet room wonderful staff . be a real pleasure to stay there .
bad i have to be switch because these people next door be party all hour of the night . at 3 a.m. they decide to start argue in the hall . i call security once for them to turn up their music right after they leave . then security come up again while they be in the hall scream . i will say this the hotel make it right . they give me that night free and switch me room . good the room be beautiful . comfy bed good breakfast .
bad nice hotel in lv close to everything . good everyyhing
the broome do not feel like nyc at allit capture the elegance of morocco and you feel a world away from the traffic and bustle of the city . the room be small which be standard in nyc but i do expect a bit more space for the price . the bed be comfy with super luxury sheet . this may be an odd point but many of the luxury hotel i have be in lately have move away from use a fitted sheet on the bed which leave the guest with a flat sheet on the bottom that twist and bunche by the morning . i be delighted that the broome still use both flat and fitted sheetsit be a must for a good night sleep the staff be enthusiastic and welcoming . a good stay indeed dear ecwphd on behalf of the team thank you again for stay with us and thank you for share your feedback with us . it be a delight welcome you into our little oasis . in fact our room be design in and out to offer a little break from the city while you be in the city . we wish to have you back again very soon . until then if you need anything at all please do not hesitate to contact us at infothebroomenyc.com .
the broome be a well situate warm and welcome boutique hotel in the heart of soho . the room be sizable and airy the staff friendly and knowledgeable and the location superb . my daughter and i have a wonderful time and will definitely return.dear bethshorstein thank you again for choose to stay with us at the broome soho nyc and thank you for take the time to share with us . we really appreciate your feedback and it be a joy have you and your daughter with us . we really hope to get to see you again soon . until then if you need anything at all please do not hesitate to contact us at infothebroomenyc.com .
bad the parking rate be outrageous 59 usd day for valet but this be for all of boston not just this hotel . . good great location very convenient for boston commons subway and good resto . hotel be very nicely appoint with great product . wish we have time to use bliss spa
bad the hotel can not control the metal plate in the road that bang when car drive over it all night . good the bed be very comfortable and the berry and fresh fruit be awesome the staff be friendly and more than make up for a mishap with the room reservation .
the staff location room enjoy our stay .
bad our room be miss one night to clean we didn t care about the bed but we need some supply . it s ok not a big deal . good great location to visit boston . room be spacious and modern . overall staff be professional and friendly .
everything be excellent and the staff be warm and friendly
bad no . good very good
bad we only have one robe in our room and no slipper but we weren t bother enough to ask for these from the front desk . good we love our stay at the w boston the room be a great size and the bed huge and comfortable . the staff be so accommodate take delivery of two package for me and bring them up to the room . i didn t use the bliss spa on site but it be an amazing spa so i will definitely visit next time
good very nice room and quite big . nice ambience and cool bar plus helpful staff .
bad i wish breakfast be include in the price . good everything especially the fitness center .
bad everything be great . good the staff be very helpful and efficient .
good i love all the technology that the room have offer and also i love the look of the room it be awesome this hotel be a great stay for anyone i be definitely come back soon
bad nothing much . good modern soft bed great atmosphere
the staff and amenity be excellent
good very friendly staff . and perfect location in the theater district .
good everything
they be able to accommodate us with a feather free room . the door man be especially friendly and remember us
good wonderful service awesome riom service menu especially the late night offering . awesome amenity .
big room
bad the only draw back be the noise at night from th people come in and out of the lounge and adjacent nightclub . though it didn t bother us personally . good i love how central the location be . the hotel be in the theatre district . we walk to the harbour as well as shopping and all the park around us . after a long day of walk around we enjoy a massage at the bliss spa . we also enjoy have a drink at the lounge before go to bed . it be a great experience for us . it may be too noisy for people who want peace and quite . i also have the best sleep in those bed . i would recommend stay at the w boston .
no very good
bad the price of the wifi . good everything
good great property excellent team of young dedicated profeccional
my wife will thank me forever . wonderful hotel in miami not on the main beach strip but i would say in a better position if what you want to do be relax and enjoy the area . the room be superb and we have one with a huge balcony overlook the harbour and pool . breakfast be just and simply amazing especially when sit outside in the morning . pool area well maintain and service by staff . there be very few amenity outside of the hotel one have to walk for about 10 minute to get to shop etc . concierge service be very helpful a big shout out to carlos who be the most helpful concierge guy we have come across for a while he be a mine of information about the local area . this hotel ooze luxury and very family friendly my family of 4 be really look after two small gripe the hotel should have somewhere in the evening where a family can enjoy drink and dessert that be not the bar very often we could not get a space there in the evening or feel uncomfortable to be there with kid the other point be in room dining could be improve the menu be a bit short for us and the kitchen be not flexible enough to tailor some dish for example make the pasta spicy we order some rice with our chicken and it be just undercooke it be change immediately and we be give complimentary glass of wine but it be too late when one be starve
we stay at the ritz for 5 night in a club levelsuite . location be wonderful right by boston common and multiple t stop . service be wonderful especially from the concierge front desk and club lounge staff . staff make my 4 young child feel special and they enjoy the scavenger hunt and little toy provide . the room be lovely and well appoint though a little smaller than it appear in the website . i would definitely stay here again when i boston in fact i be planning on a business trip to cambridge soon and consider stay here and commuting.dear mnmorange so glad to hear you enjoy your recent stay with your family at the ritz carlton boston with all of the city so easily accessible just outside our door . it be wonderful to know that you and your child be well take care of by the friendly and professional lady and gentleman throughout the hotel . thank you for take the time to comment on your visit . we hope you will return for that upcoming business trip get to cambridge from the hotel be a breeze as well as many more occasion when it will be our sincere pleasure to welcome you back.warmest regard william p. bunce general manager
service be outstanding from the valet bellman front desk to the butler . everyone be top notch . the location be great a few block from central park and shopping . the room have great decor and the right size.dear yoyomass thank you for choose the st . regis hotel amongst the hundred of hotel in new york city to enjoy your recent visit . we appreciate your kind comment on tripadvisor and hope to welcome you again . sincerely octavia marginean hotel manager
check in be the worst part of my experience . as i be stand in line to check in there be one person in front of me who be be assist and two other guest in line behind me also wait to check in with only one front desk employee . i be in line for 7 minute and never do the lady at the front desk make eye contact with me or signal her customer to hold on while she get some other employee to assist her . it be rude unprofessional and totally unacceptable from any hotel of thus caliber . 2 minute be the maximum amount of time you should wait before be acknowledge . clearly the staff need better training . that frustration aside at approximately 6 p.m. i run into a friend from back home who be wait for her room . she arrive at 4 and have be relegate to wait at the bar because there be no room available to honor her reservation . she have theater ticket and need her room so at her behest i inquire to the manager about its status . the manager be apologetic but couldn t guarantee when the room would become available . in the end it all work out but the my be neglect at check in and her room not be ready be two thing that you should never experience at a hotel like the st . regis . yes the room be nice yes the hotel be well maintain but the service be for me the most important and the service that i experience be slightly below average . dear billy r thank you for take the time to share your feedback follow your stay with us at the st . regis new york . we strive to provide world class service to each and every guest during his or her time with us and regret to discover that we have fail to meet the high standard we set for ourselves while you visit our landmark hotel.after read your feedback we will be sure to address the issue that arise during your stay as to offer the best experience possible to future guest of which we hope you will be one . we welcome the opportunity to discuss additional thought on your stay as to best address the complaint you raise move forward . please contact me at octavia.margineanstregis.com . sincerely octavia margineanhotel manager
le st . rgis est incroyable . what a gorgeous hotel and what an upscale experience you will live by stay there . it be a dream come true . and if it wasn t enough i bump into kate mara in the elevator . i try to act cool but totally fail . the room be perfect . the staff be perfect . every square inch be clean and every detail be take care of . i be lucky enough to have dinner in la salle de bal . it be fantastic . thank you to the fpa for everythingdear pierre yve l on behalf of the st . regis new york we thank you for both review the property and allow us to be a part of your new york city adventure we do hope you will be back to stay with us soon and ask that you please let us know when you be return we would love to have you as our guest in the future sincerely octavia margineanhotel manager
stay here for two night and have a great time . this hotel have the best redemption for spg point value and we take advantage to pamper ourselves . it be really very nice though one mishap occur when we be bill for something in the bar that we didn t order . the reception clear it for us right away without the hassle we may of experience at some other hotel . we didn t receive the 5th ave view we be hope for but that s only fair when use point . would definitely stay again.dear rose2li it be truly a pleasure have you as our guest during your recent visit to new york city.on behalf of the entire team at the st . regis new york we be so pleased that you be able to experience our hotel and enjoy the high service and quality level which we pride ourselves on.thank you for your time in review our property on tripadvisor and please let us know when you will be return as we would love to have you as our guest.sincerely octavia margineanhotel manager
i ve been take my wife here for her birthday for the past 5 year . we stay either 5 or 6 day . great location great service . the desk staff be always helpful . usually we get to take the bentley for a ride to the frick or another museum . that s a special treat for me . last year they put us in a temporary room so we could take a nap until our reserved room be ready then they upgrade us to a suite which be omg . i couldn t believe how nice they be . we start every morning with the butler service coffee and something my wife pack for us . we be already look forward to our stay in december 2016 and we just get ticket to the comet to complement our stay . oh i forgot to mention it s an easy walk to broadway and 5th avenue shopping . i try book for december 2017 but it s still too early but i will book as soon as they let me.dear ms2020 we be delighted to have you stay with us at the st . regis new york and be thrill to hear that you have an enjoyable experience.we aim to offer our guest a chic home away from home while they sojourn in the city and be delighted to have have you at the property thank you for take the time to review the hotel on tripadvisor and we will see you in december please contact me directly at octavia.margineanstregis.com and i may be able to arrange your 2017 trip as well . sincerely octavia margineanhotel manager
between the front desk too many great to name to hussain and israel tenth floor butler to the great staff at king cole s this be an excellent property . i have stay in the four season ritz and elsewhere and find this to be a great place . highly appreciate . room be great but as be clear from the hotel business property be secondary to service.service rule and the st regis staff be excellent . kudo to krista the concierge not to miss the star . i recommend this hotel . expensive yes but value received.dear rowingman thank you so much for share your kind word about our staff . our team make it our mission to provide genuine service to each and every guest and we be so pleased that you experience this firsthand . we will share your feedback with hassan israel krista and the team we hope to see you again soon at the st . regi new york.kindly hermann w. elgergeneral manager
quality of this hotel be exceptional . arguably the best service and quality of room restaurant and bar that we have ever experience . the restaurant for breakfast be great and the bar at cocktail time be typical of a new york happy hour loud and happy.dear richard k we appreciate your review on tripadvisor of our hotel and we be delighted that you have make the st . regis hotel your new home away from home . we will share with our team your praise and we be thankful for your visit . sincerely octavia margineanhotel manager
here for business meeting have some glitch with service like wifi and av but we re fix immediately even though they be our mistake not the hotel s. other have point out interior vs exterior room . room be spacious with floor butler at your service . awesome thank you very much for your recent review on tripadvisor . we truly appreciate you take the time to detail your experience and we be so pleased that you have a wonderful visit at the st . regis new york . we will share your comment about our business accommodation with our team member and we grateful of your praises.we look forward to welcome you back as our guest in the near future
i love the location the staff the restaurant the bar the room and all of the extra service that be offer here where staff remember so many little detail about previous trip that each return be like an extended day from the last stay .
amazing hotel great service . they make you feel like you be their main concern . the room be amazing very clean and equipped with every thing . it s my forth time here and i m sure i will be back here again . the hotel experience be part of what make the trip dear adeeyacoby it be truly a pleasure have you as our guest during your recent visit to new york city.on behalf of the entire team at the st . regis new york we be so pleased that you be able to experience our hotel again and enjoy the high service and quality level which we pride ourselves on.thank you for your time in review our property on tripadvisor and please let us know when you will be return as we would love to have you back soon.sincerely octavia margineanhotel manager
i love the st regis generally speak but especially the new york . i ve stay here 12 time over the last 4 year or so . it just seem to get better each time . tire s a great new feature which be the room control manager molly email me ahead of time to see when we would be arrive . my spg upgrade available when we arrive at about 1015am which be rare these day . then there be the front desk staff they be all wonderful but i want to call out shelomie and hugo who know ryne and i by name and immediately make us feel at home . how about that concierge desk again all be great but today i will call out krista and mckinley . i email while on the plane about get in to the salon for mani and a shave . our appointment be make and ready for when we arrive . our butler this trip be marianna . she be awesome and give us the utmost service during our stay . finally kevin and juan our in room dining attendant just as perfect as can be . i name name because this be what this place be about . consistent and friendly staff that make the st regis our home away form home . we really love it.dear kenneth thank you so much for take the time to not only share your feedback regard your most recent visit but also to be so detailed and generous with your comment about our team member . molly shelomie hugo krista mckinley marianna kevin and juan be indeed amongst our most stellar performer and we could not be happier to learn that they make your and ryne s visit enjoyable and memorable . rest assure that they will receive the well deserved recognition.please come back soon we want to be your home away from home many more time to come happy new year daniela on behalf of all your srny friend
on my most recent work trip to nyc i choose to stay at the st regis vs my usual the peninsula . never again will i go back . after a long day of client meeting i decide to grab a light dinner and drink at the hotel lobby bar king cole bar . i travel quite a bit for work and my one rule of thumb be to avoid be hole up in a room with room service . i head straight to the bar after get back to the hotel and intentionally grab a small table in the far corner as i know i d need to get some work in to clear all my email from the day . literally within 15 second of power on my laptop one of the server bolt over to me and ask if i be aware that they have a no laptop policy after 4 p.m. . seriously i have to ask myself be i really stay at a 5 star business property i politely push back and say i be a guest at the hotel and have to get some work do and would be out of there quickly after my meal . he look annoyed but then retreated.fast forward 15 20 minute ... my food and wine arrive and i m not even halfway through . that s when the fb manager then approach me . he actually have the audacity to ask how much longer will i be on my laptop as i be be disruptive . again to set the context i be sit in the far corner next to a pillar and have my laptop screen dim to the lowest setting . i be not engage with anyone yet i m be disruptive one would think an fb manager would have some business and common sense and decency to recognize that you don t go and ask a pay guest at the hotel to get up in the middle of a meal because they be work on their laptop . when i tell him i didn t understand their policy and why he be enforce it he say i be not fit in to the bar scene . unbelievable . he then tell me he d be happy to have my food and wine move outside the bar where i could freely work . i be at this point just dumbfound . it be like be ask to move to the back of the bus or get off the bus for that matter . most humiliating and distasteful experience ever and never ever would i have imagine it would be on a work trip at what s suppose to be an upstanding hotel . and just to be clear on the many occasion i ve have to power up my laptop at the bar at the peninsula to get some work do not once do anyone ask me to turn off my laptop or leave . crystal clear for me now ... dear sfellelle on behalf of the management team at the st . regis new york we would like to thank you for your visit . we appreciate you take the time to detail your recent stay at our property.our hotel pride itself on provide five star service yet in some case mistake can occur . we apologize for the experience that you encounter in our food and beverage department and please know that this be certainly not our standard . rest assure we take the necessary measure to do an internal follow up with our staff to ensure that all our guest have a flawless experience in our bar in the future in similar circumstances.we most certainly hope you will give us another opportunity to service you again in the future . please don t hesitate to contact me directly to book your next visit or to discuss in length your experience at octavia.margineanstregis.com . sincerely octavia margineanhotel manager
of course it be very beautiful and from its look you may think that it would be stuffy but it be not very friendly and welcoming staff and the head butler nestor on the 7th floor could not have be a better representative in make us feel at home best hotel in nyc have stay in many luxury and not in nyc and all over the world . actually always want to stay at the st . regis and this do not disappoint dear diane we be thrilled to hear how much you enjoy your stay and that nestor make you feel at home . our signature butler service differentiate us from the competition and we be thrilled that you be able to experience this first hand.we look forward to welcome you back to new york again soon.kindest regard senih geray
we hadn t stay at the st . regis for many year . we decide to try it again for a 2 night stay to celebrate our anniversary . we be upgrade to a larger suite than we have reserve . it be a beautifully appoint room with all the modern amenity . it be a smart room that have all the control for the lighting and drapery from either room.we have a beautiful view of 5th avenue from our living room . the room come with butler service which be a great amenity.the best part of the st . regis besides the wonderful room be definitely the location . you step out of the hotel and you re in the middle of a shopper s paradise . every designer store be at your doorstep . so if you want to shop till you drop it s a great location . you re also step away from central park and all the wonderful museum we have in new york city.the st . regis have it all great service beautiful room and a perfect location . look to return soon to enjoy be in the city dear misss85 it be truly a pleasure have you as our guest during your special occasion . happy anniversary and many more happy year to come on behalf of the entire team at the st . regis new york we be so pleased that you be able to experience our hotel and enjoy the high service and quality level which we pride ourselves on.thank you for your time in review our property on tripadvisor and please let us know when you will be return as we would love to have you as our guest.sincerely octavia margineanhotel manager
stop in for mimosas and coffee while shop in 5th avenue . where else can you get a veuve cliquot mimosa beautiful nostalgic old world . they also have a nat king cole bar with wonderful history.dear cheriejay thank you very much for your kind word . we be pleased that you enjoy your mimosa at our iconic king cole bar and we hope to welcome you back again soon . kindly senih geray general manager
i stay in a huge two room suite here and i just don t understand the appeal . perhaps my taste be just not ahem refine enough but i find the hotel to be a bit stuffy and uninspiring . this be the 3rd or 4th st . regi that i ve stay at and i finally realize that the brand just isn t for me . i guess i prefer more modern or unique hotel . it wasn t a bad experience and the separate living room would be helpful for entertain a certain type of client but i wouldn t stay here alone and i wouldn t stay here for a romantic trip.the service be spectacular in the suite and include a private butler . that say i don t really need a private butler when i stay in a hotel . the front desk worker be friendly if not downright charming . the hotel lobby be small and for my taste uninteresting . it lack the wow factor . the concierge be very good but seem to sigh when he realize i have such pedestrian question such as what new broadway show may be worth see i ve be to nyc more than 30 time but i always ask the basic .for the money i d pick the waldorf astoria or the gramercy park hotel for its warm sumptuous color and texture in the larger room or even the mandarin oriental.note i stay in this hotel in 2014.dear allen thank you for take the time to share your feedback regard your stay with us.we be sorry to learn that the style of our historical property do not meet your preference but be glad to read that you enjoy our team s service . as far as our concierge be concerned rest assure i will personally follow up and use your feedback as a re training opportunity.when mr . john jacob astor and his wife caroline build the hotel in 1904 on purpose they want to have a very small lobby to make the arrival experience of their friend and family member as intimate and as home like as possible . while we treasure and value the heritage of our hotel we do realize that the lobby size may not be of a wow factor and we apologize if you be disappointed.hopefully you will visit us again and give us more opportunity to be at your service.have a wonderful start of the new year sincerely danielaon behalf of the st . regis new york team
my wife and i stay at the st regis for 8 night in june 2018 as part pleasure part business trip . this be our second time at the hotel and we can not fault it . the staff be exceptional and make our stay very memorable . the hotel s location make it great to get around the city and the friendliness of the staff make our time there very enjoyable . janelle in the fitness centre be a particular favourite of our as she make go to the gym in the morning a very welcoming and friendly experience . we will definitely stay here upon our return to new york citydear gk1708 thank you very much for take the time to review your recent stay at the st . regis new york . we be very pleased to hear how much you enjoy your stay and especially your experience in the athletic club . we will share your kind comment with janelle and the team and we look forward to see you again soon.kindest regard senih geraygeneral manager
in the word of shirley bassey where do i begin jajaja . well the room be sumptuous and big especially by nyc standards and compare to hotel of the same category . the service be amazing you feel pamper all throughout your stay . the food unfortunately be not up to the standard of the hotel . this doesn t mean it s bad at all yet nothing spectacular . and last but not least the best part be that it have the best location dear cutbertoparranicolin thank you so much for stay at the st . regis new york during your recent visit to new york city.we be so grateful for your feedback and we thank you for take the time to review your experience on tripadvisor . we hope to see you again soon sincerely octavia margineanhotel manager
stay 1 night as an spg gold member through the amex platinum fine hotel resort program . the hard product at the property be good but let down by extraordinarily bad service hand down the worst receive at any 5 luxury hotel . on reserve the hotel insist that as a couple with a young child we must book a rollaway bed at an extra charge and we could not share one king bed for health and safety reason . accept the higher rate charge on arrival there be no rollaway provide . luckily we didn t want one but they be extremely insistent on this fact when book . no welcome amenity offer as spg gold member . check in experience go from cold and marginally polite to confrontational . hotel would not honor the contractual one category if available upgrade of the amex fhr program . the hotel s own website define these room category for sale superior deluxe grand luxe room then 1 bedroom suite . within the 1 bedroom suite category the room type be astor deluxe madison . have book a grand luxe room at checkin their website show availability for deluxe and madison suites . the agent insist their obligation be only a one room type upgrade and not a category upgrade which mean any room type in that category . therefore as no astor suite be available no upgrade for us . i speak to the front desk manager susan who insist their interpretation of the fhr contract be correct . have now spend 20 min wait for them to check round the back as they put it with nowhere offer for my family to sit i just want to get to a room . i then call amex who contact the hotel . unfortunately by this point susan have allocate the available deluxe suite to other guest or at least block them and lie to my amex agent claim that i have be seek an upgrade to a madison suite worth 1000 extra and the contract prohibit a triple room type upgrade . i don t appreciate the hotel manipulate their inventory nor lie to my amex agent when my request be for a deluxe suite allowable by the fhr contract and worth only approx 200 300 more . amex advise the hotel clearly have different definition of available and category and these do not equate to available for sale on their website and category of room as list on their website sound like they be happy to use different definition to deny loyalty benefit . on be show to our room the agent advise a butler would introduce himself in a couple of minute . one hour later no butler . i page the butler and receive a call back request a champagne ice bucket and child amenity these weren t provide even though child be list on the reservation . another hour later still no sign of anything . page the butler again receive the amenity ... never receive the request ice bucket . last we ever see of the butler . no offer of many of the complimentary service as advertise on their website but nice of them to provide tea cookie milk . order room service dinner with the still miss ice bucket quality be very average for the price and beware family this hotel charge an 8 per person room service charge which i have never encounter at any other hotel . so a family of 3 would pay a whopping 24 in addition to mandatory 20 gratuity and sale tax . the waiter advise us just to lie and say we be just one person next time call for the tray trolley to be collect 90min later nobody have come and it be collect by housekeep at turndown . try to organise family activity through the concierge as advertise on their website they acknowledge our request but never hear back from them after that . advertise functionality to stream your ipad medium to the hotel tv do not work . include complimentary breakfast worth 41 be the most basic continental breakfast ever see consist solely of 4 pastry coffee and one orange juice . on checkout the agent s only word from walk to the desk be mr here be your bill let me correct this error hope to see you again . no how be your stay or anything similar.when pay four figure to stay in a hotel room this doesn t meet any expectation and this stay be our first and last at a st regis.dear msnz please allow us to thank you for post your review on trip advisor . we understand that our director of room have connect with you privately and we hope you be satisfied with the resolution . we hope to be at your service again soon and until then please contact our executive office for any additional assistance you may need.kind regard hermann elgergeneral manager
this be my second stay at the st regis ny . the hotel have be revamp be much more expensive bit i can t say it have much improve . on the bright side get an upgrade and a very nice room late checkout the concierge be knowledgeable and get you in difficult place like the polo bar across the street.downside the ducasse restaurant be go and hasn t be replace so you re leave with a somewhat lame breakfast diner lounge . the king cole must be run trotskyist since i be refuse entry before midnight despite identify myself as an hotel guest . i duly complain and next day be serve a deliberate over spicy bloody mary in what feel like retaliation . the hotel as a butler service that pack your stuff on demand . i lose i cherish lanvin fedora on the process without so much of an excuse . consider the price you pay you can find better option in ny . by the way i m an spg gold so the upgrade and late check out come with the status.dear joao c thank you so much for take the time to detail your recent experience at the st . regis new york . we be deeply sorry that we be not able to meet your expectation during your recent visit to our hotel all of which attribute to your negative feedback.please allow us the opportunity of discuss your comment further so that we can examine the issue which you have note . i may be reach at octavia.margineanstregis.com and we would then be able to arrange a time at your convenience to speak.sincerely octavia margineanhotel manager
what a place . bring the wife for a business trip and she and i both love it . great location and the staff treat to your every need . excellent in every way . nyc have a lot of offer in hotel this be one of the best . dear arubaman2016 on behalf of the st . regis new york we thank you for both review the property and allow us to be a part of your new york city adventure we do hope you will be back to stay with us soon and ask that you please let us know when you be return we would love to have you as our guest in the futuresincerely octavia margineanhotel manager
with an air of urban sophistication and a location that can t be beat the st . regis occupy the corner of 5th and 55th only block from central park moma and the best retail shopping in america . on a cold winter afternoon load with bag display the logo of the finest brand guest be greet at the elevator with a choice of hot apple cider chocolate or beef broth . recently remodel room be roomy by nyc standard and fresh and of course the butler service put it s over the top . i don t think you can find a better lounge for a casual drink then the king cole bar . don t miss the bloody mary menu a drink that be invent here . an oasis a grand hotel a total pleasure.dear gene b thank you very much for your kind word about our hotel . we be so pleased that you enjoy your stay in a renovated room and be able to enjoy our holiday hot chocolate offering . we hope you have a wonderful holiday season and we look forward to see you again in 2015.best regard manuel martinezhotel manager
i have stay for new year s holiday.i be look forward to visit this hotel very very much . and i request to them that i would like a high floor at their web site while reservation . as a result my timeline on arrival day be following.11 30 arrival at hotel and deposit luggage . the representative of reception saidwe accept your request . at this time.15 45 challenge for the first check in . but the another representative tell me that check intime start from 16 00.16 00 2nd challenge to check in . new another representative say the inspection of your room hasn t complete yet . wait for several minute the long line make by wait check in people be appear from this time . 16 15 3rd challenge to check in . next another representative say the inspection isn t yet.wait for 5 10min . i answer ok i wait for at here front desk the long line have become much longer.16 50 4th challenge to check in . no one tell me anything.i try to talk to another person who stand the next of front desk i be wait for 45 minute whyto tell you the truth i have expect this time a little.because i think this wait time be the time to find the highfloor room i request . 17 00 check in done.the room assign to me be ... the most lowest floor 3rd .there be 20 floor in this hotel and i have request higher floorsince 2 month ago but the answer be the most lowest level.i be so sad ... so sad . the attach picture be the view from this room.if the assign floor be 4th floor i think i be save from this sadness.but 3rd ... the most lowest floor to the guest who request high floor.i know this season be very busy.i don t want to complain more than that.the hospitality and smile of their staff be very good.i will stay this hotel again.maybe this month.dear 376masatot thank you very much for feedback about your recent stay with us . i be terribly sorry to hear about your arrival experience and that your request for a room on a high floor could not be fulfil . this be definitely not a typical st . regis experience and on behalf of the entire team i would like to sincerely apologize . we would love for an opportunity to welcome you back to our hotel and show you our true five star service so please do not hesitate to contact me directly at melanie.rehbeinstregis.com for anything i may assist with . sincerely melanie rehbeindirector of roomsst . regis new york
i love this hotel . it capture a distinctive golden age vibe in a very special way . on check in there be a small disturbance in the lobby due to the behaviour of another guest who be unhappy with her allocated room . the only blip during our stay be that the room we be allocate with an external view be clearly give to this complaining guest . the manager literally take the key from the hand of the lady check us in as she be give them to me and after we have be tell what a lovely room we have be allocate ... but the hotel be professional enough to deal with our concern immediately and we be give a gorgeous external view room face onto fifth avenue and complimentary breakfast and drink . this rapid commitment to service be indicative of the rest of our stay . otherwise the whole stay be perfect . the room be elegant . it feel very classic and luxurious but also have any modern convenience . the king cole bar be the perfect place to meet friend . the complimentary bentley be a special touch to drop us to dinner at a perfect concierge recommendation . we love the atmosphere in the hotel restaurant the next morning for breakfast . i would stay here again without hesitation . we feel value and special.dear johntillett thank you so much for stay at the st . regis new york during your recent visit to new york city.we be so grateful for your feedback and we thank you for take the time to review your experience on tripadvisor . we hope to see you again soon sincerely octavia margineanhotel manager
the hotel have be update . the room be fresh and there be a new gym . you always get the best slip and fantastic linen pillow mattress etc . bring your wallet though . a glass of white wine and a beer in the bar be 46 dear imrahil5000 thank you so much for stay at the st . regis new york during your recent visit to new york city.we be so grateful for your feedback and we thank you for take the time to review your experience on tripadvisor . we hope to see you again soon sincerely octavia margineanhotel manager
the good first let s talk about the great thing at this flagship hotel and there be so many the location be in my opinion be as good as it get in nyc two block from saks museum of modern art and st patrick s cathedral one block from madison ave three block from central park and the city s best restaurant within easy walking distance . everything be at your fingertip the architecture of this iconic building be absolutely stunning and st regis keep it in tip top condition with gleam marble floor 24 carat accent and sparkle crystal chandelier all as you would expect and more . the christmas decor from the massive toy soldier at the entrance to the golden leafed apple tree in the foyer be absolutely stunning hat off to the extraordinary designer the room and suite be spacious and tastefully decorate with marble foyer crystal chandelier deep crown molding luxurious fabric and marble bathroom with double sink tv in the mirror deep soaker tub separate shower and european style private flush . the bed be as comfortable as any you will find at the finest hotel in the world . the full time butler be efficient and friendly welcome you upon arrival with tea and coffee and each morning as well . they look after your every need from shoe shine to press efficiently and pleasantly . fresh fruit await you and be daily replenish . wi fi be include as be bottled water which be replenish twice daily with the maid service . the mini bar be well stocked and there be ample closet space with plenty of hanger . the room and entire hotel be spotlessly clean all the staff be friendly from the doorman waiter maid valet etc . we opt out for the platinum breakfast choice and it be a daily delight in astor court with a nice menu selection well prepared and quickly served.the bad be an spg member for 16 year with over 900 night to date and lifetime platinum status we expect to be upgrade to a suite upon arrival which be the spg policy . it be something we have always receive at all spg property 100 of the time since gain platinum status many many year ago . we book this trip six month in advance so it wasn t like they didn t know we be come . we even process our suite night award certificate to further ensure the upgrade . we have save those upgrade for this trip but since they expire dec 31 15 they be useless to us now . our first bad experience be upon arrival at the front desk where the clerk inform us that we would not be upgrade . it go from bad to worse as she tell us that we be not entitle to the upgrade . she didn t seem to understand the platinum perk . talk with her be like talk to a wall so unlike other 5 star hotel we ve stay which be usually so highly train and informed . we be show to our grand luxe guestroom which be a very lovely room as far as room go . i will say if you be ever not go to receive an upgrade these room be as lovely as it get . over the year i hate to think what my husband have spend at spg hotel stay to have earn his lifetime platinum status which be not a gift which the desk clerk seem to indicate but very expensive to achieve . not receive the upgrade be such an insult to my husband who have stay as many as 154 night in one year alone with spg . he be very upset and disappointed as we be really look forward to this stay not have be to nyc on a thanksgiving holiday since 1985 when we meet and have our very first trip together of course when you don t get a suite you don t get the toiletry that go with it which i ve always love at the st regis . i suppose i could have request it but i didn t. we just settle into our room prepare to make the best of a nice holiday.the ugly stay at the hotel for a week one of the expect highlight be thanksgive dinner at astor court . we think we d stay in house after long hour watch the macy s parade . huge mistake upon arrival at astor court we be seat in the bar at a small round table with 2 tiny bar chair we couldn t believe it and should have leave but where do you go at this late date the meal be worse then i can describe and actually include process turkey not even real turkey . i couldn t understand why i be send a form at home to sign prior to arrival so they could charge our credit card a week before the dinner . now i know no one in their right mind would pay 400 usd for that miserable meal for two people . i can t adequately describe our disappointment . we have always love this hotel and enjoy wonderful special occasion with delicious meal such as new year s eve but even the dinner time room service food be horrid . we couldn t even eat the salad . what kind of chef can t make a salad . seem the breakfast chef be great and the evening chef be worse than lack . talk with the room manager be a waste of time upon check out we see that she give us a 200 credit on our account for have sit us in the bar for thanksgive dinner that just add insult to injury as during the conversation she call my husband by the wrong name no less than six time although we keep correct her . i don t think i could ever get my husband to go back and truthfully i can t blame him . it s a shame that such a gorgeous establishment with so many great long time staff should suffer because of the lack of a decent chef in what should be a 5 star dining room after visit 6 other st regis hotel in the past with their exquisite chef to experience this in their nyc hotel just doesn t even make sense dear katherine b thank you for take the time to submit your recent review on trip advisor . we understand that our leadership team have be in touch with you while you be on property and again after your stay . we truly hope to regain your trust and wish you all the best for the holiday season . kindly hermann elgergeneral manager
best place for lunch cocktail s the ole king cole bar be old world sophistication at its best . the chef produce the best soup lite bite he never disappoint . a welcome relief from the hustle and bustle of new york city when you enter this sanctuary of elegance dear louise since the hotel found we have look to offer the best customer service possible . it be with pleasure that we get to read feedback from our guest especially when we be able to meet the very high standard we aim to achieve.thank you so much for take the time to share your kind word and please do let us know when your next visit to the king cole bar be plan as we would love for you to be our guest once again kindly danny cooperdirector of food beverage operation
i go to a meeting in the hotel and have the opportunity to visit many of the room suite and the lounge . the room have recently be renovate in variety of style but all in keeping with the history of the hotel and all stunning.dear francescaintinc we be so grateful for your feedback and we thank you for take the time to review your experience on tripadvisor . we hope to see you again soon as a guest sincerely octavia marginean hotel manager
our son make the arrangement for us to stay here for one night after a short staying in another spg hotel . we be not too sure whether it would be worth the move for an one night stay my husband be just recently out of the hospital and still use a walker . we think of the problem with the holiday traffic on the fifth ave get in and out of the car and walk up the step stair ..... in stead of walk up the step we use the elevator locate inside the king cole bar and salon next door . once we step into the lobby of st . rigis our worry go off the chimney there seem to be a special flowery cent in the air as you walk on the shiniest marble design floor of the hotel . we sit comfortably await for the checking in . due to the upgrade to a room with two double we have to wait for a while which be perfectly fine . after a short wait we be thoughtfully offer to wait in another room to rest until our room be ready . the idea that the management would do that for us have win us over st . regis be an one of a kind classy hotel with the old world class charm and beauty . once inside the room we be impressed with the modern update use the computer technology among them the tv screen fit right into the bathroom mirror would earn a wow factor the 4 type of lighten control locate both near the bed and the entrance of the room be a plus in convenience and lacquer like chinese cabinet under the tv to hind the refrigerator and bar be a combo of beauty and convenience . the huge multi plate mirror which occupy the entire wall and the crystal hang on the chandelier be practically spotless so be the intricate molding around the ceiling and the chandelier . the decoration of the room have a luxury feel yet they be just as practical and comfortable as solid every day furniture . the shower which be a separate unit have great water pressure . the tub equip with the hang over rack be a perfect way for a relax soak after long walk at the macy s parade . the marble stone bath room be spacious and modern which again be a pleasant surprise find in an old hotel . among those who come to stay and walk those hallway beyond the glass entrance door on each floor be eva gardiner and salvador dali so we be tell when first be lead into our room . i must say that we feel just as welcome as any entertainer and or artist when we be greet by the staff . as we walk out of the room as we get in or out of the car we be greet politely and warmly . people who stay here for a day or a week be lucky to enjoy the world class luxury and those who be associate with this first rate elegant hotel appear to be happy and proud to be part of this perfect corporation.dear goplace42 we be humble by your complimentary review of your recent stay at our hotel . thank you for allow us to provide you with superior and thoughtful service and most importantly we thank you for make us your new favorite hotel.sincerely octavia marginean
this hotel almost make me feel like i m a king . when i address any issue they get it fix right away . the location of this hotel be perfect . concierge be very helpful . you can t go wrong with this hotel for suredear matthew s we be humble by your complimentary review of your recent stay at our hotel . thank you for allow us to provide you with superior and thoughtful service and most importantly we thank you for make us your new favorite hotel.sincerely octavia margineanhotel manager
this be our second stay at the st . regis and this time we book through american express platinum concierge . as part of their fine hotel s program we book for 2 day and the third night be compe . it also include 100.00 towards meal and complete breakfast for 2 . upon check in hugo acknowledge me as a platinum spg guest and upgrade us to the madison suite every room come with a butler who will bring you complimentary tea or coffee service . there s a house bentley which be available on a first come first served basis . the food be extremely good in their restaurant and the king cole bar be internationally famous.dear 112traveler47 thank you so much for stay at the st . regis new york during your recent visit to new york city.we be so grateful for your feedback and we thank you for take the time to review your experience on tripadvisor . we hope to see you again soon sincerely octavia margineanhotel manager
i stay at st regis for 3 day this weekend and i be treat like a king.this be an amazingly beautiful hotel right at 5th ave.from the moment you walk in you feel special.the service and the staff be amazing and the butler service they have add to the value.dear hagopyouredjian thank you so much for stay at the st . regis new york during your recent visit to new york city.we be so grateful for your feedback and we thank you for take the time to review your experience on tripadvisor . we hope to see you again soon kindly the st . regis management team
i have never be a bite snob but i must say that st . regis be start to spoil me . the ny hire be superb and really add to the stay . other hotel in ny be so small and the st . regis revamp its hotel and make all the room larger and nicer . and it show . fruit be deliver each night . and not only do you get one piece of chocolate but an entire tray each night . it really get ridiculous because i just eat it all and it be really too much work on the self control . luckily they have a great work out room open 24 hour and i use it every evening . i can not say enough good thing about this hotel . it be a rare opportunity for me to stay there and i take full advantage . the bottom line be if you get the chance stay here . anyone who say this hire be terrible should be ban from stay anywhere but their own home . the service be exceptional . i leave a shirt at the hotel and they track it down for me and deliver it with personalized service . they literally make me feel that find my shirt be the most important mission for the entire hotel staff . it be just a level of service rarely see any more and entirely refreshing as long as you don t mind the price .dear jd it be truly a pleasure have you as our guest during your recent business trip to new york city and glad we be able to assist with track down your missing garment.on behalf of the entire team at the st . regis new york we be so pleased that you be able to experience our hotel and enjoy the high service and quality level upon which we pride ourselves . thank you for take the time to review our property on tripadvisor and we look forward to see you again soon.warmly hermann elgergeneral manager
just get back from an amazing weekend at the st . regis . we use our starpoint to reserve a night at the st . regis in celebration of our anniversary . i have high hope for a category 7 hotel and st . regis do not disappoint we d have a bit of a rough journey but from the moment pascal take our bag to jose at the front desk check us in ildna show me to the fitness room where i could have a little workout before our room be ready everyone take such great care of us . we will definitely be back dear traveller94115 we be very pleased to learn that pascal jose and ilona all provide you with exceptional service during your recent visit to the st . regis new york . thank you for your time and for recognize our mission to provide the best service and pamper experience to each of our guest . we look forward to share your review with the team and we hope that we will have the opportunity of have you as our guest very soon warmest regard the st . regis management team
shout out to the fantastic concierge staff . luxury and class be the norm . enjoy the complimentary arnold palmer in the afternoon by the guest elevator . and take a ride in the bentley . this be my choose ny hotel . it be central to practically everything.dear milner family on behalf of the concierge team at the st . regis new york we would like to thank you for complete your review on tripadvisor . we be so pleased to hear how much you enjoy your stay with us and it be our absolute pleasure to assist you.we look forward to see you again soon kindest regard maria wittorp dejongechef concierge
welcome to one of the most iconic and beautiful hotel of manhattan marble crystal golden leaf painting elegantly decorate room combine newest technology and extreme comfort in a charming style that one may find somehow a little bit marie antoinette . kind staff great doorman from bretagne champagne sabotage at the bar . maybe some room for improvement on the side of the kitchen to refine the bar menu and breakfast . a wonderful home feel . congrat and thank you dear jfcollobert on behalf of the entire team at the st . regis new york we would like to thank you for take the time to review your recent stay at our hotel . we be pleased to hear how much you enjoy your stay and that our team provide you with excellent service . thank you for recognize us at manhattan s most iconic hotel with a rich history as well as the newest technology . we look forward to have an opportunity to welcome you back to our hotel again soon.kindly senih geraygeneral manager
we hadn t visit the st . regis hotel in new york before and i will admit to have be a little wary . there be certain grande dame hotel in the starwood portfolio that be a little past their shelf life and look a bit beat up and in need of tlc . not so the incredibly beautiful and fastidiously maintain st . regis new york . this be a hotel that literally glisten with fresh paint fresh scrub fresh upholstery sparkle crystal and obsessive attention pay to every detail down to the weight of the stationery and the bulb in the light fixture . the desk staff be immediately friendly and accommodate . we ask for an spg upgrade and be prepare for the usual few add square foot or better view . what we be give be the fifth avenue suite a truly grand and beautiful collection of room palatial by manhattan apartment standard with a view of fifth avenue below . like the rest of the hotel the room be spotless freshly refurbish and offer two bathroom a generous walk in closet a fridge and a host of creature comfort . couldn t have ask for better.the concierge staff be on their game and steer us to some terrific smaller restaurant we hadn t visit before . every phone call to room service the front desk and housekeeping be meet with a thoughtful friendly and always helpful voice at the other end . this be one of those hotel that reflect well on its demand management and training standard and every employee we meet be professional and incredibly helpful and friendly . and every last one seem aware and proud of the hotel s origin history and ambition to be the best at what it does.minor gripe certain room in the hotel offer butler service a tradition and pride of the st . regis since its opening in 1904 . we find the service a little awkward to use . when you phone the butler you hear a tone then a shrill whistle on the phone similar to reach a fax machine . we weren t sure what this be about so we phone the hotel operator who say this be the page system for the butler but she d make sure our request for coffee service get through . a short while later the butler do arrive with coffee and be very helpful with a few other request . but we re not sure he d have show if not for the operator because the next day we put in two call and after wait for over an hour for any response we just give up and use other service . we also find that for a hotel that pay such attention to detail in other area the door staff be not its strong suit . at great hotel the doorman be part of the guest s first impression with a greeting an open door and an offer of help . the staff at least on our visit be often sort of just stand around in one case watch us lug a heavy bag up the stair before finally offer some help with the second . no one greet us or open a door on our several trip in and out and we be just a little surprised at this minor lapse in an otherwise fantastic experience.the king cole bar be cozy classically new york and historic feeling . the astor court restaurant be beautiful and relaxed the food a little hit and miss . likewise the private dining option vary from delicious to just okay . again these be relatively minor complaint and smallish piece of what be overall perhaps the best hotel experience we ve have in the u.s . or europe . congratulation to everyone at the st . regis for maintain this fantastic and important heritage property.dear twinlion we be very pleased to learn that so many associate provide you with exceptional service during your recent visit to the st . regis new york.thank you for your time and for recognize our mission to provide the best service and pamper experience to each of our guest . also thank you for the constructive feed back regard front service and butler . rest assure it will be address . we will share your kind word with our team and we be so grateful for your support we hope that we will have the opportunity of have you as our guest very soon sincerely octavia margineanhotel manager
just an amazing place . you be treat like a king all the time . this place have ruin me for all other hotel . i be go again this weekend and can not wait . maria christine duhon and liubov be amazing . they take care of everything and make sure my wife and i be happy . i highly recommend the st regis.dear da0987654321 thank you for your recent review on tripadvisor . we truly appreciate you take the time to detail your experience and we be so pleased that you have a wonderful visit at the st . regis new york . we will share your comment with our team member and we be grateful of your praises.we look forward to welcome you back as our guest in the near future sincerely octavia margineanhotel manager
i stay here with my wife to celebrate her 30th birthday . at check in our room be not ready yet but we be bring to the beautiful bar and give free drink until our room be available . when our room be prepare we take the elevator up to our floor . the butler be wait at the elevator to greet us and direct us to our room and show us around and how to use everything . because we be celebrate a special occasion we be treat to some special amenity in the form of champagne and chocolate cover strawberry . it be quite unexpected and a really great touch . the room be wonderfully appoint and a generous size particularly for a new york city hotel . the furniture be beautiful all classic piece from different era ... really just very well do . silk wall covering and beautiful crown molding . marble bathroom with a tv in the mirror over the sink . quiet and isolate from the noise on the street . in the morning we eat breakfast at the hotel my wife say her breakfast be the best thing she have ever have to eat . mine be delicious as well . we then take the house car bentley service complimentary for all hotel guest within a certain radius of the hotel out to columbus circle for some shopping . the hospitality at the hotel be second to none . really an excellent place to stay meet all of my expectation and exceed some as well . this be one of the nicest hotel i ve stay at to date definitely top 3 dear jamgolf3 on behalf of the st . regis new york we thank you for both review the property and allow us to be a part of your new york city adventure and your celebration we do hope you will be back to stay with us soon and ask that you please let us know when you be return we would love to have you as our guest in the future kindly hermann elgergeneral manager
we enjoy our lunch at the st . regis . from the service to the food and drink everything be impeccable . the setting be classic and polished comfortable and beautiful . it be our first time at the st . regis and we will return . highly recommended.dear mnkittycat thank you so much for have lunch at the st . regis new york . we be so grateful for your feedback and we thank you for take the time to review your experience on tripadvisor . we hope to see you again soon sincerely octavia margineanhotel manager
attention to detail be incredible at one of new york city s finest hotels.our suite be beautiful and despite be worry about traffic noise we be surprised to have have a very restful night . we use travel point to book our room and be very impressed to have be upgrade to a better room this be excellent service and excellent recognition that people who travel all the time rarely cash in their point but when they do ... it leave a lasting impression and a very much increase likelihood that we will return and also highly recommend.well do dear suenearboston thank you so much for stay at the st . regis new york during your recent visit to new york city.we be so grateful for your feedback and we thank you for take the time to review your experience on tripadvisor . we hope to see you again soon sincerely octavia margineanhotel manager
i have never be so impressed with the customer service of a hotel . every single staff member go above and beyond to make us feel like we be the most important guest in the hotel . i have travel all over the world and have never be more impressed with the level of hospitality provide at the st . regis in nyc.dear julie d a complimentary review such as yours be always welcome . thank you for take the time to post your comment on tripadvisor . i sincerely look forward to welcome you back to the st . regis hotel new york in the not so distant future.sincerely octavia margineanhotel manager
i stay at ritz carlton hotel during my last visit.however st . regis be locate right on the 5th avenue where i drop by twice.once for a afternoon tea at astor court after a long busy day . variety of sandwich and scone be nicely serve just like they do at ritz london i skip dinner on that evening.the next evening i drop by to have light snack before evening play . the club sandwich be a simple menu but the most delicious i have have . the over all service be excellent.i would definitely stay at this hotel if it situate near the central park like ritz carlton.dear spaniel12 on behalf of the entire team at the st . regis new york we thank you for share the detail of your recent visit to astor court on tripadvisor.at the st . regis new york we pride ourselves on our personalized service and we be so glad that you be able to experience this first hand.please let us know when you will be return to new york as we would love to welcome you back as our guest.sincerely octavia margineanhotel manager
from the moment we check in to our last minute there the service be world class . the hotel itself be locate around the corner from 5th avenue with all the great shopping your wife could possibly want . our room be ornate and luxurious . what you would expect from a st . regis . the butler service be top notch and at our beck and call for a cup of tea or whatever we need . our first night we have difficulty get a taxi to our restaurant so the hotel have be a free ride in their own bentley . they will do that if the location be not too far . the concierge make our dinner reservation for us in advance . near the end of our meal the waiter come back to our table with the manager and say your concierge ask us to provide with our house specialty desert which the hotel pay for . this hotel be the standard for great customer service . this be officially our hotel for ny . what a wonderful 5 star experience dear dan b we be delighted to have you stay with us at the st . regis new york and be thrill to hear that you have an enjoyable experience.thank you for your time and for recognize our mission to provide the best service and pamper experience to each of our guest . we will share your kind word with our staff and we be so grateful for your support we look forward to welcome you back to new york soon kindly maria wittorp dejongechef concierge
if you want to experience the perfect city hotel in new york with everything from service location and friendliness this be perfect.we spend christmas here and it be amazing . the room be very nice quiet and with a fantastic bed and everything . the service at the reception be very good and also during the rest of the stay.the butler service be also very good . we will definitely come back . the only thing that can be improve be the light at breakfast it be to bright so you miss a little bit of the coziness.dear andrew18985 thank you for take the time to review your stay at the st . regis new york . we be thrilled to hear that you enjoy your time with us and hope that you will return to nyc soon . we thank you for your comment regard the light at breakfast . we greatly appreciate your feedback and will share your comment with our team.best regard manuel martinezhotel manager
in new york it be uncommon to return to any large chain hotel and be greet by the same person at the reception desk and even rarer for that person to actually remember you . easy when they see your name you say but when they ask a personal question that indicate they really do remember you it be special . my other post on t.a . be redundantly complimentary about the st . regis hotels . the lovely receptionist here in nyc je be one of those special people . we try to visit nyc as often as possible be only 2 hour away in connecticut and there be no finer place to stay than the st . regis . i would highly recommend that if you enjoy travel in style and want to be treat exceptionally well get a starwood american express card and indulge yourself in its many generous gift . starwood be to be commend for attract and keep outstanding personel such as je at the nyc st . regis .dear whvip on behalf of the entire team at the st . regis new york we thank you for take the time to review your recent stay at our hotel . we be thrilled to hear how much you enjoy stay here and we deeply appreciate your loyalty . we will share your kind word with jie and look forward to see you again soon.warmest regard daniela cataldodirector of room
stay here to catch nyc at christmas and be excited to stay in a legendary hotel . we have stay at the st . regis in mexico city singapore and other and be expect the same level of excellence . we truly want to love this hotel but instead leave feel grateful we use point and not cash for our stay . sad to say we would not return . the good and the bad the good room be beautifully appoint location can t be beat and some of the staff be outstanding . the bad attention to detail have be lose . some example long line to check in and out . yes we realize it be high season but staffing should be commensurate with the expect flow of guest . next after the bellhop deliver our bag we ask for a bucket of ice . it never arrive and we have to get it ourselves . breakfast take even longer than the ice . small but tell detail . leave feel like the st . regis nyc rely on its reputation to pull in the crowd its service certainly doesn t warrant a pricey stay . dear noidk thank you so much for take the time to detail your recent experience at the st . regis new york . we be deeply sorry that we be not able to meet your expectation during your recent visit to our hotel all of which attribute to your negative feedback.please allow us the opportunity of discuss your comment further so that we can examine the issue which you have note . our management team may be reach at generalmanagernystregis.com and we would then be able to arrange a time at your convenience to speak.sincerely octavia margineanhotel manager
bad have a very frustrating time book online . the website be not secure . good clean . very important
bad i understand it be a japanese hotel but the american breakfast be terrible . i appreciate that they have all option but the egg weren t well cook the bacon wasn t cook and for that it be expensive . there be no room service and for the hour i have to be at my conference it be hard to get out extra early to find a diner nearby . some didn t open in time . it be a buffet so super fast ... i also don t eat alot of the other thing they offer like the toast etc ... and they have a full spread of what i assume would appeal to foreign visitor which i think be also great and nice for them . good it be very conveniently locate to my conference across the street ... not the most luxurious hotel but certainly perfectly fine for me to attend conference across the street . the double tree down the road much more beautiful but also much for expensive ... i would stay here again as long as i could find a decent breakfast nearby . staff very pleasant .
bad parking be very pricey . no discount for stay at the hotel . walk too far away at night be very uncomfortable but during day it be great fun .. good bed be high have to climb up but very comfortable with great fluffy pillow and linens japanese toilet seat able to adjust room climate . convenient to japanese store and museum . great area restaurant . nice caf shop on the ground floor .
bad happy hour price to expensive . good locatation
good great location and nice facility . large clean room and the staff be very helpful . would have no problem stay here again .
good the ac hotel be perfect for what we need . we be a group of friend come from different state to meet up . it be conveniently locate close to public transportation and make it easy for all of us to get there . the hotel be in a great location it s close to michigan avenue water tower mall and navy pier .
well situate near magic mile for shopping and walk distance from the loop . cta station pretty close to hotel .
good fun location very nice hotel . especially like the simple breakfast .
bad shower expose to room . good the room be quiet and private .
bad every now and again we could hear bass from another room . however it be never during sleep hour so that be positive . good everyone be super friendly and helpful . all staff be very accommodating and friendly . the room especially their view be very nice . the rain shower be a definite plus as well .
bad nothing . good cozy
good location free breakfast and cocktail hour add plus
bad breakfast could of be better .. good room an bed .. shower be awesome ..
bad wine cooler too noisy . good best staff and we have travel the world . kudo to front desk jeff .... and prince kudo to tj doorman love our surprise suite love view and the luxury
good we love the kinzie . this be our 4th time stay there . we stay there when it be the amalfi . love the location room and happy hour great staff and doorman feel like family
good i be always ask meaningful question and be never hassle and never wait for a taxi . the service be great and quick and the room be beautiful plus i get exactly what i request .
bad shower . good doorman be wonderful very helpful .
good the shower be amazing i can not speak highly enough about the shower . i travel regularly and this be the best hotel that i have ever stay at .
bad the only thing i wish there could have be be hot food choice for breakfast such as egg and bacon or sausage . i do like how they set up the breakfast on each floor . that be very nice however have a place to eat outside of our room would be nice . but know there isn t anywhere to do that i think you do an excellent job with everything . we will definitely be come back thank you . good the room and bathroom be spacious and very nice very clean and updated . we stay in the deluxe king room . staff be all very nice and helpful
good wonderful friendly staff and incredible location . love the happy hour and breakfast on each floor . couldn t have do better for a first trip to chicago .
good this be my first time in chicago and i spend much time to choose the right hotel . and i be right in my choice this hotel deserve the high rate because of great staff wonderful cosy room with a perfect bed bathroom and tasty various breakfast.the location couldn t be better .
good the room we have be perfect spacious interesting urban view lot of window and light . very good breakfast ... i like everything in this hotel
good service be prompt and friendly .
best value in chicago super clean comfortable cosy hotel staff be professional and super friendly . .... and you get complementary wifi that work ..... super on the floor complementary breakfast plus a complimentary evening drink with snack . what more can you ask for just love it
good love the modern look of the room .
bad can t really say . good how convenient the continental breakfast area be locate
good staff be super friendly and helpful . room be spacious and very clean . would definitely stay there again .
good the staff be very accommodating and the bed be very comfortable .
good great staff superb room brilliant location .
good i like the uniqueness of the hotel and especially the room . great view out our balcony .
bad expensive parking . good corner room
good everything be great excellent lake cation
nothing great bed and shower . all you need . great help yourself continental breakfast and like the drink and snack in the evening . fabtastic location
bad really don t have much to say about it . good service be great.room have nice view wonderful roof top.we have spa service and they be great
bad it take a bit of time to get check in . good very clean nice location very modern facility
good lovely helpful staff
bad it be all good . good lovely room helpful staff fast wifi and nice gym
good great location . clean room friendly staff . would definitely stay there again .
good great value very friendly staff . excellent location
good best hotel robe i have ever have . beautiful room . very nice staff .
good everything be amazing i will for sure be back
good the bar on the rooftop
bad worst bartender ever . long island ice tea miss a few ingredient king alphonse be actually a kahlua and cream with ice . ugh . in room coffee machine didn t work take two day to get fix and then make awful coffee . morning coffee from the restaurant be undrinkable . thankfully starbuck nearby . good best restaurant for dinner of any hotel anywhere . entree superb bread pudde beyond superb . excellent security staff cheerfully and efficiently retrieve my forget keyboard assure me it be safe and fedexe it to me no charge . decor stylish cozy room make clever use of small space room clean rain shower nice . non convention type hotel very appealing . really great value in accessible walkable location .
bad the breakfast could have have more protein option . good love the room and the location
good wonderful hotel with great location and customer service . the lounge be amazing every night for a drink and snack . could not have ask for a better experience . breakfast every morning be way better then we expect . contact the front desk be easy via text for anything we need or with question . we have travel to many other city and europe and this be one of our top stay .
good location
good everyone be so nice . thank you
bad everything be great besides the bar lounge on the top floor . it could use some renovation . good bed be extremely comfortable
good great location .... the room be very comfortable and clean . nice breakfast and staff be helpful with direction to chicago site .
good love the shower the balcony be a great to hear chicago sound at night . we will for sure be back .
the breakfast could have be better by include some hot food . the bed and pillow be very comfy . the room be nice and clean . the staff be very friendly .
bad overnight parking fee high . good customer service ... staff always acknowledge us when we enter and depart the building .
bad nothing we have an amazing trip . good the staff be all incredible so friendly and helpful . the bed be like heaven to sleep on it be so comfortable . i love the size of the room and the bathroom . very impressed with this hotel
bad nothing . good location size of room cocktail lounge from 5 pm to 8 pm size of bathroom
good great room at a perfect location .
bad crazy static electricity in the room during winter . good awesome place and service .
good impeccable service . beautiful hotel . don t hesitate to stay here
bad i have someone party and play super loud music above me or next to me all night . get no sleep .
good love our room bed breakfast buffet fridge in room free wifi location happy hour and outstanding suggestion and great help from concierge ken . highly recommend this hotel .
good the convienance to everything . just by walk out the front door of kinzie hotel .
bad our room view be pretty poor as it be look out and into adjacent old building and see right into other apartment . have to totally close blind for any privacy . that block all of the natural lighting . a suggestion or 2 . let people know where their room be locate within the facility so they could ask for a different view if it be available . 2 . have blind that pull up from the bottom instead of down from the top would allow some privacy from close building and still allow some natural light into the room that have this issue . additionally some kind of break on parking would be a great addition . our parking cost almost as much as one night stay . good social hour be unexpected and fun . make some new friend
good no fuss no hassle deliver exactly what it say .
bad i want to watch netflix and couldn t but they say netflix be come by the end of august the hotel be get new tv system to watch my show so my one negative will be fix . good the staff be amazingly friendly breakfast be on each guest room floor and get to have breakfast in bed free food and drink in the lounge every night . it be so easy to get around the city . most of it be within walk distance but i take the l to wrigley field . super easy free wifi as well .
bad absolutely nothing . good such a relax hotel in the hub of the city . breakfast locate on each floor next to the lift be great bed be sooo comfy bathroom fab and the view stunning . cocktail hour with nibble each night be such a nice touch . what make the kinzie thou be the staff
good best sleep i ve have at a hotel
stay a few day while on business big mistake . i don t want an experience from my hotel i want value for my money . no closet no dresser no coffee maker no frig no microwave no bathtub no iron no ice machine no room service no workspace and of course no free breakfast . they give you a poker chip for one free coffee or drink . it be gear towards those who don t need any of these amenity and want to hang out in a noisy bar environment for your computer work . they give you a small tray table about 15x15 inch to work on in your room that doesn t cut it for me . i get the revenue play with put more room in a much small piece of real estate but for the nightly cost a business traveler can find much nicer hotel in chicago . i would suggest an improvement would be to have a fold up table on the wall and a chair at least . traveler beware if your be on business especially a woman this be most likely not the place for you unless you just want taco and the free lollypop from room service . i think the do not disturb sign with the young guy in his under ware hug a teddy bear say it all .
good the location be perfect the hotel spa be very good with variety of service the staff be extra friendly the room be clean . would defiantly come again .
bad no parking . good location room look additional appetizer
good all the staff be genuinely friendly .
bad i do not like the anchovy in the caesar dressing . good bed and pillow be the best
good perfect hotel
good great location . staff be amazing
bad would ve love a bit larger room . we end up have to get a second room for our kid older kid since the suite be simply too tight for all of us . my husband say the mattress be about ready to be replace . and we think it be funny that there be a sign on the toiletry say that they would charge for these if take home . but overall we really have a great time and love the environment . good love the staff very friendly and helpful with good recommendation . we love the attach restaurant for coffee and breakfast . the overall atmosphere be very cool and well do . and the location for us be great .
good everything i travel the world since i be i child and i never see a hotel like zetta hotel it s amazing .
bad breakfast can be better . good everthing be perfect
bad our ac be not work but they provide us with a portable fan which help . it be nice they provide water and snack bar be stock with a variety of thing . good central to lot of site and walk around be convenient
good the staff be professional friendly and eager to please . it be our anniversary and a lovely bottle of wine be wait for us on arrival which be a really lovely touch . the cavalier bar restaurant be super and make sure you have liam mix up one of his fabulous cocktail very central location but nice and quite hotel .
bad nada . good amenity staff decor room
good love the contemporary look with all of the art great location and friendly helpful staff . it be walk distance to the san francisco museum of art and to great shopping
bad appetizer at the bar could have be better . no view but we weren t look for that . hot tub would have be nice . good we get a great price though booking.com at this awesome boutique hotel . feel like we win the lottery . the decor in the lobby bar and room be trendy . they have a game room with pool shuffle board ping pong giant jenga and a wii . my boyfriend and i have it all to ourselves one night . we keep get drink from the bar and we have a blast . didn t need to go out that night we book there because we want to be in walk distance of the giants game at att park . have a great time at the game even though giant lose that one . we like the exercise room . they actually have more than just treadmill we like it because we like to lift weight and we be able to get a moderate workout . book it
bad my preference for a mattress be more on the harder side so my back be rather sore in the morning after wake up . but it seem like most american hotel have rather soft bed so i be not sure if this be something that bother other people or not .
good the staff be above and beyond friendly and it s not insincere . just great personality . upgrade our room for my gf s birthday and a complimentary bottle of wine . nice touch
we have an absolutely delightful stay at the charming 1906 lodge . it s hard to know where to begin describe all the positive aspect of stay there our room the plunge be spacious and clean . breakfast in the morning be a culinary treat . a cold buffet and hot entre be both available . we make use of the cruiser bike and love ... more
home 2 not only have an excellent location walk distance to the convention center read terminal market china town liberty bell and south street . but be the best hotel i have stay in with in the city itself . room be very large and clean . the bed be comfortable . i love this place not only be this place modern but it s super clean quiet . full kitchen include a dishwasher . there be a pod coffee maker with ton of pod to choose from . excellent coffee bar in lobby and a large breakfast buffet be included.i would definitely stay here again a dear angelicvixen i would like to thank you for choose the home2 suite by hilton philadelphia for your recent stay . i appreciate all of your wonderful comment and i be glad you enjoy your stay with us with so many choice here in center city philadelphia we greatly appreciate your business and look forward to welcome you back soon until then ... with hospitality jason bloom general managerhome2 suite by hiltonyour second home away from home
overall miserable experience . front desk be very unresponsive from start to finish at this hilton location . manager have a very confrontational attitude and certainly do not treat her guest like i be accustom at other higher end hilton property . she certainly make it clear your word isn t good enough unless she can see the mess up room detail for herself .... more
good location nice breakfast . front desk customer service leave a lot to be desire . the staff be pleasant sometimes and indifferent to rude at other time . never receive my room upgrade either .
great spot with kid and family . would definitely stay here again . clean room and friendly staff . convenient to read market . nice to have breakfast include and hot coffee available all day . kid love the pool although it be small .
the hotel be ideally locate in center city across the street from read terminal market . they do a nice job modernize this hotel . it be also very clean . check in be great . i be in town for the night and book a room last minute . i have 4 adult in one room and when i book the only available option be 1 queen and 1 sofa bed in a room . i ask if they have any room available with 2 bed and they be able to accommodate me last minute which be great . also at checkin they provide 2 cold bottle of water which be a nice touch . the room be very clean nice . the room have a full refrigerator sink microwave dishwasher coffee machine . the bathroom be simple my room have a standing shower with a glass door . the pool be simple and on the smaller side . parking like every other hotel be expensive and you will find better option search on your phone to park yourself . the complimentary breakfast be solid they offer waffle yogurt juice prepackage omlet and breakfast sandwich that be very good . i have be to philly many time over the year for eagle game and stay at 20 hotel in the city and home2 suite would definitely be in my top 3 . i highly recommend it dear matthew i would like to thank you for choose the home2 suite by hilton philadelphia for your recent stay . i appreciate all of your wonderful comment and i be glad you enjoy your stay with us with so many choice here in center city philadelphia we greatly appreciate your business and look forward to welcome you back soon until then ... with hospitality jason bloom general managerhome2 suite by hiltonyour second home away from home
very clean and comfortable room . kitchenette include in the room . all staff be friendly and helpful . great lobby and an excellent breakfast . wonderful location right across from the philadelphia convention center and read market . the southeast pennsylvania regional transit association rail terminal and train to the airport be next to the reading terminal . easy walk to independence mall . lot of shop and eat nearby .
i wish i could separate the room experience from the breakfast experience but i can t because have breakfast include be a huge part of why we choose this hotel . not enough seating not enough staff and most importantly not enough food . today be our third breakfast here and they have run out of food each day . today they be out of milk and wait for a delivery . we buy milk from the hotel store to put on cereal and then realize it be expire . guest be line up six or 7 deep wait for the breakfast sandwich to be replenish . as we sit here now it have be 30 minute and there be still no milk . that say the room itself have be very pleasant . just don t plan on eat breakfast here .
excellent customer service and very easy check in process . the room be spacious and bed be comfortable . the location be great for not only the convention center but be a quick subway trip or walk distance to most of philadelphia most famous attraction . and have the read terminal market directly across the street be a great add bonus . there be several very good dining choice very close by . the add security of have to use your room key to enter the hotel and use the elevator be a great feature . overall this be a great hotel stay and recommend use home2 suite . we will definitely look forward to stay here again .dear saturn445 i would like to thank you for choose the home2 suite by hilton philadelphia for your recent stay . i appreciate all of your great comment and i be glad you enjoy your stay with us with so many choice here in center city philadelphia we greatly appreciate your business and look forward to welcome you back soon until then ... with hospitality jason bloom general managerhome2 suite by hiltonyour second home away from home
we finish business outside philly early and take a chance on a room at home2 . friendly front desk have 3 of us check in within minute . large clean well appoint suite with comfy bed and enormous bathroom await us . perfect location to walk to eat shop catch a train for other point within philly or direct to airport . my flight be delay and they provide me with a late check out no problem . plan to return with my family definite yes for anyone stay in center city .
this be my first stay at a home2 and i be very pleased . the staff be excellent the hotel clean and well appoint and breakfast be good and plentiful . the fitness center have sufficient equipment but at least one machine do not work right and be not take out of service repair during my week long stay .
perfect location in the center of the city . right across the strret from the market . and 5 min walk to take the phlash bus loop around the city ride all day 5 buck per person . for craft beer lover 10 minute walk to bru on chesnut street with a huge tap line change every day . omar and thomas at ... more
across from read terminal . very close to convention center . parking next door . new room well decorate and very spacious . large bathroom . i didn t eat breakfast however it look great and have many optionsdear 650tanyad i would like to thank you for choose the home2 suite by hilton philadelphia for your recent stay . i appreciate all of your nice comment and i be glad you enjoy your stay with us with so many choice here in center city philadelphia we greatly appreciate your business and look forward to welcome you back soon until then ... with hospitality jason bloom general managerhome2 suite by hiltonyour second home away from home
i would highly recommend stay at this hotel . the room be spacious and highly accommodate . the hotel be clean . the food market locate directly across the street be very interesting and they have anything you could possibly be crave . the coffee downstairs be free with to go cup and it s actually delicious.dear barbieann12 i would like to thank you for choose the home2 suite by hilton philadelphia for your recent stay . i appreciate all of your great comment and i be glad you enjoy your stay with us with so many choice here in center city philadelphia we greatly appreciate your business and look forward to welcome you back soon until then ... with hospitality jason bloom general managerhome2 suite by hiltonyour second home away from home
hotel be clean lobby be great . room be nice good size clean . mattress on bed be not great but not terrible . breakfast food could be improve and the staff at the breakfast bar not friendly or helpful . but this hotel be in an excellent location in philadelphia right across the street from the read terminal market and near the historic ... more
recently spend two night at this hotel . location be convenient to subway . short walk to penn station . many restaurant in the area . not many amenity here . everything seem well worn but clean . staff pleasant and helpful . not inexpensive .
the hotel be situate in the perfect spot for all the attraction and within walk distance of most of them . the hotel be clean and just right for what we want nothing too flashy not overly expensive and very clean . we have a great view and could see the top of the empire state building from our window . the staff be all very pleasant and helpful . the subway be just around the corner and there be plenty of place to eat . our stay at the chelsea savoy hotel be a happy one we would definitely stay there again .
stay here for a short stay in chicago easy for travel as it s no more than a five minute walk from jackson station on the blue line from the airport.the hotel be conveniently locate for downtown location some such as sears tower be within easy walk distance while other be no more than a short cab ride or a hop on the blue or red line away.while not huge the room we have be clean tidy and have everything we need . the staff be friendly and helpful.my only minor moan would be that we make the booking well in advance and the room rate seem to be a good bit higher than that quote on line by the hotel just before we leave .
this be a good place to go if you re just there for a night and you ve spend all your money on hamilton ticket . it s very close to the theater and be the price be nice compare to other hotel nearby . very kind of them to have water bottle and water station by the elevators.dear ifitsnotbaraquenice to read that we be there to help you enjoy hamilton . we always have great deal and complimentary amenity leave more to be spend on enjoy this great citycome see us again soonkind regardspaul tiernanhotel manager
room be a bit small but you be in chicago and don t spend much time in the room . everything be very clean . location be excellent . close to restaurant and attraction . pillow be wonderful . fresh water and bottle available on each floor . coffee and snack in lounge morning and evening
well they do it again . after a stay at this hotel back in august and the absolutely fabulous service from erin loughlin i keep my promise of never stay anywhere else when i visit chicago . and because i love the great city of chicago i have to go back . this time i have no question where my lodging would be as i trek to and fro across the city street . i love the personal service . i have tell so many people about my great experience and i hope they choose to patronize this great hotel too . like arnold schwarzenegger say i will be back
this hotel be barebone ugly and have zero amenity . the people be nice it be clean and the location be decent for someone who have business in the loop . however there be multiple other hotel right nearby that be much better .
i have a room on the 9th floor . suppose to be a small room but in reality be very adequate with a king size bed . comfortable and total pay on booking.com be 88 i be walk distance to the southshore train which i use to travel from michigan city indiana . i arrive early 10 45am and i have plan to ask them to just hold my overnight bag but they say my room be ready so i be check in by 11 am wow every staff member be very helpful and i enjoy dinner at the elephant and castle restaurant affiliate with the hotel . excellent food and beverage .
overall i enjoy my stay in this hotel . the staff be very courteous and helpful at all time . i have to ask to be move after my first night my original room smell very musty i think it be cigarette smoke even though it be a non smoking hotel . they promptly move me the follow day to a much nicer room on the 10th floor . i must say though i think it be a bit inappropriate that on the morning when i be move one male member of staff at least i think be very condescending to another staff member in front of me insist several time that she call housekeeping to clean my previous room straight away he could ve wait until i wasn t stand there as she have her hand full try to move me to a different room . aside from that though all of the other member of staff be first class . the furniture be a bit dated as well however for a budget ish hotel it be more than adequate . good water pressure too in the shower .
the central loop hotel be in a super convenient location for walk to the art institute restaurant and shop on state street . i arrive by train and it be just a couple of block walk to the hotel . the manager and front desk staff be very helpful and nice . the room be pretty basic but clean and neat . feel safe and secure . the only downside be the hotel practice of place a deposit on my credit card for any incidental charge . i really don t like that practice . i notice that i be not the only one another hotel guest be complain about it at the front counter while i be there . my hotel charge be pay in advance as a birthday gift from a family member so i think i be all take care of and then find out that i have to give them my credit card just in case there be any charge in addition . of course there weren t any additional charge when i check out . i just don t like have to do something like this .
grant the room in this hotel be not enormous but the high standard of service and spotlessly clean room make up for it . the location be perfect and the huge lounge area fill with computer that actually work be a great access . the front desk staff be charm live up to the reputation of customer service . the other great asset be the fact there be door locate between the hotel and the restaurant next door . it rain one night during our stay so we be happy to take advantage of the restaurant which incidentally become our choice of breakfast venue as well.dear juliethank you so much for so many kind comment and observations.i be delighted that you have such an enjoyable stay with us and be well look after . i be glad that you also enjoy the elephant castle restaurant it offer great value for money service and very convenient opening hour especially for the night owl . come see us again soon.regardspaul tiernanhotel manager
i head to chicago to celebrate with friend all of our september birthday and the central loop hotel be amazing . great location great service and so comfortable and clean . i would describe it as a new york style room small but certainly roomy . the bed be amazing the pillow so soft and fluffy and my entire experience 3 day be great . the staff be incredibly helpful and find me a room that be ready for an early check in . i really like that on each floor at the elevator they have a purify water station and empty seal water bottle for the guest use . what a great idea . the attach elephant castle be a great spot for a cocktail or breakfast .
good location it s close to museum that i love . room be clean comfortable and appeal moderate size . there s cold water to refill your water bottle . the price be affordable . i feel as if it be a safe area and i have no worry or concern about the location . i enjoy the next door restaurant . it s an easy breakfast location.since i be stay by myself i would have enjoy a movie channel to buy from but i never find it.good coffee for the morning.dear marjiethank you for your review and i be so glad that we succeed in look after you on many area s. i have pass on your comment to our housekeeping department as we all know that provide a clean room be essential and it be something we all take great pride in.when you be next in chicago we would be delighted to look after you again.kind regardspaul tiernan hotel manager
my boyfriend and i be take a road trip to las vegas start in mi and we plan to stop in chicago for a night . i find this hotel online and after see the location as well as the price i be sell . when we arrive the valet personnel be extremely helpful . they give us a map to where we could self park if we weren t interested in use valet which be only about 2 block away . while he park i have someone assist me with our bag . they be quick and very friendly tell me all the thing we should do during our short stay . when i get to the room everything be nice and clean and though previous review say that the room be too small i find that it be just what we need for a night . the bed be comfortable there be enough room to put our multiple bag suitcase . the bathroom be very clean and the shower have a hand hold shower head which be nice . we be visit family that evening so we want to bring a dessert to them . we ask who i believe be the manager there where the nicest closest bakery be and he tell us about magnolia . the dessert be incredible a very good recommendation . the next morning we order room service for breakfast from the restaurant downstairs because we be too comfy to even get out of bed . the food be bring up very quickly and be not too expensive at all plus it be delicious . the only downside to the stay be that you have to pay for parking once again if you choose to leave and come back . however everything else be great . there be a starbuck right next door as well as several shopping store within walk distance . the hotel staff that we have the pleasure of interact with be all very kind and helpful . we will definitely be come back for our next trip to chicago .
i would like to thank guest service manager rena for make my stay special . i have a very nice talk with her about her career at marriott . she be quick to let me know how proud she be of her staff . she should be they be wonderful . from the time i check in her entire staff make me feel welcome and very comfortable . emily in the restaurant suggest a couple of her go to special and she be right on . delicious the hotel be in immaculate condition . the room be large and very quiet . sleep on the road can be difficult . no problem here . i sleep like a baby . thank you again rena ..... i highly recommend this hotel for business travel and family travel for all occasions.hi tom thank you so much for your outstanding review rena be well respected for her outstanding customer service and i will be sure she be aware that you mention her in your review . i m very happy that you be able to enjoy our in house restaurant palette and find the food to be delicious . i will also be sure to let housekeeping know how happy you be with your room cleanliness and the clean public space . we work hard to ensure all our guest stay be as pleasurable as yours was.we look forward to be of service to you once again when you return to las vegas safe travel
nice staff room almost too small to turn around in . kind of dirty feeling bed should ve be replace five year ago . can hear every noise next door and in the hall .
overall great stay room be small but cozy ... great fire place near bar to sit and drink wine . staff be good except this one lady i may go to extent of call her border line racist the reason we be travel to lake tahoe and ask hotel staff that can we leave our extra luggage at our check out and pick it up once we be back we be tell yes we can but on the day we be leave she tell us they will not we tell her that you guy say you can ... so what have change to that she do not have any answer . it be a very bad experience and significantly delay our travel to lake tahoe while try to figure out what to do with extra luggage .
close to the river with shop and restaurant . uber taxi over and enjoy yourself for the night . they use to have a great full breakfast include but now it cost 16 bummer . staff be helpful and polite . you be 10 minute to downtown napa .
ill be back clean and comfortable with staff that will go above and beyond to make your stay wonderful . we come here for the napa to sanoma half marathon and we be quite pleased with our choice . we know we would not be in the room much so price be what we be look for . the napa valley be not cheep but i feel the price here be reasonable . the convenience of the shuttle to the start of the race be also a selling point for us . we see many people drive here that morning parking across street to get here in time for the shuttle . and right across the street be a nice shopping center with many shop and fast food . well do best western ... well do thank you so much for your review . we be really pleased you enjoy your stay and hope you come visit us again .
walk in to the room and be greet by an overpower stench of disinfectant . we open all the window but it take several day for the smell to disappear . ceiling be extremely thin and so you hear anyone walk around upstairs well into the late hour of the night . every morning we find broken glass in the parking lot probably from a late night patron of the breakfast joint next door . for 240 buck per night i would have expect far less problem . i share these issue with the front desk and they say they would put us in an upstairs room on our next visit . this be obviously an old motel turn into a best western . we win t be back.thank you for complete the survey regard your recent stay at our property . on behalf of our entire team i would like to apologize for not exceed your expectation . your satisfaction be important to us and we will be use the feedback you give us to implement improvement to ensure we offer a better experience for guest in the future . we have always be a best western and have just go through a 100 remodel of our property i hope that you will consider stay with us again so that we can have another chance to provide you with a superior experience .
spend 3 night at the bw pluss inn at the vine locate just outside of downtown napa . perfect location for what we need . recommend use uber for transportation so easy and fast . it appear that there be plenty of parking available in the downtown area but we prefer to walk and enjoy.twincitygrl thank you for take the time to review our property . we be conveniently only 1 mile from downtown napa so a quick cab ride away and you re in the heart of everything . we hope you come and see us again soon .
spotless room comfortable bed free wi fi caring and efficient staff . well locate near the downtown area close to main highway and winery . plenty of parking elevator to 2nd and third floor coffee and tea in room denny s restaurant next door.stan we be glad you have a great stay . clean room comfortable bed and great service be what we strive for . come back and see as again .
my family and i have a wonderful stay great service and hospitality . we be look forward to stay again thank you for choose to stay with us and we look forward to see you on your next visit to napa .
this be the quietest nice friendly hotel i ve be in for year . service be second to none . clean clean clean . perfect location for access to all napa winery . lot of room not cramp in as usual in hotel . staff be so friendly and helpful gladly help with any question . will go back for sure price be decent consider the area.thank you for your review and we be glad you enjoy your stay . we be here to make your stay as enjoyable as possible . we will see you the next time your in the area .
the best western inn at the vine be conveniently locate to the main entrance of the napa valley right near across the street walk distance to multiple place for shop entertainment gas and dining . i have an easy relax time at this hotel . the hotel staff be friendly informative and always helpful with my question . the room be modern clean and quiet . there be also a restaurant on site with a discount for hotel guest . i really enjoy my stay and plan to return on my next trip to the napa valley.shawn r thank you for your kind review . our location be very conveniently locate close to shopping restaurant and the downtown area . we be thrill your stay with us be so satisfying and look forward to see you again .
the room be very clean large room and have a nice decor . it be centrally locate to various winery outlett restaurant and downtown area . base on our overall experience we will definitely return to this hotel.it be a pleasure have you as our guest for your anniversary . we be glad you enjoy your stay and will see you on your next visit .
the review on this best western be all over the range of score but we all stay at the same motel . go figure this be a basic service motel in an upscale county napa . don t come here expect frill and fancy decor . and what s wrong with eat breakfast at dennys we use the coupon and our breakfast cost about 2 plus tip . if you be here to tour the wine country there be probably better place to stay . if you be just look for a place in napa to spend a night or two please give this place your consideration . we arrive here on our way to sonoma county and need a place to stay for 1 night . the best western suit our need . our room be clean and the furniture be in good shape . i can t speak to the ammenitie since we just use the best western as a place to sleep clean up and hit the road .
our stay be perfect . the room be immaculate and location be great.the people at the front desk be so accommodate and helpful.we arrive early and they get us a room before check in time.they give helpful restaurant choice as well hey dianne we be happy you enjoy your stay please come back and see us again cheer
we stay at this hotel several time during the year while visit family . always have a peaceful and comfortable sleep . the bed be very comfortable and the breakfast item be a nice touch for a quick grab and go if you don t have time to go to the restaurant next door . there be many different restaurant nearby also . usually the road noise be very minimal . great choice for traveler close to everything in the napa valley . shirley a thank you for take the time to write such a kind review . we do our best to make sure everyone s stay be as pleasant as yours be . we look forward to your next visit . thank you genafer director of sale
i come in late after a long drive from vegas end in a whole lot of highway exit and concentration to get to napa i be greet by a friendly night staff who be expect me and not sure of his name make me feel more relaxed immediately . i even get a little welcome pack with a snack and water . that be much appreciate breakfast be not include fruit and granola bar be out in the lobby . a hotel discount be offer at the friendly denny s next door . my room be quiet and all 3 of the morning staff be incredibly helpful the next morning help me map out my day of drive and help me choose and book my next hotel . the hotel be a convienent location not too far off the main highway . near all service and mall if needed.we be glad you enjoy your stay with us and look foward to see you on your next visit to the napa valley
inn at the vine be always a great stay in napa vallley . good room and nice friendly employee make this a wonderful stay . great price value we do not use the free breakfast at dennys but still nice that be include . good location for visit wine country .
i love the best western plus product . the room be always big and clean.this be my first visit to napa the area be beautiful . i pick this locating use my airline discount site which post good review as well.the staff be very friendly and accommodating . we receive a 3rd floor room above the lobby which afford us a great view . even though our balcony overlook the road we never hear any traffic noise . there be plenty of shopping and food option right across the street.we drive to downtown napa and find plenty of great option for shopping and dining as well . i recommend go down there for good local flavor . i would discourage use your phone as your gps to get around to various vineyard we have two different map go but keep lose our signal . either bring your garman etc . or ask the rental car agency for one just in case.thank you for your detailed review and we be glad you enjoy your stay .
i have a different opinion of best western after stay at this hotel . very very nice accommodation for the price . i would definitely go back again we be glad we surprise you our newest surprise in store be a workout room business center and guest laundry . we should have them up and run by your next visit to napa . ps sorry to ruin the surprise
very nice motel on busy intersection but room be locate toward back of property so noise not too bad . interior corridor access restrict w card lock open w room key so w level of additional security for single woman . have elevator to 2nd and 3rd floor . room spotless clean everything in great condition . newfangle heat ac control w instruction thank goodness work well . shower w shower massage very nice touch . be very comfortable stay . would definitely stay again .
my husband and i make our first trip to napa recently and stay at the inn at the vine hotel . we be greet with a smile and the staff be very friendly . genafer ask if this be our first visit to napa and offer to give us a few place they suggest we visit during our stay . our room be quite and cozy and the bed be super comfortable for a hotel genafer and the other woman in the office be both very friendly and i plan on stay there again when i go back in october rhonda s thank you so much for take the time to write such a nice review and we look forward to you and your husband visit in october . make sure to ask for me when you arrive and i will make sure to have more suggestion for you .
charge me for the night that didn t stay . i book through booking.com and keep tell me to contact booking.com and they didn t take any responsibility . there be no confirmation email or call for my booking . 0 customer service.myat thu l after review your reservation . i show 2 room that be book for arrival of 12 06 15 through a third party website . you should have receive confirmation for these booking through the third party you book them through . unfortunately nobody show up for arrival on 12 06 and the reservation be charge first night room and tax for a no show .
comfortable bed nice pool and hot tub . computer room very handy since i didn t bring a laptop or iphone . good fitness center . great bonus be a coupon for a free full breakfast at next door s denny s.thank you for your review and we be glad you enjoy your stay
best western plus inn at the vine be locate perfectly in napa valley . short distance to shop downtown nightlife and my favorite winery . they offer breakfast at denny s which be a short walk from the hotel . the hotel landscape be eye catch sort of romantic every time you drive into the parking lot . the amenity they offer be very nice excellent fitness room wiifi and pool area.traveler2016now wow thank you for take the time to write such a glowing review it sound like you have a memorable visit to napa and this make me smile we hope to offer you a stellar time next time you be in town .
my husband and i recently stay at the best western plus inn at the vine on our trip to napa . as soon as we arrive we be greet by a very helpful front desk clerk who make sure we have everything we need . the room we clean and very nice . overall i d give this hotel a 100 and i d definitely come again ronda s we be so glad you enjoy your stay with us . come back soon
this motel be in an excellent location at a reasonable price for the area . the room be very clean and have a refrigerator and microwave . it be about a five minute drive from the downtown area . if you be a best western reward member the room charge include a breakfast at denny s which be locate on the same property . it be not the regular breakfast menu however it have a variety of selection and we be happy with the amount of food provided.cinann thank you for take the time to write this review . our entire staff take pride in our hotel and it show inside and out . our price be very reasonable for the napa valley . be just a few minute from downtown napa and winery in the area you just can t beat that . thank you for be a best western reward member and we hope you visit us again soon . genafer director of sale
great place to stay in a beautiful area of the country .. highly recommend as a place to stay while in the napa san francisco area denny s on property and very good size room for three adult very clean excellent staffthank you for your review and i be glad you enjoy your stay
i pay over 190 . the picture look nice but they be deceptive . the outside look like a motel 6 . the room be nice on the inside with modern decor but the staff be extremely rude . i travel a lot domestically and internationally . this be a very unique experience in the way i be treat upon arrival . i would not recommend this hotel . i should have either stay at a bargain hotel or go for it and spend the 400 to stay at a nice place downtown.melissa r please let me start by apologize to you for your disappointing stay . our practice be to make sure all our guest feel warm welcome . i would very much like to speak with you so that i may get more detail regard your experience . i can be reach directly at 707 257 1930 . ext 150 . thank you genafer vattuone
my 93 year old mother and caregiver be evacuate due to the fire . this best western make every accommodation to make them welcome and comfortable . they do not jack the rate up know there would be hundred of people look for a place to stay . they do not charge extra for leave sooner than expect . they behave as compassionately as possible .
the location of this place be very centrally locate to everywhere we want to go . we go to napa to view the winery and take a bike ride through the vinyard and then to san francisco and off to sonoma . great location.we be so thrilled you have a great time in napa . please come see us again .
i coordinate a group of 23 visit napa during the grape harvest in october and we book the entire group into the best western plus inn at the vine . first let me say if you be a snob and really into posh place with fancy marble lobby floor fluffy robe on the hook perky concierge behind a big desk etc . this may not be for you . but if you like to get real value service and comfortable accommodation for a modest price you can not beat the inn at the vine . it be family own and operate several generation and the service and sense of community be notable in this day and age . the place have be update and have all the feature you need .. clean well furnished room flat screen very comfortable bed we have king bed room great towel and organic soap . to some earlier review about highway noise we find it minimal and no one in our group complain . yes i do hear the occasional truck early in the morning or california kid with a flowmaster exhaust do a jack rabbit start from the intersectionagain it be not a problem . ask for a room in the back of the hotel . front desk manager shanirra do an exceptional job book our customize winery tour restaurant reservation and balloon ride . as our person on the ground in napa she be in our corner every step of the way and play a large part of a successful three day in napa at the front desk melody shawn and bertha be always helpful upbeat and service minded . complimentary hotel breakfast be a joke at many hotels.not so at the inn at the vine . there be a dennys on the property and you get a legitimate complimentary hot breakfast at the restaurant not some dinky room off the lobby . try egg any way you want bacon sausage and pancake toast and coffee . you can not beat it unless you must have egg benedict and mimosas . the owner be continuously make improvement to keep up with newer hotel . during out stay a fitness center and business center be under construction . botom line when visit napa in the future i will stay at the inn at the vine again . our entire group be pleased.ed it be a pleasure meeting you and host your group for your stay in the napa valley . i enjoy hear your story of what happen at the castle . yes shanirra be a great employee who be always the first to try out new restaurant and tour . all of our employee keep up to date on all there be to do in the valley . we be family run 4th generation and as you see we take pride in our hotel . i be glad your group enjoy their stay and maybe we can make this an annual event .
great location in napa ca . check in be very good . nice breakfast at denny s. room very clean everything in work order . upgrade because of my diamond status . i will stay here again nice restaurant in the area downtown area.debra we be glad you have an enjoyable stay . thank you for be a diamond member of best western reward we appriciate it . rewards have it s perk free upgrade hot breakfast at dennys early check in and late check out when available . come back and see us again .
it be always the staff experience that provide to customer that s why i like stay at best western in napa . they always do an extra mile and never forget to smile even the housekeeping they be very polite and always with a smile when they greet you.armandmariano c wow thank you so much for such a kind review . i agree the staff experience make all the difference . our staff here be stellar and i will make sure to share these kind word with all of them . we look forward to your next visit . thank you again genafer director of sale
as it be both of our birthday and anniversary weekend we ask for an upper floor roorm quiet away from the street in the back . all of our request be grant . we have a 3rd floor room with a balcony in the back over the pool . also the housekeeping staff have make swans out of the towel in shape of a heart which be on our bed . this go way above and beyond . thank you melody and all of the bw staff for make our stay memorable . we will definetly be back.thank you for the high five melody be a great asset to our hotel and we be glad you enjoy the swans and your stay . hope to see you again soon
overall i rate this hotel as average in some area and above in other . first the good price consider the napa valley location it be a good value at check in we receive our free breakfast coupon for denny s adjacent to hotel . the location make it easy to get downtown or cross the bridge to hwy 29 . staff at the hotel be very friendly and helpful its like they get it be friendly to your guest and they will either return or recommend your hotel to others.average in outside noise be noticeable door close street noise people walk in room above you shower in the morning ... etc . hotel be somewhat dated yet clean and pretty well cared for.i would stay here again.thank you for stay with us . we be always work on upgrade our hotel . we be in the process of add a workout room guest laundry and business center . customer service be always number one with us and we will see you again on your next visit to the napa .
clean hotel but the noise and vibration from people walk outside to the bathroom fan in other room reverberate right through the bed . very poor insulation . definitely not worth 140 a night . napa city be highly over rate . if you be go for wine then stay in the small town up the valley like st helena.thank you for your review . i be sorry for any noise you encounter during your stay with us . i will look into the fan noise and get it replace at once .
the maid be very helpful room be excellent melinda at the front desk be terrific too as i have state i need to check in earlier than 4 p.m. mu room wasn t ready i have to wait an hour and a half .
this place be a dud .. swimming pool be more like a bath tub ... the view from the balcony be of a traffic light .... location be not bad but not next door to vineyard ... worthy of no more than 75 90.thank you for your review . we be always try to lead in the best value in the napa valley . during the harvest season the demand be very high and we be inline with our competition and our average rate be one of the lowest in the valley . tip best hotel rate be between november 11th and april 30th .
good location convenient to drive through the vineyard district and excellent downtown restaurant . relatively new well maintain hotel with large bright attactive spotless comfortable room . we must praise the staff and be greatful for their good natured spot on advice . shawn be on duty when we arrive . she give us great advice for drive and restaurant love ristorante allegria and she even go online to compile a list kid friendly vineyard . we should also mention shanirra who be on duty in the daytime . the breakfast include in the price of the room be serve in the adjacent denny s. food be standard but service be a bit slow . to be fair it be a very busy weekend . i do not hesitate to recommend this hotel to our friend and we will certainly stay there again . by the way i think you can help hotel save money and maybe get you a better price by call them direct rather than use third party reseller . like priceline travelocity etc . thank you for your review . we strive to give the best customer service possible to make everyone experience enjoyable . shawn and shanirra be a great value to our staff and i be pleased they have the advise and information you need . you be right either book direct or at bestwestern.com for the best price . we will see you again the next time your in the area .
we spend four day at this hotel and it be a good experience . we want to visit napa valley but many on the inn and hotel be very expensive . we certainly be not plan to spend much time at the hotel and just want something comfortable and convenient . it be locate a 5 minute drive from downtown napa and 10 minute away from the wine train station . there be many thing nearby if you need stuff . there be a dennys next to the hotel and a target applebees ihop and many more fast food restaurant just across the road . since we be travel with kid it be good to have different option . the hotel be very basic but well keep . the room be big and comfortable and so be the bathroom . there be a tiny pool and hot tub outside . the kid like that . we enjoy our experience there.we be very happy that you our world travler from china enjoy your stay with us . if you ever get back to napa we look foward to be your home away from home again .
i wish tripadvisor have 1 2 star for our use because i would have give this a 2 1 2 ... 3 be too high . this be our first hotel of 8 different one on our napa pacific coast vacation so i have a lot to compare it to . i have many other review on this site and i try to be fair when review any property we ve say at.having say that ..... it be my first experience at a best western brand and if this be a plus property i would not want to stay at a non plus one.i disagree with the person respond to all of the other review ... this be not a good value or comparable value to other hotel in the area . who be you compare yourself with when compare property you need to look at the amenity of hotel in your price range . you be price as high as other property but those property have better more amenity or be closer to vineyard therefore it s not a fair comparison . it s like compare apple and orange ... both fruit but there be many different quality . now back to the property .... don t expect to see any vine even though the word be in the name . this be locate on a very busy road surround by store and restaurant . if that s what you re look for great book it just be aware that there will be a lot of traffic noise and light polution.con .... the pool s capacity be 8 people . that should tell you something about the size . i d guess it s 8x10 that s probably a generous estimate . in my opinion put in a couple of extra hottub instead of the tiny pool would have be more beneficial . the balcony we have be so closed in and dark . the solid front and side don t allow you to see anything when sit in the chair not that the view be great .... we look out over denny s roof and a traffic light . oh dennys . sigh ..... go our first 2 morning . order the free entree of 2 egg 2 pancake and 2 bacon or sausage . get a hot entree i guess be impossible the food be cold to the touch . my husband face the kitchen and see the breakfast sit up on the counter for a long period of time before the waitress bother to serve it . there be maybe 4 other party in the restaurant at the time not busy at all . the tea water be luke warm at best . total waste of my time.location ... not your romantic getaway place by any mean . about 20 to 25 minute to the heart of napa s wine country depend on traffic . in hinesight i would not have book this hotel if not for the many now suspicious in my mind ... review . i find it hard to believe that this many people think this hotel be the best . really after spend 3 day in napa and see many other hotel closer to the winery i question the validity of these raving reviews.pro .... yes there be a few ... i promise a fair review and that s what i deliver.shower .... best shower head of any hotel . in fact i m look for one for my own shower.cleanliness .... our room be very clean . small in size in comparison to other hotel on our trip and just an armoire instead of a closet . microwave fridge and coffee pot be a nice convenience.bed pillow .... very comfortable.so if you re look for a clean place to sleep that s a bit overpriced than book this hotel . if you want to see vineyard from your balcony and sit by a nice pool ... don t book this property . at most i would expect to pay under 100 a night for this property base on it s location and lack of amenity . all the renovation in the world don t matter to me if they re not available when i m there . they need to charge accordingly.we pay 537 for saturday sunday and monday evening . i now know we could have spend the same money and stay at a better property . oh well live and learn.thank you for your detailed review . first we do compare our hotel to our competition by actually go to all the hotel in our class and look at their room and overall condition of their property . each hotel will have their plus and minus . we also shop price on a daily basis and we make sure we be competitive in our market . we actually have all the price of the hotel on the day you stay and only one hotel be less than our price and its locate 9 mile south of napa further away from the vineyard . on average you would have pay between 75 200 more for your stay in a comparable hotel.all best western that have at least a 3 diamond recognition from aaa have the opportunity to be a plus property as long as they have a pip property improvement plan in place . with the cost that run in the hundred of thousand of dollar it will take time for each property to complete . there be a time frame on complete this and we be well ahead of the deadline . our rate be similar to last year before plus and we have add breakfast at dennys and many more amenity . we never hide the fact that we have a small pool 12x 184 . there be pool area picture display on our website and other 3rd party site . when a guest inquire about the pool we let them know that we have a small pool . we recommend other hotel if a guest be look for a larger pool.as for review all review be honest and we know that there will be a difference of opinion and as you can see we be rate in the middle of the hotel in napa . we be a family run hotel and take pride in our hotel and be always look at way to improve . tripadvisor be way too smart to let suspicious review slip through as it be their reputation and ours.thank you for your compliment on the cleanliness of our room we be an ultra clean property our shower head and bed . the shower head be by delta and i have actually see them at home depot . the bed that be in your room be a cheshire iv pillow top by serta . thank you again for your review .
the good point it s relatively inexpesive it be clean and the service be good . the bad it s close to a heavily use road think noise and its not quaint or luxurious . the brochure claim that you get a complimentary breakfast . but what they actually give you be 2.50 off your breakfast at dennys . this basically cover the cost of our coffee . i don t think dennys have a breakfast on the menu for 2.50 .
this be a nice best western . we be allow to check in early . the free breakfast be the best of any hotel i have ever visit because we could choose item of the denny s menu . there be ample parking with shopping and dining across the streetdavidsi8109 cm thank you for the 5 star review . it make us so happy to that our guest have such a pleasant stay with us . we hope to see you again soon cheer genafer
we recently spend two night at the inn of the vine best western plus . the room be spacious clean and well appoint . the staff be extremely helpful and welcoming . we have reservation for the wine train and the hotel location be ideal only about 1 1 2 mile away .
the room be so noisy we could hear every footstep from the people above every toilet flush and every shower that they take . winetaste in the courtyard be very loud and folk stay after the winetasting drinking until the wee hour of the night . staff be not willing to quiet them nor even leave the front desk to talk to them . breakfast item in the morning be not replenish hot water be out replace with warm water not useful at all . rumor of free voucher to dennys never appear .this be not a cheap property i do not feel i get my money worth i could have stay at a motel eight or six for equivalent valueon behalf of our entire team i would like to apologize for not exceed your expectation . your satisfaction be important to us and we will be use the feedback you give us to implement improvement to ensure we offer a better experience for guest in the future .
we stay here before a saint game with kid . pro location be perfect for this room be clean and large and the kid love the game in the bar . the bar staff be particularly helpful and friendly . con the front desk be understaffed and really slow both check in and check out . the breakfast area run out of almost all item and close early . the hotel screw up our pre arrange late checkout and lock us out and then give us the wrong key twice . long story but the whole mix up end up cost us 45 minutes.well that s certainly not the experience we hope to provide . we will be sure to share your feedback with our front office to ensure this be not an ongoing issue . we do hope you give us another shot next season whodat dixie krauss assistant general manager
we have a wonderful time . aloft be beautiful . the staff helpful and friendly . the room be spacious and the amenity be very good . the bed be very comfortable . the location be really good for get around the city.doesn t get much better than that thank you for your kind word and we look forward to your next visit dixie krauss assistant general manager
we always enjoy stay at aloft location . they be unique clean and our teenager love them the hotel staff be always helpful and friendly . the downside be that you have to walk a bit to get to the tourist area but it be locate downtown.thanks so much for your loyalty to the aloft brand . see you again soon dixie krauss director of operation
this be the first hotel we have ever stay at that feel like you be sleep inside of a walk in closet the room have no window at all and be very claustrophobic we stay in room 1701 and apparently from speak to the front desk over 1 3 of the hotel room or exactly like this king room i feel that the hotel should forewarn you of these fax however they do not the staff be very friendly and accommodate the room be just not up to par like other aloft hotel we have stay at we do have 21 king room in the hotel that do not have a window and while they will run you the same price as our traditional king there be an option to choose this room . be sure to check your confirmation when book to ensure you ve select the correct room . we be thrilled to hear the staff be accommodate and we will be sure the front desk be confirm room type at check in.thanks for your business we hope you will be back dixie krauss assistant general manager
last minute trip to enjoy christmas break . location be great for walk everywhere . go to a football and basketball game . the hotel staff be amazing . scott be helpful all weekend . the rest of the staff be friendly outgoing and very knowledgeable about the area.that s what we like to hear scott will be thrill to hear he make an impact . thank for stay and we hope to see you again soon . dixie krauss director of operation
we be look for a hotel that be nice but wasn t expensive and i find just that at the aloft . i make a reservation and when i get there it go so smooth i be up to my room in less than 5mins and i have a preference to check in at 11 00am and it be grant with no extra charge . the room be very nice and clean and smell good . the shower i love and the full body mirror i couldn t stay out of . the staff be very nice and friendly . the hotel be quiet which i be hope because i know they let animal stay there . overall we really enjoy our stay my boyfriend agree this be one of the best hotel we ever stay at.wow we be delighted to hear that you enjoy your stay and that we be able to provide a first in class experience for you both . we hope you will be back soon dixie krauss director of operation
try out aloft for the ada room . pleasantly surprised spacious room update feature . we will look for the brand in our travel . the receptionist be very friendly and knowledgeable of the area . i be wait for the concierge to give a breakfast recommendation and she be busy so the receptionist give us a few with different style and direction turn out great . thank you aloft for a great staydelighted to hear of your stay with us and appreciate your feedback on our ada room . we hope you will stay with us again in the future dixie krauss assistant general manager
no need to infuse the air with that small fragrance . your other guest may like it but i prefer natural air and so hold my breath between the front door and the elevator.the room keeper can also be more gentle with close the door during their morning round so as not to wake other room occupants.other than the above point a good place to stay near french quarter.truly thankful you enjoy your stay and while we love the fresh air ourselves that signature scent can be find around the world at all aloft hotel . we appreciate the feedback regard our housekeeping staff and will be sure to share with the department leader to help rectify that problem.thank you again for your business and hope you will be back soon dixie krauss assistant general manager
this place be in the perfect location a short stroll to all the action on bourbon st and surounding area just a pity bourbon st be dig up during our stay the hotel have everything we need .... very comfortable bed .... nice clean bathroom plenty of towel and coffee and a great tv there s always next time to see bourbon in all of its glory just mean you ve get to come visit us again . thank you for stay and we appreciate your business . see you for round 2 dixie krauss director of operation
i have to say i have a great stay ... the room be very nice and the staff be very helpful .... what more can you askthe bar down stair be nice to have so you do not need to go out if you really didn t want to . they be locate within dozen of place for uber eat if your staying in . awesome thank s so much for choose aloft nola for your need we hope you will be back again soon dixie krauss director of operation
the room be very nice and spacious the worker be friendly and very calm even though it be a big event go on in the city . the room be very clean and comfy bed . i enjoy my stay overall.clean and comfy be music to our ear . thank for the great review and we hope you get back to aloft new orleans downtown
this be our first time stay at aloft . the hotel be very clean and secure . the bed be amazing and make it hard to go out and explore . conveniently locate block away from the french quarter . they also give you coupon if you choose not to have your room clean . the make a green choice program be great especially for those of us who don t prefer our room be clean anyway . thank for the kudo see you next time dixie krauss director of operation
mandatory stay while in nola ... the hotel be centrally locate to restaurant french quarter garden district or warehouse district they have bike to be use to tour the city . the service be impeccable and there 24 hour . the bar area very nice i travel here every two month ... you must make the aloft your hotel of choice when in nola.easy access to everything nola have to offer be key to a great stay and have the bike rental on site make it that much easier . we be glad you get to take advantage of our central local and hope to see you in two month
i have stay in some hotel in my time but this be bad . if you want to experience an awful night sleep nasty ignorant staff then this be for you . southern hospitality it be not . i be not impressed with the layout of the room and the noise next door be horrendous.thank you for take time out of your day to share your comment about your recent stay with me . please accept my sincere apology for the difficulty and situation you encounter during your visit i would like to find out a little bit more about the interaction with the staff so i can address approporately . rest assure we will address each item with our team for immediate correction . it be dishearten that your first visit with us be disappointing.i truly would love to have the opportunity to have you back as our guest and show you our true service standard . would you be willing to visit us again please contact me directly at dixie.kraussaloftneworleansdowntown.com to discuss .
they have great staff pet friendly room impecable the coffee in the lobby really good and free the lobby bar very enjoyable perfect location just the car parking should be more flexible and less expensive.we be thrilled to hear of your great experience ill be sure to share your feedback with our staff . thank for stay we hope to see you in the future dixie krauss director of operation
this hotel be just two block to bourbon street and close enough to walk alway to cafe dumonde . safe area . bed very comfortable and hotel perfectly clean and nice . i will stay here again every time i be in nola . laquinta rate for sheraton level hotel . great value at great price what a winner thank so much for stay with us at aloft new orleans downtown and take the to post your review . come back soon .
book room on concur check into room late to my surprise the room have no 0 zero window . an actual interior room . not happy to learn this . didn t see this in the booking . not a happy camper ... sorry to hear of your disappointment with your room . we do realize those windowless room aren t for everyone . they be label when book as loft king room but i m not sure how your book channel have that set up . if you would like i d be happy to take a look into that for you . we hope we have another opportunity to earn your business back please reach out to me directly at dixie.kraussaloftneworleansdowntown.com or 504 312 7715.i hope to hear from you soon dixie krauss director of operation
great location ten min walk to bourbon french quarter the place be modern and funny and very clean . the staff be super friendly l. stacy be very helpful and love her energy . she help us book a last min trip for the city cemetery tour . you can tell she really like what she do . love the southern accent i would def recommend this place yay stacy i will be sure to share your kudo with her as well as our entire staff . thank for choose aloft nola for your stay we hope to see you again on your next visit.dixie krauss director of operation
i travel to new orleans for business about once a month and have the privilege of stay in quite a few hotel in nola but aloft be a standout even though be it locate very close to most attraction the staff leave us with a bad taste in our mouth . at check in we be help by jermal and it be the worst check in experience i ve ever have even at motel 6 they at least make eye contact with you and answer your question . very cold and not friendly staff with the exception of the valet guy . they be very nice and professional . once we get to our room it be clean and spacious . i do not find anything wrong with it except the infamous bad water pressure in the shower and the fact that we only have 2 big towel all hotel i ve stay at have have 4 big towel we sign up for the spg green choice at check in so the extra towel would have be nice and we actually never receive the 5 voucher for make the green choice . aloft have a lot of potential because of their location . i be give them another chance in late may hopefully this time they listen to our request and be more customer oriented.thank you for stay with us this past week . i would like to apologize for your disappointment during your recent stay with us . i know we certainly have not meet your expectation and we want so much to gain back your trust and loyalty . the feedback you provide will allow us to address specific information and in turn provide a superior service for our guest both now and in the future . it be unfortunate that you have a negative experience but we look forward to have you back here with us in may so we can show you how we have use your feedback and show you the hospitality our talent be truly make of if i can do anything in the meantime please contact me directly at dixie.kraussaloftneworleansdowntown.com .
the title say it all . feel it be well price for a good location walk distance to bourbon and frenchman very spacious room which help when travel in group . good onsite breakfast options.thank so much for take the time to share your feedback we be thrill to learn of your great experience . we hope we will be your go to hotel in nola . see you next time dixie krauss director of operation
locate a couple of block from canal street in new orleans this hotel provide efficient and highly satisfactory service . the front staff be very helpful . the bed and pillow be very comfortable more comfortable than in any other hotel i have stay in . once i have an almost equally comfortable bed in a hilton but this be top . i would definitely return to this hotel chain.wow thankful you ve take the time to share your great feedback with us and the trip advisor community . we have the westin heavenly bed system they do have some item for retail purchase in case you want to check those out . see you next time dixie krauss assistant general manager
great location about three block from bourbon st . very friendly staff . i would staff there again . if you take a car remember it cost 40 day to park here but it cost that to park anywhere in new orleans.you get it parking be at a premium here in the city but our valet team be first in class and will be sure to take care of you . thank you for stay we hope you return again soon . dixie krauss director of operation
i be hesitant stay here but i be extremely happy i do our room be a very spacey corner double and it have a wonderful view . customer service be incredible kathy be able to check us in a little earlier and i forget his name but make a mean bacon and egg croissant sandwich . hotel be in a great location 2 block away from bourbon and one from canal . close to everything but far enough to hear all the noise . i would definitely stay there again especially for the great rate we got.thanks so much for your review i always enjoy share comment like these with our staff and give kathy and our cook mike the kudo they deserve . we be delighted you have a great time here with us and we look forward to have you back with us again soon.cheer dixie krauss operation manager
clean and modern hotel.5 minute to walk to the french quarter.friendly stuff.the only negative thing be the expensive valet parking service for about 45 dollar a day.we park in a parking 2 road away for 20 dollar per day perdido street .so glad you enjoy your time here with us we hope you return again on your next trip . valet be an expense here in downtown nola but our guy do a great job ensure our guest be well take care of . dixie krauss director of operation
new hotel the room the lobby you notice that this be a new building . it be very clean we enjoy our room and the lobby.staff be all friendly and the breakfast be good usual hampton inn breakfast .dear bens9 thank you for your raving review of the hampton inn suit napa . great to hear you enjoy our hampton breakfast as well as our friendly staff . we hope to see you again on your next trip to napa valley . thank you serina najar .
this be a very nice hampton inn . lobby area be very nice . negative breakfast be very busy . not enough seating . food be just ok . our room do not get clean until after 5 p.m. . we just get back from all day wine tasting . maid do not knock they just walk in .
the staff be all very friendly and facility be great over all a great experience . everything for a family vacation . also there be a cute little farmer market and movie theater and restaurant nearby .
a gorgeous hotel not a typical hampton inn . easy to find and the location be convenient to vineyard downtown napa and you can walk to restaurant shopping and movie theater . inside the hotel be gorgeous and the guest room be all suite and huge mini fridge huge shower i could live in this room
beautiful brand new hotel . the staff perform at 110 . great location everything you need be within 5 mile of this hotel . comfortable room great service overperforme staff make this hotel the best place to stay in napa .
this hotel be clean staff be friendly and bed be comfortable . the only warning i will give be to those couple look for a romantic getaway in napa . one of the selling point in my opinion on their site be the comfortable outdoor seating area with a beautiful fireplace . if there be private party book that area win t be available to you until 10 p.m. we be disappointed and unaware of this as our hotel have private party every night we be there .
i have never write a review good or bad but the experience at hampton from their staff especially kalah be so atrocious that i feel the need to prewarn people about this particular employee who be rude unprofessional and argumentative and when i call to inform the manager of the experience i receive no call back . the hotel overbook and apparently doesn t care.dear cinandyoung thank you for take the time to express yourself about your experience with the hampton inn suites . as we always try to do our best give the circumstance and situation at hand . i apologize that we fall short in be able to accommodate you as our guest . i appreciate your feed back and will turn this situation into a learn lesson on how we can handle this situation better next time . i thank you again for take the time to review the hampton inn suit napa . we hope you give us the opportunity to make this stay up on you next trip to napa valley . thank you again serina najar .
what a beautiful hampton inn in napa . great location within walk distance of a movie theatre gym a few restaurant and starbuck . the room be a nice size . the bed be comfy . they have directv which be always a huge plus but the bathroom be awesome . love love love the extra lighting and shelve for us lady . the only thing i would add would be a wall magnify mirror like the marriott have . even with all the amazing light it be hard to get up close to the mirror to do my makeup because of the size of the nice vanity .
i have stop by here with my family just to stop by . we do not stay but rather want to see this new property . it be near the napa river . there be also a century theater and an in shape in the same parking lot . the ground be immaculate . once i walk in all i could say be wow . it be beautiful modern and i feel comfortable as i walk in . we purchase some water from the gift shop as we be drive around through napa calistoga and st . helena . kalah i believe that be her name she have curly brown hair be so warm upon us walk into the lobby . i ask if i could take a look around just to see what the common area look like she say absolutely it be beautiful . i be look forward to my future stay s here . i will say as i pass a young lady danielle . it be like she do not want to be there or she be have an off day . she do not acknowledge me as a guest as she pass by or even at the desk . overall still 5 star . kalah hopefully that be her name be awesome see you soon dear lemoura g thank you for take the time to review our hotel . your comment especially the wow be bell to my ear . we truly do have a unique hampton capture the napa valley throughout the building . it be very satisfying to hear your awesome comment about kalah . we look forward to see you on your next visit to the napa valley . thank you serina najar .
this hampton inn be new and well appoint and seem to be a popular choice for people tour winery as our group be . there be a little street noise in my room but tolerable.the staff be uniformly pleasant and helpful from front desk to housekeeping.breakfast be of the standard you would expect for this type of hotel with some reasonable choice and slight change from day to day.it be not locate in the center of napa so to go to most restaurant you need a car .
if you be go to napa you must stay at the hampton inn suites . the hotel be very clean very friendly and the room be update . many perk like cookie . tea coffee in the lobby during the day complimentary hot breakfast and a snack bar to take with us to san francisco . definitely want to stay at the hampton inn suite again.dear 48mimiy thank you for take the time to review the hampton inn suit napa . definitely stay with us we offer many other perk like 24 hour complementary tea and coffee in addition to cookie and our on the run breakfast to go bag that be available mon fri 6 a.m. to 10 a.m. just swing by the front desk and the bag be available for all our guest . thank you again for visit and we hope to see you again . warmest regard serina najar .
i really enjoy my stay at the hampton inn and suit napa . the staff be very friendly and the facility be excellent . there be a free buffet breakfast wine taste from 5 6 p.m. and a tea coffee station in reception all day . the pool be heat and the outdoor area be really well maintain . i have a very relaxing stay and would definitely recommend it.dear acnolan thank you for take the time to review the hampton inn suit napa . we be very honored to have earn your recommendation and thankful you enjoy your stay with us . it s great to hear that you have a relaxing time with us and we hope to see you again soon . warmest regard serina najar .
the hotel room itself be clean spacious and in good repair . we however have problem from begin to end with the booking process . we block room for an anniversary party . guest be either tell the block be full or didn t exist . my husband and i extend our stay by one day upon check in . we receive 4 phone call from the front desk by different people ask if we be check out . front desk staff be very disorganized and uninformed . i would not recommend this particular hotel.dear jenniferrb6116dr thank you for take the time to review the hampton inn suit napa . we truly appreciate all your feedback . i will personally be look into the detail of your block room . we always want to be sure that the entire team be always on the same page and from your comment it look as if we may have miss a step . i truly apologize for any over site on our end and i will be sure we button up those miss item you mention . i thank you again for take the time to review the hampton inn suit napa and will be sure to pass along this information to the proper individual . best regard serina najar .
this place be ideally locate with theater supermarket fast food fine restaurant all near by . the architecture be really beautiful and it be brand new . it provide easy access to downtown napa as well as to the main highway north to all the winery . my room be on the ground floor no . 130 and there be some noise from upstairs translate below but not bad . also have really nice big screen tvs.dear tscclovisca thank you so much for take the time to review the hampton inn suit napa . i appreciate your awesome feedback compliment of our hotel s location and arthitectural feature . thank you again for stay with the hampton inn suit napa we hope to serve you again in the near future .
hotel be in a great location for napa and sonoma wine tasting . good breakfast and wine taste from 5 to 6 pm in the lobby . clean hotel with nice patio . decent workout room and friendly staff make for a pleasant stay .
this a super nice hampton . the desk staff be friendly the breakfast be delicious . our room be spotless . the bed be super comfortable . we have a river view room with a balcony . it be nice to be able to relax on the balcony.we have an issue with the thermostat and maintenance come up promptly turn out it be operator error ask for extra towel one evening and they be bring up immediately . on tuesday and saturday there be a nice farmer s market just a few yard away i believe it close in october until next season . a grocery store within walk distance . we definitely recommend dear peggys513 thank you for take the time to review the hampton inn suit napa . we appreciate your valuable feedback as well all the great thing you mention about our friendly staff and comfortable bed . our balcony room do have a different thermostat unit than the other and typically we do get call about them not operate . unfortunately you do need to be within so many foot of the unit for it to operate properly and this typically take care of the issue . the farmer s market be definitely come to an end i would anticipate it to end come november . we re glad to hear that you recommend us and we hope to see you on your next trip to napa valley . thank you serina najar .
my daughter and i go to texas for a concert at the verizon and choose this hotel base on location review and previous experience with hampton inn suites . the mattress be so comfortable and no evidence of bedbug . the staff be great . the breakfast be delicious . i wish we could have stay longer .
really nice hotel . room be fresh and clean . fluffy pillow and comfy bed . housekeeping be good . i like the larger batheroom and shower the coffee cubie in the bathroom the shelf under the sink i use it to tuck my toiletry away other note front desk person friendly and nice complimentary breakfast be good and above average ... more
every night when we come back to the hotel numerous spot be open . we be delighted . until we figure out why . it appear that someone design the space be attempt to put as many as possible there so the spot be very narrow . even in a midsize car you can not park in many of the spot because someone have park over the line because the space be too small . it s like a domino effect . so you can t park unless you want someone dinge your car door . because of this we have to find parking very far away from our room . the hotel be very convenient and away from down town . the old town shuttle be a good idea but it run only once and hour . it s always pack because of this and the fact that it service four hotel . it be a waste of 20 . the room be clean the pool be hot as a sauna and the breakfast be okay . we would stay again.dear phillip h thank you for take the time to review our hotel . unfortunately park on this island be a hot commodity but i must agree that some of the space do seem narrow . we be also continue to work on how we can make our shuttle better . i will be share you comment to our team so that we can try to make the correct adjustment . please feel free to contact my directly if there be anything that i can do in the future.sincerely eric b hotel manger
i be with four other people on a bird trip to watch the hawk migration . we spot over 50 specie of bird as we travel across the key . the hotel be new . the room be spacious and i love the shower microwave and mini frig . the breakfast be wonderful and allow us to make an early start for our birding . i commend rosemary johnson an employee that assist me in find ice enter the pool area and make me feel welcome even though it be late at night . thank you for a lovely experience.thank you for your comment . so glad you have a great stay . rosemary be one of many of our amazing team member here to assist our guest . thank you for stay with us . hope you come back again to explore more of this wonderful bird sanctuary habitat .
we have travel to all area of the us and realize high tourist area such as this be normally higher price lodging . however when you pay a higher price for a hotel you expect the establishment to provide an equal value for your dollar . not the case here . the front desk staff both in the early evening and in the morning have very poor customer service skill . we feel we be disturb them any time we approach them . also the walkway and exterior area have not be clean in month . the breakfast be bad never again dear don g thank you for take the time to review our hotel . we take all of our review seriously so we can better serve our guest . read through your review i see the we fall short of your expectation . i apologize for the service that be provide . i will be share your comment with my staff so that we can learn fro our short falls.sincerely eric b hotel manager
we stay with my family for 1 week.it be amazing time for relax in dubai especially in marriott marquis.restaurants food be delicious especially we recommend izakaya and garden.cafe artois be fantastic place with very nice view to dubai canal.service of concierge mustafa be super.he advise my family all iconic place of dubai.definitely we will be back soonwe want to thank you for stay at the fairfield inn suites by marriott keys collection and we be thrilled to hear that you enjoy your recent stay your patronage be very important and it mean the world to us that you have a great stay .
we be look for a hotel at the last minute . as soon as we walk in the staff be very courteous and friendly very helpful in find the best pricing and fulfil my hotel need . i be service by davian she be very willing and helpful . i commend her for the outstanding service she provide . next time we visit key west this will be our place to stay.dear catherine a thank you for take the time to review our hotel . we be happy to see that you enjoy your stay with us and that our staff be very courteous and friendly . it be always nice to see our staff mention . we hope to see you back in key west soon sincerely eric b hotel manager
we book through hotels.com . when we get to the hotel it seem to be take a long time for the manager angel torre to check us in . turn out they be update their fire code system and all the reservation for room with king size bed be be take out of commission for any reservation that be longer than two night . he try to override the computer but it seem computer be now run the world . he very politely inquire if we would mind a room with 2 bed . i couldn t really understand why anyone would really consider that a big deal since now i have a bed to throw all my clothe on and another one to sleep in . once he assure me that the room be the same size as the king i tell him to go ahead and do it . he then proceed to comp us the shuttle which run 22 day per room for our entire stay as well as give us coupon for complimentary drink at the hotel bar . i ask him to also give us free parking to which he respond that he have the previous week reverse their policy of charge for parking . i tell him to make sure to put that on the website because that could be major deterrence for some people . what more could one ask for we definitely come out ahead and he be so apologetic about the whole thing . the room be huge clean and comfortable . the pool be lovely the free breakfast have a huge variety of item to choose from . no question we would definitely stay here again and will strongly recommend it to any friend who may choose key west as their destination.donna the concierge be also great . give great recommendation and lot of coupon for stuff on duval street.thank you for choose the fairfield inn suit at the key collection for your recent travel to key west . commitment to service and guest satisfaction be a main focus and we be delighted to hear you enjoy your stay .
stay here for 4 night . price be on the lower end of choice on key west so we be prepare for some short coming . we be very surprised at the cleanliness of the ground and size if the room give the price bracket . we have room 146 which put us on the inside bottom floor . very comfy king size bed small fridge dresser and desk didn t come close to fill up the room . i pace it off to about 20x16 the bathroom be also spacious . no tub but a glass enclose shower the size of a tub with plenty of pressure and hot water . the include breakfast be what i d call a continental plus as it also have scramble egg sausage and diy fresh make waffle . heated pool and pool bar too would definitely stay here again and highly recommend thank you for your comment . so glad you enjoy our spacious clean room . thank you for stay with us and recommend us to all of your friend .
steve the bartender be very knowledgable about the local area and he have many restaurant to recommend so many local restaurant to us it be so hard to choose from . we decide to eat at the restaurant hogfish . he also give us a ten percent coupon to us for our meal . he also make the best pia coladas . great bartender at poolside .. thank you for your comment . steve be an amazing team member . he welcome all of our guest with great libation and wonderful idea on what to see and explore on the island . thank for stay with us .
great place to stay in the key at an affordable price without sacrifice quality . location not on the beach but within drive biking distance to downtown and quiet . on site be a bike company to rent bike or scooter from definitely recommend . their kiosk be locate next to the pool bar.room clean room clean bedding sheet bed be medium comfort but we sleep fine pool beautiful and big it wasn t crowd at all so you could enjoy it an any time . lounge chair be comfortable and cabanas be nice on a first come first serve basis . the pool bar be very nice with a variety of drink . i wouldn t recommend the pool food with the exception of the wing and fry which be really good . try some of the local beer on tap my favorite be the crazy lady very smooth . free breakfast continental breakfast with a variety of fruit waffle egg bagel cereal and coffee etcoverall have a very relaxing and fun two day stay here . i highly recommend it to anyone go down to the key . i definitely plan to be back here on my next trip down . dear susana l thank you for take the time to review our hotel . we be very happy that you have a nice stay and enjoy our breakfast and pool . we hope to see you back in key west very soon for another nice stay with us.sincerely eric b hotel manager
everything about our stay from the moment we check in be a very positive experience . our room be clean and have everything we need . the pool area be also nice and clean with plenty of towel and lounger available . the breakfast area be also clean and well attend to . we be also give a one hour late checkout which make my daughter extremely happy as it give her a chance for one more swim before we leave . a perfect stay while we be in the key thank you for the five star review . so glad to hear our folk at the front office be able to extend a later departure so your daughter could get that one last swim thank you for share your experience and we look forward to welcome you back to our little island
room rate be high only have a king size bed check in be very long tour bus be park and run for a long time room be quiet and large . bathroom do not have a tub lobby be quite far away check out be faster than checkindear janevcongersny thank you for take the time to review our hotel . i be happy that you do enjoy your room but notice that we fall short of your expectation and i do apologize for that . we take all of our review and comment seriously and will be pass yours to the rest of my team . sincerely eric b hotel manager
i stay here with a couple friend . very friendly hotel the weather be terrible cold rainy in the key . the staff be super helpful in help us find thing to do . the location be far from all the action but a quick cab ride away ... worth the stay . very clean.thank you for share your comment with all of our trip adviser guest . i be sorry the weather do not cooperate on your recent trip to the key you will need to come back to enjoy the key sunshine . thank you for stay with us .
the location wasn t exactly where i think it be but that be partly my fault there be 2 fairfield s in key west and i get confused with the second one . however it be nice and close to airport which be what i be look for at first . the hotel have a nice room clean and everything you need to just have a nice stay . they have a contential breakfast at the hotel and that be nice . it have a great selection with staff that work really hard the entire time to keep everything stock clean and look nice . it be just a nice hotel all around and we couldn t beat the price . very happy with our stay here.dear ashley663 thank you for take the time to review our hotel . we be happy that you enjoy your stay here with us . we hope you have a relaxing time here in key west and we hope to see you back in again soon.sincerely eric b hotel manager
i find my room hotel to be just as advertized . tnhe location put you in easy walk distance of wrigley field.it be also very handy to both bus and l.
i have look into villa toscana before but it be completely full . last week i lucke out . the location be convenient the room be comfortable the innkeeper helpful and the overall experience excellent . definitely a place i would stay again .
spend four night visit in seattle and a big part of the pleasure be stay at bed and breakfast inn . i arrive late which be no issue since shannon and i communicate via text . i get a quiet downstairs room bath down the hall . all spotless nice waffle weave robe in the closet . breakfast be superior sit in the sunny kitchen ... more
my family and i stay here for a night the front desk guy and girl that be there be super nice they treat us with a warm smile and make us feel at home . awesome customer service and also the breakfast that they have be very good as well and our bed be very comfortable and clean as well as the room . everyone work there be very friendly .
really i know 3 star on priceline can be dicey but really really we get a quad . four 5 1 2 foot long bunk bed . number one to four . with a stack of fold sheet . and a 2 by 2 shower . really how do this get on priceline in the first place and how do it get any star i be only write this now because it be 1 30 in the morning and my dorm be like a library compare to this place . decade ago . how do this get on priceline i have stay at more than 40 hotel in chicago on priceline over the year but this be the first time i have stay in a hostel . a hostile . really i wish zero star be a choice but that would be too many . i know all the hipster comment i will get on this but please keep them to yourself.hello steve p thank you for stay with us and for take the time to review your stay . i so sorry that your stay be disappoint due to the room layout not be as expect for our star rating . we be review your reservation with our book partner to ensure that no other guest encounter a similar issue . please feel free to let our front desk know during any future stay if we can do anything to make your stay more enjoyable . i hope we can see you back again very soon for what i be sure will be a better experience .
hello . i stand at this woodspre suite for two week . while i be there and i have a great stay . when i walk in the the lobby to check in the manager and the general manager greet me with kindness and it feel really good . when i get to my room the room feel very clean . i stand at this hotel due to work . i will be return shortly and i will also tell my other co worker to stay there . thank you for a great stay.we be so glad our staff be able to make your time at woodspre suit a great one . the woodspring suite team strive to make your stay one you will not forget . thank you for share your experience with us and we hope we get the privilege to serve you again soon .
look forward to a romantic stay and our room offer a deep soaking tub but when we check in i be tell that all they have be normal tub . we be disappoint . other than that we have a nice stay .
for the cost of this hotel i be extremely surprised on how nice clean and modern look it be . the staff be extremely courteous and helpful with anything we need but most importantly i feel comfortable there because it be safe and secure and the inside and outside be well keep . i also find out it be recently remodel . would def stay there again .
a disorderly mess from the start . when we check in and get up to our room it wasn t clean and the bed be not make . on the second day of our stay we return to our room at 4 00 to find the room have not be clean but our towel have be remove and item have be move in our room . when we inquire the manager state no one have be in our room insist we have be the only one to enter . at no point be he apologetic or reasonable in regard to our concern . at this point i decide to check out . i make the error of prepay through expedia and now the hotel be avoid their attempt to refund the night i do not stay . a terrible experience all around in a poorly manage hotel .
we ask in the morning about breakfast and they tell us that a free continental breakfast be only serve at a holiday in express . then we order our breakfast . when the food arrive the food order be small and not cook properly . for the price we pay for breakfast we could have go to a nice restaurant in town and the food would have be better and more plentiful . then when check out holiday inn charge us an additional fee .
break fast be an apology of a breakfast .. even ordinary hotel in third world serve better breakfast ..
my wife have a birthday party at theholiday inn north phoenix.the event we have be wonderfully plan by phil mcilveen the hotel s director of sales.he help in plan a great party within our budget.phil go above and beyond his limit to ensure that the event be successful.the staff be courteous and very ready to listen and help out wherever and whenever we need them.we will surely have more event in the future at this location and we will send referral to phil.thank you for the hospitality.george
it be terrible i will never stay there again . dirty noisy tv do not work . the staff be a joke
the have a bad smell . it smell like wet carpet or maybe mildew .
when i open the room i be amazed how great it be . the bed the pillow the sheet the towel the bath . i have no idea for the price what a great place i would get
the room be nice and clean . the only downside be the a c system and location . the a c system be very loud and do not cool the room adequately . the location be right next to the freeway onramp noisy and the neighborhood be sketchy . i will not stay here again .
while everything be ok there be nothing special or even extra ok about this hotel . the wall be paper thin it s right off of the freeway no free breakfast ........ just ok .
this hotel be awful . it be so noisy you could hear everything . lot and lot and lot of kid run and scream the entire night . guess it may be good for a family but unless you have wild child it be not worth it . i hear every car outside . one of our pillow have dirt on it . we book a king bed and get two queen . it smell weird . it be date . an elevator be out so it always take forever to go up or down . the parking be cramp and limit . save your money and don t waste it on this place.i have stay at nicer motel 6 s.
hotel be very clean and room be ready upon arrival .
pleasant stay friendly staff on the internet site it claim that there be complimentary breakfast but there be no complimentary breakfast
the heating unit didn t work in the first room i be move to another room . the dinner menu in the restaurant be mostly sandwich personally i eat sandwich for lunch not dinner . i do try the burger one night and the cook cook every bit of the juice out of the meat i may as well have have some of the desert sand .
my first night my room be ok but the ac fan or housing make a racket . i actually remove the plastic covering because it be break and i think that s what be rattle ... wrong . i probably should have request a new room but by then i have my toiletry unpack and didn t feel like move . i be tired so i sleep through the noise no problem . my second night i ask for a different room the ac be still noisy must just be normal . the hall smell a little musty but the shine light of the stay be the front desk and housekeeping personnel . i have forget an expensive temperpedic pillow in my first room that i take with me when i travel . i didn t notice that i didn t have it until i be ready to go to bed the 2nd night in a different room . the front desk people be very attentive but housekeeping have go home for the night or something and the front desk didn t have the key to their storage room .... so i have to wait until i check out the next morning to get me pillow back . but i do get my beloved pillow back so all s well that end well .
it be great and staff be very friendly . wish i could ve stay longer .
garbage hotel beware do not use the toxic water there if you shower in it you will smell like waste water
this hotel have bedbug the staff act like it wasn t a big idea don t stay here
room 217 . shower flow rate be low just a trickle . hot water be luke warm at best no hot water . shower drain be in the middle of a flat tile shower floor slope toward the back end of the shower where water puddle up and do not drain leave soap scum etc . very unsanitary . bathroom sink do not drain well leave shave cream soap scum whisker in sink after shave by the time it drain and the drain have a sewer smell . there be unrepaired hole in the drywall at the bathroom door jamb . i put clothing into the dresser drawer and the drawer would not stay shut annoying refrigerator make a loud humming noise on and off about every 3 5 second . no continental breakfast include unless you want to pay 9 to have it deliver to your room . one evening i decide to use the hot tub outside because i be rather cold and know i couldn t take a hot shower . the palm tree trimmer do not cover the hot tub that day so they have drop palm tree trimming into the hot tub render it unusable . the pool clean company be there the next evening to clean it out .
have to catch a very early flight out of phx and this be the closest hotel we find . it actually be clean comfortable and close to the airport enough .
the hotel be apparently renovate about 10 or 15 year ago but hasn t be very well maintain since then . the condition of the room be clean but run down . the attach restaurant serve pretty decent indian food . the biggest complaint be that there be a plumbing issue with the hot water not run in the shower . the second be that the check in process be excruciatingly slow . i don t know if i d stay there again give the plethora of other inexpensive hotel in the area . if you do stay there check all of the amenity in the room and insist on a different room if something doesn t work .
hotel be in decent shape and clean . bathroom be very nice and redone but rest of room look fine . main floor smell of cat litter in some place and some other smell like cleaning supply . desk staff mess up my room key when i check in so i have to go all the way back to lobby to get it fix . staff be friendly and apologize though . check out be smooth and easy .
front desk staff be awesome . david be amazing he be exceptional in provide quality customer service . whenever we have a need he be quick to assist and resolve . housekeeping be excellent and maintenance too as they have to repair a socket . 5 star
stay for baseball spring training 140 cad . the free wifi be a total joke no reception at all in the room and very limited in lobby and keep log off we have 4 device so i know it be not the device . i ask if i can pay for wifi to get better reception be tell that s all they offer.the pool have problem as it s leak all over the place outside twice there and no towel when ask for towel they only bring 2 towel . if you don t get the room service by 10 be they win t come back.room be clean but little small for 4 people .
we stay at this hotel on a saturday night . the highway be quite close and be quite noisy . upon enter the room it be clean and smell good . our neighbor however be very noisy and rowdy at 1 am and i have not be able to sleep because of all the noise so i pick up the in room phone and call the front desk ...... 6 time no answer . i then use my cell phone to call the front desk directly and they immediately pick up i be quite upset at this point . they say they would send security to check on the noisy room . security eventually show up and knock on the wrong room needless to say i have to call back and finally persuade them to switch me to a different room . so at around 2 be there we be get all of our stuff pack up again to switch room as soon as we enter the next room i walk up to the window and find a drone right in front of it peer in never return to this hotel sleep maybe 2 hour the whole night
i stay here frequently as a getaway . it be clean quiet for the most part . they do allow dog so just make sure there be not a dog in the room next door . however they do take care of the barking dog next door immediately and it stop for the rest of the night . that only happen once in all my stays.it still look brand new on the inside . highly recommend this hotel .
we have a great time day one at spring training only to come back to our hotel which have be take over by nascar people now don t get me wrong i love nascar but .. they take over the parking lot . we count 30 truck each of them take up 3 space we have to park down the street at another hotel .... more
after a long drive it be nice to come to a nice comfortable hotel and a quiet one .
horrible neighborhood and room be unclean
didn t clean our room one day for no reason leave early and come back late .
the only thing about the red roof inn be its in the corner and it s tuck away from everything ... so for me who didn t have a vehicle it s kind of difficult navigate to like the store and thing like that i mean but there be few place within walk distance ...
i expect very little from a hotel . i m cheap by nature and i really only want a door that lock and a shower that s hot . however hotel 502 make me rethink my low expectation and future travel plan . the front desk clerk be friendly and responsive but the room be very shabby and barely clean down there hair on toilet seat permanent mystery stain on sheet the shower be cold lukewarm at best and the neighborhood be less than desirable lot of transient and sketchy folk wander on property . i only pay 62 tax per night but if i have pay more i would have be really angry . as i say earlier i really only want a lock door and hot shower for 60 i don t expect much . i can overlook the wear down room i be tell our room be renovate but my mother stay here when it be formally the red roof inn and say it look the same save a new t.v . and a different paint color on the bathroom wall . i can overlook the fact that a storm knock out their wifi and the pool be closed . i can overlook the people pass out drunk in their car and the less than clean room bath . but no hot shower not good even for 62 and some change . the only plus be the friendly front desk clerk she get kudo .
the hotel be clean and neat . staff be friendly . but it look like a work in progress . the floor be basic concrete with no tile or carpet the room only come with a small rug . the toilet be clean but didn t work too good . the fan in the restroom be very loud and about to fall apart because of some miss screw . the hot water take a very very long time to start come out . and lastly there be a big water leak in the last day that come from the ceiling in the restroom . we wake up to find a soak floor and soak toilet . breakfast be good and the lobby be really nice . the pool area and the whole outside be nice as well . now they just need to fix the room so they can match the rest of the hotel . i wouldn t stay there again only if i know the room have have good work put into it .
we love this place . the staff be always very accomodating and the room be super cute . the remodel room be our favorite but the other room be nice too . great place for the price .
i love the front desk an the manager an the maintenance it be good which be why i be there in the first place because of the plumbing in my apartment i enjoy the pool the colored light be nice .hello faith thank you for take the time to review the hotel 502 . we be happy that you enjoy your stay . take care and hope to see you again in the near future .
while make coffee one morning and try to iron a shirt the circuit trip . the sad part be that the gfi be at the end of the electrical run not the beginning so i have to call down to the front desk and wait for someone to reset the circuit at the electrical panel . i shouldn t have blow in the first place but it also should be re wire properly .
there be much to be desire . air cond . didn t work well . no cup in bathroom . the housekeeping employee wake us up . we be not ready to get up before 8 a.m.
horrible
it be great to have a nice big pool i love the outside area and the patch of grass that s in there o and have a breakfast that s way better then anything i can imagine thank so much hope to book again
it s be my 12th time stay at the nolitan hotel of which i call home away from home . here be why i keep come back 1 . the staff be lovely service orient and overall great 2 . the room be clean new and make by the best material and in the exact size you need for a short stay in the city . 3 . the location be by far the best in term of distance from subway best store ayr koio outdoor voices drybar restaurant mikakus sushi sweetgreens and jack wife freda 4 . by far my favorite hotel in the city thank you daniel for the review as always we love to host you at the nolitan let us know when you will be back best regard .
our first family reunion in atl i be very happy with staff professionalism and friendliness to help with suggest . one family have a room problem and it be handle in a timely matter . i would recommend this hotel
this be a very clean hotel . the staff be always very friendly and extremely helpful the breakfast be worth every penny and i would recommend try the french toast . i stay here at least every six month and i be always very pleased with every aspect of my stay
highly recommend this hotel for the proximity to downtown atlanta . excellent room with very good daily service . the water pressure in the shower be outstanding . not something you find in lower quality hotel .
we arrive at the hotel feel positive about the location and warm ish greeting at reception . this feeling do not last long . the pillow be really uncomfortable both of the tap be hot the ac be so loud and make a buzzing noise we ask twice to have this fix and nothing change the fire alarm go off at 3 a.m. and there be never really an excuse give as to what be go on then because we d have no sleep we put the do not disturb sign on and the cleaner bang on our door repeatedly shout housekeeping until we answer . the water be shut off one evening from 11 p.m. 3 a.m. which mean that when we have to go to the toilet it sit there for hour . no one inform us where a smoking area be so we assume there be not one ... this mean that we smoke out the front and get disturb bug and push by homeless people ask for money cigerette etc . it really be just one thing after the other . the cup be so rubbish that they leak my oartner hit his head on the shower because of a stupid bar across the top and they charge 50 dollar a night for a hold this be not really make clear at the beginning and i be leave wonder why i be miss so much from my account . i have stay in many hotel hostel bnb over the year and have just stay in 4 other place all be less money and give a better quality experience .
spend a week here for work and the staff be wonderful . very friendly and helpful . the do a wonderful job and make it very welcoming . i will return when i be back in town again . location be nice with some good restaurant around .
the front desk service be very good . the location and proximity to tourist attraction be great . the bed be very uncomfortable . we do have a problem with our room be clean one day which affect our ability to come back to the room and rest prior to dinner however when this be bring up to thefront desk they immediately address ... more
we have the most amazing stay not be from the area we didn t no much about the place around us so upon ask the front desk staff vanessa we where give direction to everything we could need . our time at the pool conveniently we get room on the same floor as the pool be amazing and much need . breakfast be ... more
stay one night for our medieval time trip . book a double bed . staff very accommodating come with friend and be able to room close together . indoor pool be clean however the jacuzzi tub do not turn on and the water be not hot . room be clean and bed be comfortable . have four pillow per bed bonus i love excessive pillow ... more
what a wonderful surprise this hotel be to us we be greet by the front desk and treat like royalty . although we have to wait a half hour til our room be ready they make sure we be comfortable and give us bottled water . the room be great . a huge bathtub be a delight . i don t normally take a bath ... more
i book this hotel for our layover stay in atlanta due to the proximity to the aquarium . great hotel extremely friendly and helpful staff and the restaurant attach have amazing food i highly recommend
our stay be make so special by the staff here . they go above and beyond to ensure we be comfortable and have all we need . they be determined to make our anniversary weekend a memorable one . the facility be all clean and the helpful staff be always smile .
great stay very satisfied and please with the quality very conveniently locate and very nice indoor pool it be january but the outdoor pool look nice as a courtesy because the room be not ready they give us free breakfast and a movie and a different great room . very clean and good service .
this hotel be an excellent pick for the convenience and location that it be in . we stay in the king city view w whirlpool and for the price it be worth every penny . what i didn t know be that the brave have a game that weekend and the hotel be sell out ... that didn t matter . the staff make us feel like we be ... more
we stay over a 3 day weekend . can t beat the walk to the aquarium childrens museum and olympic park 2 good playground for little one valet parking be 32 buck a night which we think be a bit steep but it be very busy in the area surround the hotel so parking be scarce . restaurant on site legal seafood have ... more
the location of the hotel be great . it be just a short drive to turner field and right across the street from the aquarium and the coke museum . the stay be good as you get your room clean daily with new towel and new soap . the breakfast be very good as it do cost around 12 for adult and ... more
housekeeping do not clean my room . trash be leave on table and in trash can . bath tub be visibly dirty and be not clean at all . bed be make up but one bed be make up with a dirty comforter . i call front desk and they tell me to put trash outside of door and someone bring a comforter and ... more
in town for a sizeable training conference and be able to compare my hotel with the four other approve location . this one be top in upkeep housekeeping staff and price . recommend you make your reservation as soon as you know your date and then keep check up to 72 hour within check in . that s how i save half the original cost .... more
our stay be fantastic our room have a wonderful view of downtown atlanta everyone be very hospitable room be clean and comfortable . a special thank to mr . gary thomas for make sure the our stay be fantastic until the minute we pull away from the hotel parking .
i be go to be in downtown atlanta for a convention and have to check in early . look at their website and call the local phone follow instruction for in house reservation btw the voice mispronounce centennial be hilarious to have our reservation confirm . we have 2 room and the woman identify herself as karla say the room be ... more
manager orlando be very accommodating on the phone and allow us to have a great time in downtown atlanta . the hotel be in a superb location and be easy walk distance to the most touristy site in downtown atl .
a nice hotel . overall nice people . no free breakfast as a hilton honors diamond member . receive a whopping 750 point total for not receive 4 day of free breakfast . nice gym . nice pool . clean room .
i be disappoint in the follow carpet have a lot of what look like roll piece on paper on it the liner for the shower curtain be miss the t.v . do not work and i have to call to have it fix the hair dryer didn t work and i need to call for a new one ... more
within walk distance of major attractions.room be clean and comfortable.breakfast be simply delicious.the highlight for our family be how friendly all the staff were.would stay there in a heartbeat.we go to the zoo and it start to pour one of the desk lady lend us her own umbrella just blow us away .
housekeeping staff say some very rude ugly word when we weren t ready to check out at 8 50 be check out time be suppose to be at 11 am . everything else be awesome and everyone else be also awesome
an excellent team to assist you . opt for the valet parking . nice room restaurant on site front desk service available for your need . closest hotel to aquarium . walk distance to phillips arena . well price value for sure .
the hilton garden inn be in the heart of centennial park . walk distance to the college football hall fame world of coke cola aquarium and the cnn center . great restaurant right across the street stat max pizza two bbq . not to mention legal seafood in the lobby of the hilton garden inn . awesome view of the sky line from the ... more
my family take a quick trip to atlanta to primarily visit the aquarium . we choose this hotel for its proximity . we be delighted to have a room on the 12th floor face centennial park . the sunrise and sunset be beautiful and the night view of the ferris wheel and city light just lovely . the room be a standard 2 queen ... more
overall this be a great property . the lobby restaurant and hotel room be really well do . lot of nice touch with great design . ton of character here . we stay in a double queen room which we think have plenty of space . the gym be locate between two floor and have a peloton bike and the hotel provide the shoe . as a cycling i think this be awesome . i already have a peloton login . the music in the gym however be too loud and we call to have it turn down and the staff couldn t figure out how to do it . the staff be all friendly and courteous bellhops front desk staff and concierge all include . location very convenient to a number of place downtown . bed and pillow be comfortable . tvs change channel without the annoying 1 second delay at most other hotel . there s some construction go on at the property next door to be aware of but it s new york and good luck find somewhere without construction . definitely recommend.dear chitripguy thank you very much for your detailed and wonderful review . i be so glad you enjoy our property from our comfortable room and the gym . we pride ourselves in service and i m very happy to read you ve enjoy your stay . hopefully we get to welcome you back again in the future warmest regard nick hafergeneral manager
only an overnight stay this time but i know i will be back . the room be perfect as always . i be on the 5th floor in a king superior room . i have no view although it didn t matter at all . we have drink on the patio outside the bar and it be extremely pleasant . dinner at atlas be superb and ... more
i love this hotel ... i ve be travel to atlanta for work recently and it be uber convenient for me in a lovely neighborhood . but more than that i feel super welcome and comfortable here . the staff be lovely and friendly and helpful . on my last stay i have a minor issue and get a personal email from manager apologize they ... more
i can t begin to describe how incredible this hotel be service be beyond my expectation . their devotion to 100 satisfaction be evident everywhere we go from the bar the pool room service check in check out and valet . i be proud that my city have such a hotel to represent i most definitely will return
a great classic hotel with old world charm and character and some great service from all the staff i interact with . i stay here for a week and this be one of the best hotel i have stay in for some time . large plush quite room attentive service a good gym and good food in a handy location near buckhead .... more
we stay here in november and have a wonderful stay . the restaurant room service bar and spa be amazing worth every penny and a place to experience the shrimp and grit breakfast item be amazing
i love this place when the room rate be reasonable . the entire property be very upscale and the room be very spacious . this hotel make you feel like you be on vacation while you be do business . there be a terrific bar include outdoor seating when the weather cooperate . there be also several very good restaurant just outside the back ... more
our experience at the st.regis be great all the staff be so attentive nice and helpful . valet be very helpful and nice those guy don t get the tip and credit they deserve the kitchen staff be so nice to store my wedding cake and cut it and put it in box for us the butter service be great everything i ... more
i be quote a price over the phone of 383 weekly and even use my credit card to hold the room . on the day of check in i arrive and my room wasn t even ready even after 5 p.m. then i be tell that room would be over 500 per week and i couldn t afford that . all the man at the ... more
we travel to six flag over ga pretty frequently . this be our first and last time for stay at this hotel . i m generally a 4 5 star reviewer of hotel with the occasional 3 star here and on trip advisor but this be my worst experience . there be plenty of problem with this place but i will start with the pro pro location to 6 flag and room comfort . both of these and parking be fine.con it be not an overstatement to say this be the worst check in experience i ve ever have and not one interaction with staff the rest of the stay would change that . from walk into the hotel to check in to finally walk into my room be probably 45 60 minute and when you be travel with family it s late at night and you have to get up early that s 45 minute you can use . i walk in to the hotel and i be probably 3rd or 4th to check in and the line never move as it take them forever to resolve what appear to be simple problem . i don t know what the other customer issue be but they weren t the problem . by the time i get there i could see why it take a long time . a routine check in with reservation take longer here then anywhere else . when i do finally get my room key i go up to room with family who have be wait way too long and the key don t work and yes i ve stay in enough hotel to know how to use hotel key card . so after try for several minute i go back down to front desk wait in line for about 5 more minute for the two worker to take care of routine check in and have the worker re key the card again and this time i watch to make sure he do them and they do work when i return to room .in my room i check the safe and on the safe it have the note about if you don t want to be bill for not use the safe tell front desk on check out . so the next morning i tell front desk we didn t use the safe and yet he still put it on my bill and would not remove.and this be why i think it be a quality brand issue . they aren t check on their hotel at all . this comment have be make repeatedly on this website and the choice hotel website but it be a problem.on the 3rd floor the elevator have only 1 button since you can only go down but the arrow point up little thing that make no difference on my stay but demonstrate lack of care . the privacy door latch be put up backwards so that it couldn t do anything to keep someone from open the door . these lack of attention to details isn t a big thing by themselves but the accumulation of them be a general sloppiness in maintenance that be apparent.dear guest . i would like to personally apologize for the series of unfortunate incidence that you experience during your stay with us . we continually try to do our very best for all of our guest but unfortunately sometimes we do fail . i will look into each issue that you have note in an attempt to correct and improve our hotel policy . sincerely hotel manager
the staff be really friendly and helpfull the loccation of the hotel be great cause its only two block from central park two block from the subway and within walk distance from cafe and restaurant the building be really old and uncleen and need reinovation now the kitchen and everything in it be too dirty to use wifi be available only at the lobby there be an area to chill like living room on 1 but be too spooky to chill i stay on the 4th floor the door of my room be break and be really difficult to open and close the room and the bathroom be old but clean enough also the matress and pilow be too small finaly the heat on the room be too strong and you couldn t control it so you couldn t stay in the room nor sleep
my husband and i have be come to atlanta for year to visit first baptist atlanta church . we have always stay at the hampton inn perimeter center on hammond dr . and we ve never be disappoint the accommodation here be always very clean and spacious the breakfast be quite good the staff be always super friendly and helpful parking be right at ... more
the hotel seem old and when i check into my room there be a dirty rag leave on the counter in the bathroom . in addition there be mold around the handicap bar at the end where it meet the wall . when i check in the hotel they could not find my hh .
linens be dingy take a while to locate my reservation although i book it through the hotel . the housekeeping staff be pleasant . locate in a central area . overall it be ok confusing though it s situate next to 2 other hotel and a condominium
swiftly clean room just like most hotel . the staff be the best part about stay here . shawn and bianca n. be my favorite . without hesitant go to the moon and back to make sure you feel at home . it s hard to find that at other branch in metro atlanta . bianca n. and shawn be the dynamic duo . whether you need something as small as dish to need a laugh . they be the perfect ones.chanel thank you for make extended stay america atlanta clairmont a part of your travel plan . we be delighted your stay with us be exceptional and that our associate exceed all of your expectation . i will share your wonderful compliment with shawn and biance . thank you for be our guest and we look forward to that next visit.sincerely general manager
entire staff be both accommodating and extreemly pleasant . room be very clean and quiet . i recommend this hotel and plan to stay there when i visit atlanta later in the new year . the only thing that could be improve upon be to serve a full breakfast buffet yum i want to thank you for take the time to post a review of your stay . it be pleasing to know you be well accommodate by our staff and that you would recommend our hotel . thank you again for your review . it would be our pleasure for you to repeat your experience with us in the future .
to be fair i go into this hotel with high expectation base off of multiple stay at the redbury in la . its my go to in la because of how amazing it be it be my third or fourth hotel in the us hand down . the redbury nyc do not compare . the hotel itself a little unkempt . not in a trendy vintage way but in a need some tlc way . we stay in a deluxe double the bed be really small view be bleh and there be a lot of construction across the street so it be noisy on our side early in the morning not the fault of the hotel obviously i can handle all the above and it would not have be an issue however the service be what be so disappointing to me . the bellhop if you can call him that be rude and mumbled thing under his breath after i ask for help to get luggage to the room . note i have to ask when i be clearly walk in with two daughter and luggage . we call to the front to ask for cutlery they say they would check and see if they have any and bring it up twenty minute later my husband have to go and get it . we never hear from them . no one be overly friendly with the exception of two staff one be the housekeeper who be clean the room on the 6th floor when we check in . she have great energy and go out of her way to ask what we need and if she could help in any way . and the second be a gentleman who answer the concierge call when we have a few question about parking . outside of that this hotel really need to step up there customer service game . see also my review of marta . same theme very flat non engaging staff . delicious pizza though . so its almost like you have a great product but your front line be not sell it . overall average which be disappointing for this brand . thank you for share your feedback domenica.we regret that your experience with us be less than ideal . we re disappointed to hear the service you receive wasn t up to par . provide our guest with exceptional service be something we take seriously . please know this will be address with the appropriate member of our team so we may improve for the future.we hope you will give us another chance to show you the service we re truly capable of provide .
the photo s look fantastic . our room however be not . the a c in the room be sellotape into the window and be so noisy we couldn t sleep . room be small . view be invisible due to the filthy window and construction work opposite . the shower leak and flood the bathroom . the sink have no plug . no table or chest of drawer or anything in the room . this be in my opinion be scrape a 3 star if that definitely not a 4.we appreciate the feedback russell.we re disappointed that your stay with us be less than ideal . it s unfortunate you ve notice a decline in the quality of our accommodation and that you have such challenge with your room . we care about the comfort of our guest so we will address your concern with our team move forward.we hope for the opportunity to host you again soon for a more positive experience .
we stay in a king suite for 4 night over the july 4th weekend . i can hardly express how good and positive our stay be . breakfast be very good . the staff be always attentive and kind and helpful . we have difficulty with a flat screen in the bedroom and as we be step out for a few hour on sunday ... more
we recently stay at the silver cloud inn to go to the maroon 5 concert and be very pleasantly surprised . staff be very friendly and helpful . they have a complimentary shuttle bus to take you to the tourist spot . the best be the pool which be open 24 hour we do a day of sightseeing and then relax and have ... more
great breakfast buffet each morning . definitely add value to the price . but otherwise not a great stay . i think their cleaning crew must be understaffed . one day they didn t take out our trash or give us bath rug or hand towel . the six of us in a two bedroom suite share towel and use a washcloth a washcloth for a rug . the next day we didn t get any maid service at all at 6 00 pm we go downstairs and ask for our own towel . the little market store downstairs be sell out of bottled water for two of our five day stay . not have water after a long day of city walking be a real disappointment . and there be no easy market or store within walk distance so we be chug tap water . yuck . my son get sick one night so we hope for ginger ale or sprite or something to settle his stomach . nope . all they have be mountain dew.the location across from lake union be pretty but not convenient for downtown activity . we have to wait up to 20 minute for an uber driver during peak hour . that be poor planning on my part to book here but i have no idea that uber would be so difficult . despite the challenge we do have a decent stay . our two room suite be spacious and comfortable . and again the breakfast be really fantastic.dear value guest thank you for your recent stay with us and provide your honest feedback . on behalf of our team i apologize we fall short of meet our expectation but most importantly yours . it be guest as yourself who help improve our hotel and provide better service in the future . i apologize for the inconvenience of your downtown travel in seattle . however i be glad you be comfortable in our luxurious two bedroom suite . respectfully
my wife and i stay here for three night in april come from victoria on the clipper . the hotel be very conveniently locate just four block from the ferry terminal . we be meet by lee who be very courteous and very helpful with suggestion and direction for sightseeing and restaurant . the room be very nice and very quiet . we enjoy happy hour in the lobby and we have one dinner in the restaurant downstairs . the ambience be very retro . the front desk and cleaning staff be wonderful . we could do all of the sightseeing we want on foot . chihuly garden and glass be a highlight . highly recommended.dear guest thank you for this fantastic review our location really be ideal for on foot sightseeing of the chihuly museum space needle as well the pike place market . nice when we be perfectly place in the middle of these two iconic spot your kudo for lee be so appreciate as well . we pride ourselves on make guest feel as if they ve travel to a home away from home so it would be our greatest honor to welcome you back as our guest again in the future . please feel free to reach out to me directly when you consider your next trip to seattle best regard david bayley
location great . walk distance to everything we want to see . room great . staff very helpful . lee the lovely lady who first see us when we book in couldn t have be more helpful . she give us lot of information about seattle and be extremely friendly and helpful . lee go above and beyond in customer service .
we stay for 1 night for the pearl jam show great friendly staff all the amenity you need cool retro rooms.awesome location a short stroll to pike place market.will stay again on our next trip to seattle for sure hey harry thank so so much for the great review . it be a pleasure have the two of you stay with us and get to chat pearl jam and old seattle rock . it would be great to see you two down from bc again soon cheer until then david bayley
this hotel be conveniently locate off 1 10 but for the price we be a bit disappointed . the carpet in the hallway on our floor be very wrinkle need to be restretche or replace and we have a lot of trouble get our door open as the keylock be rickety and have a sort of personality of its own you have to lean on the door at the same time as put the keycard in the slot . there be a lot of noise from someone in the room above us walk or jump on the floor which of course be our ceiling . it go on for a long time and make it so my mom couldn t sleep so i call the front desk to complain . the front desk clerk must have call them so it stop for a good while happen again briefly and then stop for the night . the breakfast be good pretty standard for la quinta and i like that they have mexican salsa fried potato and good sized disposable paper coffee cup . i don t like the weird industrial type scramble egg at this and other la quintas because they don t even seem like real egg at all more like some liquid egg heat in a microwave . they have little flavor and the texture leave a lot to be desire . wish they be real freshly cook egg and that someone in top management at la quinta headquarters would pay attention and improve that . that would definitely improve my opinion of their breakfast dear traveler thank you for choose our property for your traveling need . we be work on plan to renovate the hotel this year . it be our hope you will come back and see us again . sincerely vickie w.
my daughter and i stay here on our way to california . our be nice our room be clean and very pleasant . the location of the hotel be very close to i 10 . however as the night progress and more guest arrive we could hear footstep above us as the guest walk around . also we have a non smoking room but we could smell cigarette smoke from our restroom .
we really enjoy our overnight stay here . the bed be comfortable . it be clean and quiet . the location be nice and close to the freeway with a lot of food choice close by . we be able to bring our dog too recommend .
we have 4 rm for family reunion . our stay be a great experience . all our family need and request be meet and service exceed our expectation . the rms be clean and restful . the kid have a balst in the pool and breakfast exceed our need . great job tonthe intire staff in arizona
the 2 room suite be great and the overall service be outstanding . the price of the suite be very reasonable . the provide breakfast be great and the front desk personnel be outstanding . we could not have ask for better service . we will stay there on all of our trip to phoenix .
we check in late on friday night . the desk clerk be very friendly and quick to help us get check in . the only issue wass when we go to get in the room . you could only turn the handle upward to open the door . we meet alicia manager at the front desk . the next morning . she be very informative of the surround area and help us get around to place that we want to go to . the bathroom and whole room be very clean and pleasant . the whole staff be friendly professional . this will be my hotel of choice when i come to the phoenix area . thank to alicia and all the staff for help in make it a great weekend stay .
front desk service personnel be very friendly room be very clean ac unit work very well and breakfast be one of the best of all the la quinta s i have stay . highway 10 access be fast and several gas station plus fast food restaurant be within 1 4 mile .
hotel be undergo renovation and lot be construction personnel inside the hotel . the carpet in the hallway be very tired from all of the foot and wheel barrow traffic . i be sure hope that it will be replace as part of the renovation . my stay be satisfactory but could have been nicer without all the work go on .
i stay at this hotel for 2 week . and the staff be always very up beat and friendly and always ready to help . the hotel be clean inside and out . there be always fresh cookie at the front desk along with a smile on the stuff person no matter who the person be behind the counter .
the staff make it a very enjoyable stay . after check in the front desk clerk make fresh cookie and lemonade . the room be very clean and fresh smelling . the breakfast be very good and fresh . will stay on our return trip .
my experience here at la quinta be amazing when i visit pheonix . i recommend this hotel to anyone look for a luxurious stay at an affordable price . their service be great and so be the scenery and other thing about th eroom and hotel .
we check into this hotel on saturday for one night . check in be smooth and easy . we ask for a first floor room when we reserve . they only have an ada room leave which be fine with us . we travel with a lab and first floor be easier for her . the hotel be quite pet friendly but the dog walking area be limit and there be no bag and disposal station . the location be convenient and right off i10 . the area be a little run down but i not to the point of feel any safety issue . the room be comfortable and clean with the usual amenity . the air conditioner be hard to get on the right temperature . the be no wall temperature set so you have to adjust it at the unit which be an older knob type . it take quite a while before we be not freeze out which be better than the alternative in phoenix . the hallway carpet be get a little worn and could stand to be replace . on to the breakfast . this be a pleasant surprise as it be better thsn the typical la quinta breakfast . first of all there be real coffe not an instant machine . there be also sausage link and multiple berry topping for the waffle and whip cream . i usually don t eat these thing for breakfast but since they have them it be a nice treat . the cinnamon toast also look inviting.overall a good stay for one night . give the lack of other thing to do at that location i would not consider it for an extended stay .
this be the dirtiest and least appealing of all la quinta that we have stay in . the main floor hallway carpet be dirty and actually start to lift in place . the room have old and rip furniture and look worn out . a simple thing like a bed skirt look stained and very old . this hotel need a complete reno from exterior to interior include the ground around the hotel . the surround area look unsafe and give us a feeling never to walk around at night . there be no family restaurant in the area.mal i m so sorry that your experience do not live up to expectation . we never want our guest feel unsatisfied or unsafe . i will make sure and forward your comment on to the general manager to make sure that this remain an isolate incident.sincerely la quinta customer care team
this have be our 4 or 5 th time we have stay here for about 4 week and as always if not better our stay be excellent.still miss our morning hug from the staff at breakfast hope to see you all next year . h
this be a nice laquinta hotel . we come back from bearazona wildlife park after go there with our dog timmy and peanut . they be so understand about get us a room as close to a door on the first floor as possible . the room be clean with a fridge and a microwave in it . we be book in february again for our road trip back to las angeles .
hotel have a smell .. business office computer be not work and there be water drip in the business office . staff be friendly . room be clean . light in room could have be better .. i usually stay at hilton brand hotel but all be sell out or over 250 so i select the la quinta.dear traveler thank you for choose our property for your travel need . we appreciate your feedback . we be address the issue you experience during your stay and look forward to provide you exceptional service . we hope to see you again . sincerely vickie w.
room be clean price be reasonable reception staff weren t overly friendly but be pleasant maid service staff be very friendly . i do not have breakfast but my husband do and he be satisfied he be however easy to please . possibly would stay here again it serve its purpose for this trip.dear traveler thank you for stay with us and post a review . we enjoy have you as our guest . i be happy to hear that the housekeeping be friendly . housekeep really enjoy meet our and guest and provide them with a clean room . we hope you will come back and see us again . sincerely vickie w.
be aware that this hotel be currently be renovate . my room itself be ok though the bathroom do not seem like the renovation be finish . poorly instal socket and a crack shower unit . the peephole on the door be not complete and have a kleenex stuff in it . i assume the construction also affect the breakfast which be way below the style i expect at a la quinta . rate be too high for the level of room and breakfast provide . dear traveler thank you for take the time to post a review on behalf of your stay with . we apologize that some of the renovation be take place during your stay . it be through your feedback that we be able to improve what we do . it be our hope you will come back and see us again . sincerely vickie w.
i have a surprisingly disappointing stay at what i think be suppose to be a nice hotel . we be move apartment close by and i book a 3 night stay . the service be almost non existent . we ask for a crib before check in then again three separate time after we check in . it finally arrive after 11 pm we ask for silverware so that we could eat our room service . never bring it . we end up eat with coffee stirrer in the room . no one offer a smile or hello or offer to open a door when i be come through with a stroller . the room be very dated . overall just a very disappointing stay . it seem like this hotel be just rest on a famous name.dear lk198200 thank you for take the time to share your feedback . while we wish you have a better experience it be feedback like this that we learn from and use to improve . we work hard to deliver an exceptional guest experience and it s apparent in this case that we fall short . it be important to us to do what we can to make amend for your stay . if you would like to further discuss your visit please don t hesitate to reach out to our hotel manager massimiliano puglisi directly at massimiliano.puglisirosewoodhotels.com . if you give us a chance to earn back your trust i can assure you that we will do our best to give you the great hotel experience that so many of our guest have grow so fond of . wish you all the best sincerely the carlyle family
we arrive at the beginning of july for a 7 night stay . check in be quick staff friendly . we be upgrade to a room with a kingsize bed give free wifi on the 11th floor.throughout our stay our room be keep spotless with fresh towel and shampoos etc refill on a daily basis . on our last day we be able to stay in our room until 13.00hrs at no extra charge then our suitcase store by the staff for 1 per case.we ask about purchase a jar of cookie to bring home but unfortunately they be not available until 17.00hrs however see the disappointment on our face jessica go the extra mile speak with management we be able to purchase two tin we also be give a few free one to have on our journey home we will definitely return to this hotel when we be next back in new york . ideal location and close enough to be within a short walk of time square but away from the hustle bustle of all the crowd . thank you to all the staff at this hotel.thank for share this lovely review kathryn we re thrilled to hear you enjoy your stay with us at our prime location to time square . it s our pleasure to accommodate you and we appreciate your praise . jessica be an excellent member of our team . she always go above and beyond for our guest . you can see why we love have her here so much we re look forward to share another amazing experience with you soon . have a beautiful day
bad nothing . good hotel staff very friendly and helpful . the cleanliness of the facility be also great . we have stay at the westin a few time and will continue in the future .
bad nothing so far . good perfect location to see the city . the hotel be comfortable clean and spacious and excellent value for money . i would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone .
bad no on site spa service concierge be unable to give us any well think out option . we secure our own spa appointment .
bad everything be so good none . good everything oh my what a view staff be wonderful bed pillow soft food delicious access to so much perfect stay next time i plan on come with my husband so he can experience this wonderful place he be a big cub fan he will love the westin inn north chicago too
bad the only thing that make me upset be the rate for car park 70 dollar crazy but i go with it still a great place . good the hotel be wonderful the room very roomy the view fantastic 15th floor
this hotel be amazing . my husband and i come here for one night to celebrate our 4 year wedding anniversary . the staff be very accommodating and let us check in early . andrew the front desk guy be awesome and send us a bottle of champagne after i tell him why we be here . the room be nice and spacious and the shower be on another level . there be lot of restaurant near by and place to walk to . the light rail be right next to the hotel so it be super easy to get to the restaurant and bar further downtown . we would definitely stay here again . thank you andrew for make our stay amazing hello amanda d we think you be pretty amazing too i will definitely share your accolade with the rest of the team . we hope you can try our restaurant match restaurant and lounge next time you stay . we hope to see you again soon.thanks
i want to surpirse my boyfriend by not have to go home after pick him up from the airport and everything about the hotel be perfect . the location and hotel didn t feel like we be in phoenix and we live here we re so happy to hear you have a wonderful time please visit again soon .
we have a great stay at the foundre while in town for a concert . everything about this hotel be hip right down to the button in the elevator . the art be awesome ... the burt reynolds painting still continue to make me laugh . be sure to check out the artwork of phoenix make out of recycled security envelope and check ... so cool the room have an industrial style and be uber clean . bed be comfy . locate right next to the lightrail it be an easy ride to the center of downtown phoenix . oh and the staff be friendly and helpful wow thank you so much for this awesome review we re so happy to hear you have a great stay and love the hotel . hope you will visit again soon .
industrial vibe very new . comfortable room . fair value . good location . other food and coffee option in walkable distance . ate breakfast onsite two morning the menu be diverse and creative with good prices.thank you joel we re happy to hear you have a great stay . we hope to welcome you again in the future .
this be a fantastic hotel i think it be a hidden gem locate in the art district of phoenix . it be a fairly new hotel very different in a good way from your typical hotel . the ground be spotless plenty of fun place to eat all within walk distance . i would not say it be within walk distance in the middle of summer in phoenix to chase field or talk stick arena . but the light rail have a stop right in front of the hotel and with your game ticket it be a free ride or for 4 buck per person you can ride the light rail anywhere all day . valet parking only option be 25 per day but they be great . staff be very helpful and friendly . room be the best part very industrial but super cool . concrete floor with plenty of area rugs.neat shower and here would be the only complaint . the room be very open the bath room only have frost glass between the bathroom and rest of the room . light from the bath room flood the rest of the room especially on night run to the bathroom . and have at least one other have say you hear all noise come from the bathroom which can be embaresse . we be in room 709 top floor king room with balcony and have an inflatable bed which i sleep on 25 per night it be a south facing room and have a great view of the city . 100 percent recommend this hotel plenty of art all around . just a fun place the hotel be a destination just like a disney hotelthank you so much we re so happy to hear you have such a wonderful stay . hope to see you again soon .
brilliant design great and thoughtful creative art . service be the same . creative bar menu knowledgeable bartenders especially maxwell . room well design interesting design with iron industrial structure . bathroom with double sided sink large walk in shower be great . love the bass egg bluetooth speaker be a surprise bonus . try out find re thank you douglas for this amazing review we re so happy to hear you have a great experience . we hope to see you again soon
i have to say this hotel more than fit the bill for my five night stay in phoenix . the valet be always very helpful and prompt one of them be a hoot . the front desk staff be very nice and helpful . two of the lady one in the morning and one in the evening always ask about my day and be impressed with everything i have be to see . my room be spacious and the bathroom be a bit strange in its layout sink extend from outside into the shower area but it grow on me . they give me plenty of pillow and the bed be comfy my only issue be that the wall be a little thin or it could have be the connect door cause i could hear my neighbor very clearly a few time . the hotel be locate right near us 10 and be in walk distance of the phoenix art museum and the northern part of downtown . sad to leave but overall a great stay.hi jehenson81 thank you for share your experience with us . i will definitely share you accolade with the rest of the team . i know they will be thrill to hear your kind word . i will also share your feedback about the room with connect door with our design team . next time you book your reservation please reach out to me at mrykalskyfoundrehotels.com and i will make sure you be set up in a room without a connect room . we hope to see you again soon thank
i stay in 809 and it be an absolute blast . the view and overall feeling of the suite exactly what i need . treat yourself to it and walk the hotel to view a ton of local art . it s everything i want in a downtown hotel . beautiful design comfy room that wow factor local focused and friendly staff.thank you so much for this awesome review we hope you will come back and stay with us again soon .
this be one of the most memorable hotel i ve stay at from it s eclectic and fun vibe to the gracious and friendly staff . we be greet by angel who be top notch at explain the hotel re image as well as be incredibly thorough on explain the room we reserve it s accommodation and the awesome tablet that be a connection have everything you will need from room service to tourist information . i will be come to phoenix more often in the come year and this hotel will be where i will be stay . the room be clean and gorgeous . we be take picture for the first few minute of arrive because the set up be so appealing and balcony view of downtown phoenix be breathtake . we stay in the balcony king suite and for the price point it be such a great value . i will be recommend this hotel to anyone visit central arizona . thank you to the staff and management for make a quick one night trip so much fun . you all do a superb job at convey what your ideology for a great hotel be . p.s . the amount of charge usb charge port you have around the room make a techy like me giddy . james thank you for make out day we re so happy to hear you love the hotel and enjoy your stay . we appreciate you take the time to share your experience with us . we do hope you will come back and visit us again soon .
our whole experience here be really positive . room be clean comfy and cosy with some fun artwork . staff be friendly and accommodate . the food at the downstairs restaurant be delicious too and parking be really easy . would thoroughly recommend.thank you for this amazing review melissa we hope you will visit again soon .
as christian i find this hotel inappropriate because of what i think be sexually suggestive photo and art work . i would not recommend this hotel for family with child because of the photo and artwork . hi delia our intention be never to offend anyone . one of our value be community and in that we be inclusive of people of all walk of life . we curate all local art from local artist to support our local community but also to support different value and showcase different view from everyone . we certainly understand that not everyone will enjoy or understand the art but we thank you for give us a try . just as any other contemporary museum we showcase art that reflect the life and time of the artist we represent here as an art hotel . we do have family who stay here and enjoy it as a learn experience and we hope to continue to provide that for our guest and local community .
the find re be a unique hotel be special city part hotel part art gallery this be one fun place to stay . my wife and i love it for it s ever change with new work of art instal regularly . the property be centrally locate feature a nice restaurant match and be just across the street from fez one of favorite eatery outside the hotel proper . the find re be also a short walk from the phoenix art museum which be on par with some of the best in san francisco denver chicago and new york.we appreciate the kind word we look forward to see you again
this hotel be a hip slick cool hotel and a great price expose pipe and beam funky light great walk in shower with a shower and mirror in the shower the food be locally sourced and fabulous artwork everywhere in the hotel . close to downtown and light rail from the airport take you right to the front door stay here we re so happy to hear you have a great stay come back soon .
my wife and i love this hotel . our large room be beautifully decorate ... with a super comfortable bed . the ambiance of the hotel i would describe as urban chic boutique style luxury art gallery hotel . the location be wonderful for explore the charming neighborhood and nearby downtown . the service be excellent . brunch be delicious in the charming restaurant . bottom line it combine a fun happen atmosphere with a great stay . i doubt we d look anywhere else in the future . this be the hotel of choice.hi doug k thank you for your kind word we think you re pretty great too we hope to see you again soon.thanks
i use to live in phoenix and i recently move away . i love this area because of the restaurant and place to drink . i stay here for a wedding that be at the phoenix art museum and couldn t be happier with my stay . the hotel be very open and have a modern feel . the bar and restaurant be have cover outdoor seating if you want to enjoy some ray while enjoy a bite to eat . the vietnamese iced coffee drink be my favorite at the bar . the pool be on the smaller size and there weren t that many lounger to lay on but there be good sun and good tune . the studio room be modern have a ton of towel 2 bathrobe and 2 slipper . the room be what i would want in a studio apartment with a comfy bed a place to sit and drink coffee and a desk for do office y type stuff . i don t like put my clothe in drawer so it wasn t a problem for me that there weren t any drawer or cabinet . a lot of place to hang your suit dress if you re in town for business or a wedding . thank you so much for this awesome review . we hope you will choose us again when you make it back it to phoenix .
fantastic place to stay unique environment combine with excellent service to make the perfect location to stay . there be a level of service here that i have not experience anywhere else in phoenix . i will definitely return and recommend to other travelers.thank you so much we re happy to hear you have a great stay
great spot hip chic hotel with good service . room be very nice with unique steel construction . restaurant be delicious and the location be great . light rail stop right in front of the hotel . highly recommend thank you so much we hope to have you back soon .
have a great time amazing place . will definitely be return . do some hiking while we be there and have some great food . great decor and very friendly people . like i say in the title i highly recommend this place.hi robertrykal thank you for share your experience with us i m so glad to hear you have a chance to enjoy our restaurant match restaurant lounge make sure you take advantage of our great summer rate so we can see you again soon have a great day
we where a late check in and juliana be so accommodating . i speak to her a few hour earlier to ask if someone can set up the sofa bed on the room since we where run late and go straight to bed . she do that for us which i really appreciate . thank . the breakfast be delicious and the two attendance where so sweet . i don t remember their name but i just want to say thank . the lady that speak notice my puertorrican accent and tell me that she hope that everything be good with my family back in the island . from the bottom of my heart thank you for be so sweet with me.during check out joy be so understandable with me and my group . sorry for make you separate the reservation balance in 4 credit card . also thank you to the manager by the last name rivera.thank you for share your experience at the towneplace suit anaheim maingate near angel stadium through the guest satisfaction survey.with a mission to provide superior customer service we take great pride in serve your need and be delighted to hear that we have meet your expectation . as a value guest your feedback will be share with the team to continue to inspire and motivate them to deliver exceptional customer service . thank you for stay at the towneplace suit anaheim maingate near angel stadium and we hope you choose to stay with us again whenever your travel need bring you back to anaheim . sincerely edgar riverageneral manageredgar.riveramarriott.com
this be my favourite place to stay at anaheim . ms joy be do excellent customer service and her service inspire during the stay marriott be lucky to have with her any one want to stay in this area so this be suitable regard rama subbu muthurajwe be delighted to have be your choose hotel during your recent stay in anaheim . it wastruly a pleasure to serve you.we appreciate your business and value your honest feedback . your comment have be share withthe hotel team as a critical way of understanding how we can continue to deliver exceptional serviceto guest like you.thank you for stay at the towneplace suit anaheim maingate near angel stadium and we hope you choose to create more memory withus whenever your travel bring you back to anaheim.sincerely edgar riverageneral managertowneplace suite by marriottedgar.riveramarriott.com714 939 9700
overall it wasn t a horrible stay . we want a suite since we be travel with a baby and child . we be also go to disnleyland and want to be able to prep our lunch and come back to make dinner . the kitchen have everything you need . the breakfast provide each morning be impressive . we first book into a studio which didn t have a function bathtub so we very quickly get upgrade to a two bedroom suite which be extremely impressive . load of space . the first day our room get clean the cleaner accidentally throw away my son baby of baby food formula and all his supply . they say it be mistake for garbage . after a mad dash to target only a few minute away be able to replace everything . they give us a discount on our room . don t know if i d stay again as it be still a drive to from disnleyland which be the main purpose of the holiday . it be close to shopping dining and grocery . if your go for baseball the field be across the road . people complain of train but we be on the first floor face the track and it didn t bother us one bit.thank you for choose the towneplace suit anaheim for your stay . we be delighted to hear the kitchen in the guest room supply everything you need and find the complimentary morning breakfast impressive . additionally we be very truly sorry that your son s supply be throw away by accident . this issue will definitely be address in order to prevent this from happen again in the future please accept our apology . in addition the hotel do offer an anaheim resort transit art shuttle stop right outside the front of the hotel and travel to disneyland for a small fee it usually make stop every hour daily during disney operate hour . the art ticket can be purchase at our front desk daily and they be good for all day so you can go back and forth as many time as you wish . we apologize if this be not offer to you upon check in . again thank you for your review of the hotel as these review assist us in continuously look at way to enhance the stay of all our current and future guest .
my husband and i just complete a stay here and really love it . the staff could not be more accommodating . kitchen be really kitchen equip a working oven . we barbeque steak on the outside grill by the pool . however do this before the sun go down . there isn t much light in that area after dark . we do have small red ant upon arrival and they move us to another more expensive room without charge . fantastic staff . this be really the only place to stay .
joy she be there whenever we need anything and she be so flexible and understanding . she make great suggestion and understand what we need before we do . that be kind of how the whole hotel work . everything be stock clean and work well . you could ask any staff member for something and they make it happen . breakfast be stock and the staff member there be quick to clean and help out . i be really blow away by everyone s attitude . no one seem to be tired of deal with guest like you see at other hotel . carlos check us out and he show us the same amount of flexibility and the didn t overcharge for thing they could have . also it s a great location close to anything you d need.we be delighted to have be your choose hotel during your recent stay in anaheim . it wastruly a pleasure to serve you.we appreciate your business and value your honest feedback . your comment have be share withthe hotel team as a critical way of understanding how we can continue to deliver exceptional serviceto guest like you.thank you for stay at the towneplace suit anaheim maingate near angel stadium and we hope you choose to create more memory withus whenever your travel bring you back to anaheim.sincerely edgar riverageneral managertowneplace suite by marriottedgar.riveramarriott.com714 939 9700
this hotel be fantastic . the hotel be clean and organized . the staff be very helpful patient and know their job well . i be on my own with my son and the staff recommend top place to visit as well give me suggestion in save some money too . mary angeles joy patrick adriana domi catalina ashley oh boy i could go on genuine people who treat you like you be part of a family . i will always come back here again . i would definitely recommend this place to anyone and everyone . we have a wonderful time here and the memory we make be precious . there be not enough word to describe just how care the people here at this hotel . please take my advice and come here you will not be disappointed.thank youdear leticia thank you for share your experience at the towneplace suit anaheim maingate near angel stadium.with a mission to provide superior customer service we take great pride in serve your need and be delighted to hear that we have meet your expectation . as a value guest and marriott rewards member your feedback will be share with the team to continue to inspire and motivate them to deliver exceptional customer service . thank you for stay at the towneplace suit anaheim maingate near angel stadium and we hope you choose to stay with us again whenever your travel need bring you back to anaheim . sincerely mary angeles clementeassistant general manager towneplace suites anaheim maingate near angel stadiummary.angelesmarriott.com714.939.9700
great room it be so nice have a kitchen great money saver the staff all be all very helpful and friendly . thank you susana for clean our room perfectly every day the free breakfast be way better than we expect we be delighted to have be your choose hotel during your recent stay in anaheim . it be truly a pleasure to serve you . we appreciate your business and value your honest feedback . your comment have be share with the hotel team as a critical way of understanding how we can continue to deliver exceptional service to guest like you . thank you for stay at the towneplace suit anaheim maingate near angel stadium and we hope you choose to create more memory with us whenever your travel bring you back to anaheim . sincerely edgar rivera general manager towneplace suite by marriott edgar.riveramarriott.com 714 939 9700
i would love to write a great reveiw to this hotel just like the majority of the other people here.however ...... i do not actually get to stay here . a booking be make by telephone for a 2 bed suite for new year eve . we arrive ready to check in . unfortunately the desk clerk be totally unhelpful . our reservation be non existant . the clerk do not give a damn . we have travel only a relatively short time 150 mile but now be without accomodation on new year . the clerk would not even help with find an alternative . the reservation have be check twice before arrive the first time be 2 day prior and then the night before arrive . the number we be give be confirm both time on the phone so we travel to anaheim without any worry . how wrong we be the reservation number that be confirm twice have now upon arrival turn into a non existant number . there be no record of the whole transaction . after try unsucsessfully to get any help whatsoever from the staff we decide to give up and find an alternative . as can be expect the area be book up except for one place a real roach motel . we choose to stay there another bad choice and have the worse night sleep ever . thank to marriot the 2009 celebration be ruin what more can i say except check check and double check even after you receive a conformation number . get it in write it look like they have double book and try to fob us off . hope this reveiw be helpful to everyone .
my wife and a number of her co worker be stay here for 2 week while work at the nearby convention center i decide to tag along for 5 night . the room come equip with a small kitchen which be good for extend stay however you would need a car as there be no grocery store within walk distance . the hotel be about a mile from disneyland and the convention center but be reight beside angel stadium and have some decent restaurant within walk distance . the biggest issue i have with the hotel be the noise from the train pass by as the rail line be directly behind the hotel . the temperature be very comfortable in the evening so we leave the window open big mistake . i be awaken at 4.30am by a train go through with its horn blare if you ve see my cousin vinnie it be pretty much like that . have travel from the east coast i be then wide awake . train start come through on a regular basis after that pretty much every 1 2 hour or hour . a number of people in our group have the same issue and resort to ambien to try and sleep through .
everything be great . the worker at the front desk be all nice and very helpful . all the room be suite and they be all very clean and spacious . the best thing about it be the proximity to angel stadium . we go to go watch the giant play the angel for two day and the hotel be literally across the street from the stadium . they even let you choose what you want from their continental breakfast when you check in and have it ready for you to pick up in the morning in the lobby . there be also place to eat very close by and although we didn t get in not enough time the pool it look clean and like a nice place to relax . i will definitely stay here again whenever i be in anaheim great hotel for a great price .
nice suite with 2 bedroom fold out couch be great to have 3 separate place to sleep for 3 guy in town for la angel vs red sox baseball game .. great ideal location for ballpark access w parking include easy walk to ball field . great breakfast . best value for suite of any hotel i stay in over my week in california . all room in suite be clean nice . would also be good for family go to nearby disneyland we be delighted to have be your choose hotel during your recent stay in anaheim . it wastruly a pleasure to serve you.we appreciate your business and value your honest feedback . your comment have be share withthe hotel team as a critical way of understanding how we can continue to deliver exceptional serviceto guest like you.thank you for stay at the towneplace suit anaheim maingate near angel stadium and we hope you choose to create more memory withus whenever your travel bring you back to anaheim.sincerely edgar riverageneral managertowneplace suite by marriottedgar.riveramarriott.com714 939 9700
we be very pleased with this place . helpful staff big clean comfortable suite . 2br suite be perfect for 2 adult 2 kid . no breakfast but it be a pleasant stroll to both carl s starbucks can t complain great deal for the would definitely stay here again .
the room be very spacious and clean however very noisy be on the second floor . kid jump and run all hour of day and night . front staff be very helpful and the breakfast be great . shuttle art pay as you go or get a pass at the office be just outside the door as be denny s and starbucks . not the usual mariott standard though . older small pool . hence the 3 star.dear value guest thank you for your review . i be sorry to hear that we do not live up to your expectation . please feel free to contact me personally to discuss your stay in more detail so i know how we can turn your three into a five.hospitably greg williamsgeneral managergreg.williamsmarriott.com714 939 9700
we stay at this hotel every year same time for an event at angel stadium the 1st weekend in jan.we never have issue but when it rain it pour with this group ... we check in and they lose our reservation because i have call on a re rate . they change the name on the reservation they change it from a one bed to a studio and raise the rate from 109 to 129 we book in oct but 1st of nov they put up a disclaimer that the hotel be under remodel ... but the disclaimer be not on the webpage when we book . remodel be an understatement its a train wreck . there be 4 or 6 couch pile up in front of a cargo bin just sit there with some other ragged furniture and lamp in part of the parking lot.our 1st room be nice but get to the room be a mess floorboard miss wall mess up the door wide open to the electronics closet which can not be see by the front desk so anyone could walk in and create havoc . i be sure there be credit card info in those backup etc.it be late about 10 30 and we rent a ppv and then we hear something in the kitchen area and its a rat that run behind the stove and now be stuck and scream . so we go down to the front desk and then send a guy up to try and catch the rat . he can not catch it so they tell us we need to move to the other building.we do and its a bigger mess then the 1st building . there be black goop all over the floor in lead to the elevator and then in the elevator too the 2nd building be old smell and need remodel bad . the new room be 2 bedroom but its hit and miss way to much furniture kitchen be date microwave fall down dusty and dirty and about a 3 gap under the front door so someone could look in if they wanted.when we tell them the room will not work they offer to move us back to the 1st building but to the room a join the room with the ratit be just a trip hotel from hell which be really sad because its normally an ok hotel . we book next time at hilton.was really disappoint that management didn t reach out to us in till we contact them.john dominguez assistant gm useless thank you for rate us on trip advisor as we be always look to improve our hotel and do well by all of our guest . as most business professional i be not available during the weekend while you be here at the property however we always have a manager on duty.as we be currently undergo renovation we have the challenge of insure that our hotel continue to operate with minimal disruption to our guest . we understand that find a mouse in your room can be an unnerve situation and try to put you at ease for the duration of your stay . my staff do need to relocate you to another room so that we could have an external company resolve the issue which have now be rectify and make sure that you have a comfortable and pest free stay.im happy to see that my staff offer you an upgrade newly renovate accessibility suite that do not have any adjoin wall or door to the previous room . we be sorry that you decline it . my understanding be the manager also offer to purchase a shower chair as the remain 16 accessible room be fully commit . the suite that you be relocate to be an upgrade suite as an additional apology for the issue that occur . in my email to you on monday after you have depart i explain that the renovation construction team work in the building you have relocate to do in fact make scuff mark on the floor from the tire of the dolly s that they be use to move the larger furniture out of the room to make way for the new furniture that we be receive . as we place you in an un renovate suite for the final part of your stay i can understand why you would feel it be out date as the renovation be to give us a more modern and updated look and this suite have not be complete as of yet . as per marriott standard the renovation information be available to all guest as of the beginning of october prior to when your reservation be make . jeanette the manager on duty remove your charge for the first night due to the mouse incident while isolate be unacceptable . we sincerely apologize as no guest should ever experience that . as you have state you have stay with us numerous time and have never have any issues.the room you notice with the door open be await a new air conditioning unit there be nothing in this room that would present a security issue for our guest . we will also be purchase some extra assistance chair to accommodate past our eighteen accessibility room . again our apology that your stay be less than perfect . we hope that you will give us another opportunity to welcome you again during the annual super cross event at angel stadium .
hotel staythe company i work for be locate in san francisco . last week i be send down to the anaheim office for 2 1 2 day from wednesday to friday . during my business trip last week i stay at this hotel for two night . originally my boss try to book my reservation at ayre hotel which accord to him be about 220 yard away from the office . however the second night be fully book . the last minute my boss book the other closest hotel which be towneplace suite anaheim . accord to google map the location of this hotel be about a 10 minute walk . i ve walk from this hotel to the office . the walk time be a lot less then 10 minute . i can not compare this hotel to ayre hotel at the moment . however this hotel be not only close to the anaheim office but also be situate with a lot of nice restaurant that be one block away . the room i stay in be a studio suite which include a kitchen . there be decent space inside the room unlike most hotel room as this room have a couch and kitchen . twice at night around 9 p.m. i swam at the swimming pool and sit in the whirlpool . the swimming pool be slightly heat while the whirlpool be really heat . go to the swimming area help me relax from that day s work . the one main knock i would say be the complimentary breakfast . the breakfast be buffet style with pastry bread coffee egg and sausage . both time i ve have breakfast the egg be overcook and the sausage be cold . i don t mind if the complimentary breakfast be only pastry and coffee . however if there be hot cooked food on the complimentary breakfast then item such as fry egg and sausage shouldn t be stale . overall i enjoy my two night at this hotel during my business trip.we be delighted to have be your choose hotel during your recent stay in anaheim . it wastruly a pleasure to serve you.we appreciate your business and value your honest feedback . your comment have be share withthe hotel team as a critical way of understanding how we can continue to deliver exceptional serviceto guest like you.thank you for stay at the towneplace suit anaheim maingate near angel stadium and we hope you choose to create more memory withus whenever your travel bring you back to anaheim.sincerely edgar riverageneral manager edgar.riveramarriott.com
nice and quiet area . clean room . good breakfast . convenient to use the a.r.t . shuttle to disneyland . great and friendly staff rafael make check in fun and easy especially since my wife be guest of the day . lobby need more space.we be delighted to have be your choose hotel during your recent stay in anaheim . it wastruly a pleasure to serve you.we appreciate your business and value your honest feedback . your comment have be share withthe hotel team as a critical way of understanding how we can continue to deliver exceptional serviceto guest like you.thank you for stay at the towneplace suit anaheim maingate near angel stadium and we hope you choose to create more memory withus whenever your travel bring you back to anaheim.sincerely edgar riverageneral managertowneplace suite by marriottedgar.riveramarriott.com714 939 9700
the two bedroom suite work out very well for kid . staff of hotel be very helpful . close to disney and other attraction . reasonably price .
have a full kitchen be a great feature and breakfast include be a nice way to start the day . our room be close to the office and that work out well for us . our only complaint be that the bathroom door room 202 do not lock . all staff be very friendly anf helpful . a schedule for the shuttle would have help and notification that there be a senior rate for the shuttle.we be delighted to have be your choose hotel during your recent stay in anaheim . it wastruly a pleasure to serve you.we appreciate your business and value your honest feedback . your comment have be share withthe hotel team as a critical way of understanding how we can continue to deliver exceptional serviceto guest like you.thank you for stay at the towneplace suit anaheim maingate near angel stadium and we hope you choose to create more memory withus whenever your travel bring you back to anaheim.sincerely edgar riverageneral managertowneplace suite by marriottedgar.riveramarriott.com714 939 9700
we spend 3 day at this hotel whilst at a convention at the anaheim convention center and at disneyland . although this be not the closest hotel property to either it be the best as far as hospitality and professionalism go . we arrive a bit before the post check in and before too long we be able to go to our room . i have to say the visit to the towneplace suites anaheim be make exceptional by the staff that work there notably adilene at the front desk . the smile and professional service that she provide be what one would expect at a ritz carlton or st . regis property . note to management you should hold on to and value employee like adilene.dear value guest thank you for your 5 star review . i be glad to hear that adi and our team be able to give you 5 star service during your visit to anaheim.i hope to see you on our next disneyland adventure hospitably greg williamsgeneral manager
this be a great marriott property if you want to be close to the baseball game . i choose this location as it be close enough for me to conduct my business yet far enough away from my local family centrally locate and surround by eatery . staff at this location be phenomenal and go above and beyond to ensure your stay be pleasant dear guest thank you for share your experience at the towneplace suit anaheim maingate near angel stadium through the guest satisfaction survey.as a value guest we appreciate your feedback and be delighted to hear that you have a great stay . with a spirit to serve we take great pride in not only meet but exceed your expectation . your feedback be integral to our ability to continue to improve our service . thank you again for your time and come visit us again soon sincerely edgar riverageneral manager edgar.riveramarriott.com
we stay in a two bedroom apartment during our stay in anaheim in june 2004 . we have two young child 3 and 5 . the apartment be clean and well equipped . the bed be comfy and the linen fresh . we love the location near dennys starbucks panda express and mc donald . we make our booking on the net from australia and find our request have be answer perfectly . a corner non smoking room . another great feature be the free parking and free shuttle to disneyland . there be three t.v . s all have cable which the kid love . there be a bath lot of towel . i highly recommend this hotel to family with young child we be very impressed .
we be extremely satisfied with our stay . they have an excellent breakfast which we enjoy everyday we be there . the room have everything you need for an extended stay . everything you would need for cook and serve meal plus a full size refrigerator microwave stove and oven . very comfortable room . the staff be very friendly and accommodating . joy at the front desk be very helpful during our stay . we will definitely come back on our next trip so socal.dear rick thank you for share your experience at the towneplace suit anaheim maingate near angel stadium.with a mission to provide superior customer service we take great pride in serve your need and be delighted to hear that we have meet your expectation . as a value member your feedback will be share with the team to continue to inspire and motivate them to deliver exceptional customer service . thank you for stay at the towneplace suit anaheim maingate near angel stadium and we hope you choose to stay with us again whenever your travel need bring you back to anaheim . sincerely mary angeles clementeassistant general manager towneplace suites anaheim maingate near angel stadiummary.angelesmarriott.com714.939.9700
this property be in a great location and it be very clean the staff be extremely friendly and the complimentary breakfast be great we will be stay at this location again for sure the next time we be in the area.dear guest thank you for share your experience at the towneplace suit anaheim maingate near angel stadium through the guest satisfaction survey.as a value guest we appreciate your feedback and be delighted to hear that you have a great stay . with a spirit to serve we take great pride in not only meet but exceed your expectation . your feedback be integral to our ability to continue to improve our service . thank you again for your time and come visit us again soon sincerely edgar riverageneral manager edgar.riveramarriott.com
we have a 15 night stay and this be perfect . there be great restaurant nearby and the kitchenette be great to make thing in your room and save on meal . the staff be very accomodating and support any request that we make . particularly when we need an extra night and they be oversold . aric be a gem constantly check on how we be do when he see us on the property and assist with some printing need when the lobby printer be tie up and i need to get some thing mail asap . i definately recommend this hotel if you be go to disney or look to attend an angel game.dear value guest thank you so much for your wonderful review . i be so glad to hear that we be able to accommodate you and your family.hope to see you again on your next trip to anaheim.hospitably greg williamsgeneral manager
i be a gold elite member with the marriott brand . we stay here earlier this month . i didn t have time to get around to make a complaint because we be get thing do for my mother in law s funeral . first off the first room we be give smell like mildew . it be disgusting . so i go to the front desk and be give a second room next door to this room . it do not smell any better . so i be give a third room this time in the main building . so we move our thing to this room . i brush my tooth and get into bed it be then 1 00am approximately . i lie on the right side of the bed and the bed break i be about 180 pound why be the bed break i fall out of the bed and hit my head on the corner of the night stand . at this point i be beyond furious . i calmly walk back to the lobby and explain to the gentleman . he apologize and i be give a fourth room . the next morning i go to down to talk to the manager but the manager be in a meeting and the lady at the front desk rudely tell me the guy from night shift compe my room what else do i want . i could ve of choke the ignorant lady . so i checkout and move to a different hotel . a manager name patrick call and leave a voicemail the next afternoon . i call patrick back multiple time and leave voicemail . never receive a phone call at all or email nothing . we have stay at this hotel for almost 5 year in a row . it s the only hotel we stay at in anaheim . this be beyond ridiculous . category 6 this place should be more of an 2 or 3 . i have stay at nicer category 3 4 5 hotel . i will never stay at this hotel again . be this the type of name marriott want for itself should i take my loyalty to a different brand dear floydmcmillan2007 good day please accept my sincere apology on behalf of towne place suit anaheim i be very sorry to learn that your experience with us during your visit be not up to your par . rest assure that we be now work on the issue and try our best to fix the problem and i would like to thank you upon bring this matter to our attention . your comment will help us serve you and our entire guest better in the future.we apologize for the annoyance inconvenience that this may have cause to you.we continue to be commit to provide you and all our guest with the highest standard of service in the industry . we look forward to your continued patronage and wish you the best.i hope to see you again here in anaheim towne place suite so we can better serve you.mary angeles clementeassistant general manager
clearly this be a popular hotel . one look at the lobby area the common area and your room will tell you this hotel get lot and lot of use . it look like it need some tlc and a face lift . nothing be dirty just shabby . nothing be wear to a fray just run down . the staff be friendly and efficient but not especially helpful . the furnishing in the room be probably highly functional when instal but now really show their age and overuse . the sofa in my room be stain in many place . the linen be gray from clean too many time the bed a little lumpy from too many night use without replacement.not a bad hotel just not a great hotel either.dear goldenbearhusker thank you for take the time to review your recent stay at the towneplace suit anaheim maingate marriott . we appreciate your candid review of the amenity and service offer at our hotel and we hope to turn your average experience into a superb visit the next time you be in the orange county area . we apologize for not meetig your expectation on this last stay but rest assure that we take all of your comment into consideration when look for way to improve on the quality and feature offer at our hotel . please feel free to contact me personally when you be in the area again as i would be happy to assist in any way possible . warmest regard adam sahagun
wonderful hotel great location excellent staff front desk be just fabulous and all facility be good . this would be the ideal place for the family when they visit disney . the surrounding be very family friendly with a lot of eatery around . the hotel staff be very helpful at all time . room be very comfortable and convenient . amenity be good.dear vinayak s thank you for share your experience at the towneplace suit anaheim maingate near angel stadium.with a mission to provide superior customer service we take great pride in serve your need and be delighted to hear that we have meet your expectation . as a value guest your feedback will be share with the team to continue to inspire and motivate them to deliver exceptional customer service . thank you for stay at the towneplace suit anaheim maingate near angel stadium and we hope you choose to stay with us again whenever your travel need bring you back to anaheim . sincerely mary angeles clementeassistant general manager towneplace suites anaheim maingate near angel stadiummary.angelesmarriott.com714.939.9700
overall we be marriott gold elite member and have the marriott credit card so we really do marriott all the time but this be one of the location that have very poor upkeep . our room have a funny mold smell and the sink and shower do not drain properly there be the toilet paper roll that be break a picture frame be not mount correctly and fall to the floor . the microwave be mount not at a level . and the list go on ... thank you for take the time to share your thought regard this issue . we appreciate you bring it to our attention . we will share your message appropriately within the organization . edgar riverageneral manager
we stay here for a trip to disneyland . the good 1 bedroom suite be very large . the bedroom area be small but the live area be huge . great work desk area and very nice kitchenette with a nearly full sized refrigerator small stove microwave etc . some thing be recently renovate and look very nice . the staff be great helpful and friendly . location be great lot of stuff nearby on the art route to disney and close to freeway . breakfast be small but a decent selection the waffle be really good and they have tray so that you could take food back to your room . the bad some part of the hotel have not be renovate so there be a mix of new nice and old run down in the same room i.e bathroom counter be nice but the rest of the bathroom be date . old dresser in the bedroom but tv s be nicer . the carpeting be old and the door to the room be wear and actually have some non matching paint spot cover some type of damage but the kitchenette be very nice as be the desk area and newer cabinet that be part of the desk area . for have a large living space there wasn t a lot of seating . so there be a small sofabed and a table with just one chair . it would be nice to have the table and 4 chair so that if multiple people be in the room a standard family there would be place to sit as the couch would only really fit 2 3 people . the other bad be that while i book the room use marriott point and be tell that they would only place a 40 hold for incidental on my credit card the system automatically put a hold for 170 for each night of your stay unless the clerk remove your card info and override the system . i didn t know this until i look online at my credit card account . fortunately sam at the front desk be great and get the hold for the first night remove and make sure that no hold be place on the 2nd night . still though unsettle to have some unexpected hold on your account . i ve never have that happen at any other marriott property . i also have trouble connect to the wifi it keep give me an error that i couldn t log into the wifi with my room number and last name . but it actually still connect me on all device i try so i just ignore the error and it work just fine.martha c.thank you for take the time to review your recent stay at the towneplace suit anaheim maingate . we appreciate your kind word regard your satisfaction with the friendly staff amenity in the room and overall location of the hotel . we pride ourselves on be able to provide you with a wonderful experience and we be happy to hear that you would return to the property on your future visit to orange county.i apologize that you experience a few issue during your stay but be glad to see that we be able to resolve those during the few day you be visit with us . thank you for give us the opportunity to wow you in the future and please feel free to contact me directly if you have any further question or concern . adam
i be visit the area for business and pick this hotel for its proximity to my meeting . i have some flight issue fly into california so have to call and change my reservation . when i call the hotel i speak with viri who be super helpful and very friendly . she take care of everything and have a great sense of humor . when i check in viri happen to be work with a few other at the front desk . they be all extremely friendly and welcoming . the coffee in the lobby all day be a nice perk . i be unable to enjoy breakfast but it look nice as i grab an apple and run out the door to meeting . i will definitely be stay at this location if i have any future business in the anaheim area . management should be proud of their friendly helpful and smile staff .
first time in new orleans plan to stay here for 3 night but end up stay for 5 . mainly because he owner lauren and daniel be such excellent host . great advice on where to go and what to do nothing better than a local to give you advice . the hotel be quiet when we be there so lauren and daniel sit with us a breakfast and help us plan our day . room spotlessly clean . all of their suggestion be spot on . good little pool with sun deck unusual for a bb . we visit the ww11 museum which be outstanding but allow at least 4 hour for your visit . burboun st be a disappointment but go to frenchman st for great music and food . try 30 90o bar for music . highly recommend and within walk distance be the lounge best rib ever . another reviewer speak of the area we drive down from houston and arrive about 6 p.m. we be slightly concerned as the area have some building with a lot of graffiti on them however they be be develop and the owner say the area have change a great deal over the last few year and be become one of no seek after place to live . its abut a 5 10 minute trip by uber taxi into the french quarter . altogether a great place to stay and would highly recommend .
the owner of the hotel storyville go above and beyond to help us put on a birthday party in the garden . the evening be a great success . the room be clean and well furnished and the location can t be beat .
this thing do not have to be call a hotel this be the worst place ever hygiene be something the hotel do not know exsist you can see food cigarette use condom and much more just a foot outside your door.nasty party during night we even have to call the police one night just do not go to that place ever
very impressed with the scene when i walk in . didn t take me long to realize that the ace have focus on aesthetic rather than service . i arrive 90 minute after check in time . take them over 30 minute to get it ready . in the meantime i have to first deal with a smug wannabe hipster and then a woman who ... more
this really be a great boutique hotel . the bed be comfortable the shower hot and refreshing . nicely appoint and great customer service . why only 3 star this hotel be obviously a factory or warehouse at one stage so the concrete support column in the bedroom be a necessity . see photo . however it be paint black and at 3 a.m. wheni get ... more
we thoroughly enjoy our stay at xv beacon . all of the staff be friendly and attentive . the location be perfect for explore boston and for anywhere a little further a drive service be offer . the driver mark be very friendly and make sure to point out notable site along the drive . the rate be expensive but we enjoy the high level of service with multiple tidy service offer each day . the room be very comfortable for us .
great place right in the middle of the north end . literally on hanover street room be clean and look brand new . there be no parking so we stay at haymarket garage and walk 5 minute . check in at restaurant
the location for this hotel be great right in the middle of the north end and close walk distance to faneuil hall etc . modern efficient with large tv and electric fireplace . very nice bathroom with standup shower but lack in horizontal surface for toiletry .
nice place with a great staff . this place be clean and well maintain . be massachusetts there be no alcoholic beverage during the manager reception . the breakfast be great too . the bar remain open until midnight and be a great place to unwind after visit the city .
overnight in walk distance of subway park and downtown . staff be very helpful . good value for the money
arrive after a long flight it be a delight to find such a tranquil beautiful haven . my room be large and full of lovely antique and there be everything a tired traveller could wish for . i ve already recommend it to a friend .
really enjoy our stay and would highly recommend it to just about anyone . love the old victorian ambiance and decor . the location be prime for us we walk everywhere . downside be parking have to park in the common garage but pretty walk back as long as it s not rain or snow . and i really get the impression that a more traditional american bfast would be serve but it be more like what you get at a chain hotel .
unbeatable location next to newbury street . lovely clean comfortable room with amenity . generous continental breakfast . coffee and tea always available often with delicious cookie very friendly helpful staff . very easy to come and go as they give you the code . third time stay here.thank you for your kind word . we always enjoy see you and your family look forward to welcome you again
i didn t notice that this hotel room have share bathroom . it be very inconvenient for me .
the location of this hotel be amazing and the price be right . unfortunately it be a weekend and the hotel be host a wedding . as a result it be very loud . i be assure by the staff that it would end around 10 30 but the party be yell and slam door until at least 11 30 . there be a note in my room to respect quiet time from 10p 6a but i guess that apply only to me . i have an early morning event to attend so i wouldn t recommend stay here on a weekend if you intend to get any rest . also my room have a share bath which be very poorly treat by whomever else be share it . be advise that sometimes other guest may not be as civilized as you be .
if you be look for a hotel near the french quarter and want luxury and service this be the hotel for you . all room be clean a good size and beautiful.the staff be so helpful and we be in the hotel restaurant a couple of time and the food be delicious and very helpful staff.when we come to new orleans again this hotel be a must for us.sandgt thank you for take time to leave feedback on our hotel we take pride in give excellent service for everyone who walk through our hotel and be happy to hear that you love your stay with us as well as the helpfulness of the staff the food beverage team will be thrill to hear of your love of the food as well we be lucky to work in a historic property in its prime location but know that without a consistent level of top notch service our guest would choose one of the many other option nearby . again thank you for promote us on tripadvisor . we look forward to host you during your next stay have a wonderful day
this be a beautiful clean well maintain hotel locate one block off of bourbon street . we have a first floor room presumably loudest in term of street noise but apart from hear people in the lobby check in or out it be incredibly quiet the bathroom be tiny but very clean the towel be plush and large the bedding be luxurious . the ... more
we have an amazing time at the cornstalk hotel . ms.sharon be wonderful . the hotel be a lovely old new orleans style . it s cozy and romantic . i look forward to go back for another visit . we go for our 25th anniversary and the staff go above and beyond to make it extra special . thank you
beautiful place near bourbon street but quiet . staff be warm and welcoming room be very clean and full of charm . would recommend to anyone . very close to restaurant and other place to visit . great trip . thank you
dirty carpet dirty bathroom floor . one light out in the bathroom . poor lighting in the room bathroom for apply make up . wall of window should have black out curtain and shade . walk in tot he cornstalk it smell like pot smoking 4 day out of the 6 we stay .
one of the best place you will ever stay in new orleans . absolutely delightful and right in the middle of the quarter but far enough away from the noise . this exceptional hotel have be around for a very long time and there be a reason . pure beauty and fabulous staff .
i love my stay at cornstalk . the atmosphere be very family like and personal . shay be amazing make cookie and make me feel like family . the big chain hotel can t compete with how the cornstalk hotel make you feel at home even when your thousand of mile away from home .
be in an old 1800 s house hotel have 14 room only room be small but we will appoint . room 101 be know as the elvis room he stay here during a filming on one of his movie .
stay downstairs no elevator . no bell hop . no amenity but great location within walk distance to everything in the french quarter . historic and beautiful . hope someone will restore great old home to better amenity .
great stay overall the room be suppose to have a balcony but it wasn t open . will definitely go again if we get the chance though .
we stay here for a night and absolutely love it . the hotel staff be courteous helpful and very personable . the only thing we could suggest be that they could have something other than water for their guest to drink . other than that and that wasn t really a big deal at all everything be splendid .
this hotel be perfect for be close to everything but that be all it be perfect for . we have a cockroach in our room the last night we stay there and thank god it be the last night . they clearly do not have a pest control contract that treat the place for roach regularly enough . i could see the light ... more
just have to give this hotel a thumb up for make a great visit to the french quarter even better . the worker be hospitable friendly and go out of their way to make sure we be take care of . we stay in the two bedroom suite and for the value it be just right . the room be clean everything be ... more
hotel look very dark weird smell 105 dollar per night . complementary internet and continental breakfast . location be in french area very handy if u want to go out . small pool of u want to swimming . 25 dollar parking .
this be an unexpected surprise we usually stay on canal or with friend but this will change that in the future . love the hardwood floor and quaint atmosphere . there be no kid run around and it be less than 10 minute walk to bourbon street . continental breakfast coffee all day and really good cafe nearby open 24 hour or at least late night . parking lot be secure at night camera monitoring as well . also right across from trolley stop so convenient do not have to move the car wi fi include
this hotel be beautifully locate in the ne corner of the french quarter . it be one block to the trolley station on the newly complete rampart street line . i give the trolley system 5 star for convenience value 3.00 per day and ease of use . the hotel itself be somewhat clean on the surface . the laminate floor in our unit ... more
the staff be outstanding and they help us with direction and where to go for awesome food etc . room be large and clean . pool be very nice and it s locate just close enough to the french quarter to have fun but also sleep in a nice quiet hotel when you ve have enough fun love this place
even before i arrive at soniat i have an insight into the warm hospitality that be the theme throughout our stay . from the warm helpful welcome from mark and his coleague to the professional manner of calvin the housekeeper and the manager they could not do enough . i hesistate to use the term hotel to describe soniat that s like call buckingham palace a house . the room be luxurious i really want that bed in my home . situate on a peaceful street with a church next door and well situate to get around the french quarter and other attraction . everything be quaint peaceful and friendly a haven . the setting be beautiful courtyard with water feature classical music play softly and a well stock honour bar what more could you want ... wait do i mention breakfast no meal be serve apart from breakfast and i absolutley rate it as a five star experience my first taste of american biscuit be fab they have to be the best biscuit fresh orange juice great coffee apology i m drool just think about it . it be a great choice we hope to be back and i be more than willing to recommend it to anyone look for an oasis of calm warm hospitality . go you win t regret it.wow you have make my day what a kind and thoughtful review . thank you so very much for take the time.it would be a real pleasure to welcome you back .
from all outside appearance this facility be close for remodel as well as restaurant . great location . hope it be open on my next visit to nola . lot of eat place in the area . have to do minimum of 200 character but not sure what more i can add to it s closed
i be really happy with my experience at this hotel i stay here for a weekend in august . the room be nice and extremely clean . the staff be incredibly friendly . i love the bathroom and it have a great shower . right outside the hotel be a stop for the streetcar so its in a great location too . absolutely no complaint ... more
pontchartrain hotel have friendly service and guest room that be beautifully appoint to the smallest detail to ensure luxury and comfort . the bed be lavishly comfy the bedding luxurious . the public room be opulent and welcoming . the homemade ginger beer be better than fever tree my favorite the bartender be first rate and the view from the rooftop be be magnificent .... more
agree with previous review renovation consist of mostly new paint . no fault of hotel but be prepare for a night with plenty of noise .... street car pass all night food at restaurant be excellent . employee be very nice . if you be look for a really first class hotel at this price point i would suggest ritz carlton windsor court roosevelt . one ... more
first thing totally rude staff front desk check in take a hour hide 125 fee .. i book trip advisor all fee pay i think . okay now to the hotel .. dirty throw up in pool so we could not swim .. throw up in iceroom which be a empty piss smell closet could go on .. i will not
absolutely disgusting i rather stay in my car everything about this place be gross .. include the rude staff . this be not the tropicana and should not be promote as if it be apart of it . i will never stay here again break mirror dirty towel smelly smoky room old food in the refrigerator from a prior guest toilet paper be on the floor shower be moldy creepy old elevator that sound like it be go to break down ... just plain gross
when we first get to the hotel i be parallel parking and a bum try to pretend to get hit by me . then ask me for money . then we check in an that be painless . we get to our room and i feel like i be in a crack house . our reservation say a balcony which there be not . the window be so high that you couldn t see out side unless you stand on a chair . it feel like we be in a dungeon but we be on the second floor . no fridge no safe . it look like someone steal the fridge .
i be not the kind of person who would write review but this time i have to this be the worst place i ve ever stay in my life the room smell be too mosit and have a lot of small fly . overall everything be just disgusting worst experience ever
two positive the front desk staff and the lobby . all downhill from there . reservation do not confirm book with hotels.com so i have to wait at the front desk for 45 minute while they sort that out the staff who help me be very apologetic and helpful however . the room and the annex in general be one of the worst place i ve ever stay . from the stench of the hallway to the dilapidated condition of the room the free wifi with no connection and the balcony with its rickety railing and beautiful view of the parking garage and liquor store next door permeate by the sound of drunken kid in the hallway all night long and the cacophony of constant em and police siren that never seem to stop . if you re over 30 you do not want to stay here . ever . i will never stay here again for the same money you can stay at the econolodge next door certainly no better but how could it be worse
the interior renovation and design be very nice . very comfortable and quite .
i ve hear such great thing about the chelsea but their annex be a dump . it really be . my bathroom be filthy . neither my bathroom light nor my entryway light work we just have to use lamp . the room smell like smoke or a gross cleaning agent i couldn t tell . the wall be paper thin i could hear a casual conversation in the room adjacent to ours . even the elevator have 3 hole in its wall great location to tropicana but we win t stay there again .
not shabby chic just shabby . we have stay at the chelsea in the past and expect the annex to be at least similar . but it be more like a downgrade poorly maintain motel 6 trading on the good name of the chelsea . check in take 25 minute wait in line . the first room have high basement type window that be break and didn t lock look over the roof where the air handler be . the second room have a break lock on the patio door . the patio be flood the dresser be chip stain and drawer wouldn t stay close the bathroom door be water damage at the bottom and stain the bathroom floor be stain and dirty . both room we see be shabby and desperately in need of upgrade . the elevator floor be damage and miss tile the restaurant downstairs which be cute and hip in the past be now old and shabby also . not worth the money . as it be now i would not recommend this hotel at all .
our stay be mediocre at best there be chelsea and chelsea annex . we have the annex and it be in poor condition . furniture be far from nice front desk and lobby give you a very good first impression . the people at the desk be nice . one block from the beach which be huge for me . pay parking at 10 a day in a lot about 1.5 block away or 15 a day get valet . the elevator be very rough to ride . there be a small but nice pool . no coffee maker no microwave no mini frig ice machine do not work very well . out air conditioning be set at 50 and it be so hot in there especially for sleep . the maintenance man say it couldn t get any cooler because it run on cold water and the water wasn t cold if you be in ac to gamble or go to the beach this be fine to use the beat down bathroom or lay your head on a pillow . we win t be guest here again
i hear positive thing about the chelsea hotel and book a room for my anniversary in the annex . i have no idea that this be a dingy dirty motel connect to the the actual chelsea hotel . we pay over 500 for 2 night so it be not exactly a budget option . the room be the worst i have ever experience .... more
the chelsea itself seem very nice even think i didn t stay in a room there . as you walk through the chelsea and into the annex you get a totally different feel . it go from semi upscale to the creepy part of the hotel in american horror story . the beat up squeaky elevator to dimly light hallway and the sketchy bright red light on every floor it scream ahs . on the positive side the price be great for a friday night and it be just a really short walk to the trop . next time i would pay the few extra dollar and stay at the regular chelsea not the annex .
i book the at the annex bad idea from the start . twice i go back the the desk because my key will not work . i be upgrade to the nicer side where one of the pillow case have a hole and there be a bad smell . stay there before and this be the worst . don t think i will be go back there for a while .
stay for a birthday party on the 26th dec . sal at the front desk be amazing he be so sweet and his service be completely very welcoming . anything we need or have question about sal be the guy to go to . he know all the area ask what we like and make sure our car be there without wait . all other at the front desk be not as professional and be not courteous . there be a big difference in service . sal make it feel like we be in vegas very professional . i will be come back again only if sal be there . me and my husband luv the place . thank you sal
our stay be very bad . it start off with wait to check in for an hour . then when we get to our room our bed sheet have a whole in it and not to mention our toilet would not flush . when i go down to complain about it the front deal receptionist have an attitude . for over 200 a night i would expect to be treat better and the hotel to be update . i would never ever say here again .
not the best place we have stay at in atlantic city but it be the worse . room have a moldy smell . the first night we stay there a fight break out in the hallway . the second night another fight break out . now i understand the hotel can t control that but to a certain extent i feel like the annex just ... more
i book last min the night before . it show family suite . it be still cheaper then most everything in the area . book on tripadvisor review and location . checkin be at 3 p.m. as show . there be a small glitch with my room key working but they run a new key to me while i be at the door . the room be ... more
check in take several minute because the hotel clerk be have trouble with the guest before us . clerk be not especially welcoming . room be clean and updated but sparse . this room be adequate but we would not have stay there except it be within walk distance to disneyland .
great remodel room be super clean and well care for and the lobby be nice . perfect for trip to disney park .
this place be loud and have the most awkward set up . it make it very difficult to rest . disney on 4 hour of sleep kinda suck . the place be pretty clean .
this be a great hotel walk distance to disneyland friendly staff clean room great price will stay again
my family have an amazing experience . we arrive early and staff have a room ready for us . the walk to the tram be very short .. breakfast be good but would preffere scramble egg and potato . the only problem be the parking but staff make it easy to find one for us . thank for all the help
on short notice my boyfriend i decide to pop down for a short trip during disneyland s off season . because it wasn t the busy season we decide to try out a different best western we usually stay at the best western park place inn . this best western have a great location it s just right around the corner from the parking area .... more
the experience here be less than satisfactory for many reason . firstly when we arrive with our rental car at about 4 p.m. tired after a 15 hour flight and the need to fill in the day till check in time at 3 p.m. we be astounded to find the hotel completely rope off with no way in . seem the carpark which ... more
all employee be very helpful and polite
nice hotel friendly staff clean room good include breakfast nice pool and very close to the park 5 minute walk . can totally recommend . we have the suite and it be perfect for a family of five .
pick this hotel because of its best location right across disney s gate . room be just fine not spotless and a bit tired but we could sleep well for 2 night . good breakfast . the on site cold stone ice cream be yummy and have i hop next to the hotel be a plus . at the time of our stay the rate be quite ... more
this be truly my home away from home . good complimentary breakfast that hold my family off until lunch . breakfast include waffle muffin toast scramble egg bacon or sausage potato biscuit and gravy depend on day fruit yogurt hard boil egg and cereal . everyone be really friendly . i have be go here for year and stay 5 6 time a year . the ... more
the room be clean and nice . they be renovate the restaurant when we visit but the food be good with excellent staff and good price . the pool area be okay . good place for family with young child . quiet surrounding and easy access to disneyland with the bus shuttle right outside the hotel . hotel staff be very friendly and service minded .... more
this isn t a high end property by any mean but it be clean reasonably price and a short drive to local attraction . it s right off highway 5 so it s easy to get off and back onto freeway . parking be a standard open lot no fee . the main negative be they have the window like air conditioner unit that be noisy ... more
i have stay at a lot of hotel through the year while vacation at disneyland this hotel and its employee be wonderful . great food service by manuel and vira they be the top . i would recommend this hotel to all ...
we have difficulty find this motel . it be closer to knott s berry farm over disneyland . the check in lobby smell of urine . the hotel do not have a lift of any sort for the second floor therefore consider this if climb stair be an issue .... more
very old hotel that cater to low class clientele . be near disneyland this hotel be a fly trap to family who can not afford something nicer . there be child run around all hour of the night and day and the hotel staff do nothing to keep them quiet . our first night there we have a family above us with small child who keep run around the room and because of the noise we assume they be jump off the furniture . we complain to the hotel staff and nothing be do to stop this . it continue until well after 11 pm and night.the second night we be there we have a family with small child next door to us and it be apparent from what we see they be there with other family who also have small child . they be keep there door open and the child be run up and down the balcony with no supervision . at 6 am the next morning someone be pound on the door next to us very loudly and yell fire fire fire . it wake up the people next to us so they open there door and begin to play loud rap music until about approximately 9 am when we leave . we be on the second floor near the office and all of this activity be extremely loud and have to have be hear at the office but no action be take to stop it.i would never stay at this hotel again thank you for take the time to write us a review . we be extremely sorry for the experience you have at our hotel . this be not something normal . i be also suprise our staff do not address the issue immediately . w hope you will give us another chance in the future to win back your business .
anyone that s look for a great hotel chain with fantastic customer service professional great price in atlantic city new jersey the best western envoy be the place where you will feel right at home.overall i only use best western hotel motel whenever i travel . excellent breakfast excellent room amenitie decor location best western hotel should be your number one choice . thank you for stay at best western envoy inn atlantic city nj . we be thrill to hear that you really enjoy your stay . yes we have fresh waffle for breakfast along with hard boil egg sausage many more item . thank you for your feedback . it mean a lot to us .
best western on pacific ave atlantic city nj be dirty bad section of town in fear of our family safety . never again i always stay at best western never a problem but stay away from this one .
service be terrible could not get any one on the phone to ask question there be only one gsr in the lobby . the breakfast be cold room be dirty floor never vacuum only one bar of soap only one set of towel of each size
staff be very friendly and helpful good location couple block from outlet shop and 3min walk to the beach and board walk . neighborhood be not the best at night . but it be a good place to stay overall .
this hotel have an ant problem be extremely loud we find hair on our towel and someone else be give the key to our room at midnight . never again we stay at several best western on our vacation this be by far the worst .
be look for a clean place to crash for the night have a business meeting the next day . there be an old tenament building smell in the building . you can tell they try to keep it clean . we meet some hooker outside congregate in front of the entrance .
we decide saturday morning to go to a.c . for the night from north jersey ... look online for a hotel that be reasonably close to boardwalk and casino and price below saturday night casino rate ... this hotel fit that criterion ... 2 block from boardwalk ... essentially between resort and bally ... good location although other review be right about strip bar on street between boardwalk and hotel ... hotel be older and no frill but clean comfortable air conditioner in our 4th floor room work great and certainly adequate ... i would certainly recommend this hotel as a reasonably price place to spend an overnight
the room wasn t all that i be lead to believe it be . accord to ali it be the best room in the hotel and it be big and spacious enough to accommodate myself and my 4 friend . i be celebrate my birthday . the location in proximity to the boardwalk be good but the neighborhood be kind of shady . the room itself be pretty big but the bed be small they be full sized bed what hotel still have those it s usually queen or king . with that be say we be kind of uncomfortable sleep two to a bed . the room itself didn t get that cool as the air only circulate in the area where the air conditioning be and didn t seem to distribute throughout the entire room.on a positive note the night clerk i believe his name be mahadi be extremely accommodating and attentive and we as a group appreciate that .
the hotel room be decent and cute and clean a non smoking floor as well which be nice since we have a baby with us or we would not have stay there we be pass through and choose the bw the neighbourhood be sketchy as hell and we didn t feel like safest when we get into the elevator it sure smell like someone just smoke a joint in there not the hotel fault breakfast be ok small room and super hot bug a nice lady work in there and help out though we sleep well and have no issue
we have two night this month at the envoy . upon arrival we be not happy with front desk staff attitude follow by get a smoking room despite have book non smoking . on return to the desk they could only get us two double non smoking although we be there 15 min past 3 p.m. and i be a gold elite bw member.parking be good secure and very handy.later in the stay we experience more rude front desk and see other guest experience it too.the remainder of hotel staff seem friendly but speak little english.breakfast include be fine but they only would put out so much .... even though they have reserve and therefore one have to go very early if one want any choice.location be fine a block of the boardwalk but nighttime venture out show the neighbourhood to be somewhat rough on the road to better maybeac be ok which be good because it be hot
spacious clean room relatively close to boardwalk a 7eleven across the street ... not prime location you feel that atlantic city be not in its best day but good value even with the charge for parking as it be walk distance to boardwalk beach and the room be nice
seriously security be too bed some one steal my stuff in my car
we stay here everytime we re in town for the supercross and it s a really nice place to stay the room be really clean and the bed be really comfortable . we will definitely continue stay here when in town .
let s start wth the positive . the location be good easy to get anywhere . the price be good . the front desk be quick and professional not super friendly but professional . that s about it for positive . the hotel be extremely dated . the bed be tiny and uncomfortable . the room be in disrepair broken light rusty doorway loose outlet . we find a nasty ... more
free parking free wifi . relative to other similar hotel of this calibre the price be approximately double that of what we be use to be pay . location wise it be about 10 15 minute to most sight in the san diego area . although rate as a 3 star it feel closer to a 2 star or a motel in decor and ... more
the staff be very friendly and helpful but the hotel itself be a hit or miss . upon arrival the room be very small crowd outdate uncomfortable . not what you would expect from a bw plus hotel . we unpack most of our stuff and go for dinner only to come back to discover the bathroom have not be clean and ... more
we be thrill to find availability at this hotel as we book it the week before our trip . most hotel be sell out in the area so we be pleasantly surprised to find comfortable clean and hospitable accommodation . we love the location which be within a couple mile of old town san diego . if we ever need to return i ... more
very nice room comfortable bed with good hd tv . nice amenity and also good if you have child with you . room be quiet and well maintain . it be right off the interstate and short drive to almost everything you could be look for in san diego .
front desk be awesome housekeeping be awesome the only thing be the last night of our stay the security guard ask to check our room out for absolutely no reason we be about to go to bed and be be quiet ... we have the same 3 people we have have the whole time and he say interesting and walk out nothing else happen and we go to bed .... very strange ... other than that i love this hotel and we will be retune
ok i know it s san diego hotel circle but this hotel make you feel like you re on an island somewhere far away . the landscaping be lush and almost tropical . it s far larger than it look from the street . the room be a bit small but they re still confortable with all the amenity except microwave ... but i didn t miss that . and i ... more
dirty
this be a terrific hotel . i make it a point to stay here every trip to san diego . the ground be beautiful and the amenity be great ask about the pg program . the pg lounge be awesome the staff be eager to help in any way
do not sleep .. sadly when we arrive this hotel be directly the msin hotel affect by the construction and its crew that be perform during the whole night make our short trip to the beach a sadly terrible one
not bad .. room be nice . i ask for a bottom floor because my knee . i get room 107 . approximately 20yards from parking .. but directly across from pool . i drag all my gear i m active duty military up a set of 2 step . oh well right .. you get what you pay for
i guess they don t care about the little critter that creep around the room . we inform the front desk and all they say be hum . we usually have the room spray find two centipede and spider crawl around .
the internet be so slow that my datum kick in . that i could be ok with just a nuisance . i get back to my room around 9 p.m. and want to take a bath . the stopper on the tub do not work so could not do that . i think it be funny how thing that be so minor do not work ... more
i be very apprehensive about stay here have read some review and have come to the conclusion that only complainer write review . we have a wonderful stay in a cheerfully light spotless room with gracious staff which be also an excellent value the rate even go down and we be offer the lower rate . i would gladly stay here again ... more
my daughter and i come to san diego for a concert . i book my stay but when i arrive to check in the hotel do not have a record of my reservation . i have my confirmation email in hand but the hotel clerk would only tell me she didn t have anything and say i need to contact the hotels.com . i think that i would have rate this hotel higher if perhaps she have offer to call them for my seeing as how i have my confirmation email in my hand and it would have just be that extra customer service effort . i do contact hotels.com and they resent my reservation and the hotel upgrade me to suite for the inconvenience . there be no apology from the hotel which i think would have be appropriate . my hotel key keep get deactivate because my cell phone would get too close to it so that be a hassle have to take it to the front desk to get activate . my room have a slight odor in it but after a day or so i didn t notice it . overall my room be clean and it be quiet . it suit my need but wasn t anything extraordinary or spectacular .
we be invite to the wedding of a close family member in san diego with only 3 week notice . a friend get us two room at rodeway inn qualcomm at a discount rate to help us with travel expense . we receive our confirmation 15 day prior to check in.on the very morning we leave for san diego we receive a phone call from the manager of rodeway inn qualcomm tell us we be not eligible for the discount room and our reservation have be cancel . there be no offer to keep the reservation at the standard rate the reservation have simply be cancel and the room be no longer available . when ask why he would do this on the day we be due to check in the manager basically tell us he do it because he could.we understand that hotel policy may limit the availability of discount room but we should have be notify earlier so we could make other arrangement . we set off to san diego with no accommodation . this be certainly the worst customer service we ve ever experience at any lodging establishment .
we be greet by yadira and she be very accommodating and very friendly we feel at home right from the get go . the room be very clean . the hotel staff make sure all our need be meet . we all have very satisfied tummy with their free breakfast . we will definitely be stay here again
this hotel exceed all my expectation . it be conveniently locate and a short drive to everything san diego have to offer . marcia and elisa at the front desk be incredibly helpful and friendly make my stay all the better . they go out of their way to answer any question and make recommendation as to what to see . thank again
i can not say enough about this outstanding hotel . everything be top notch the valet and front desk go out of their way to make our stay enjoyable easy and memorable la jolla be so beautiful and upon our return we will only stay at this amazing property
we want to take a quiet moment to thank you and the staff at the grande colonial for an extraordinary stay . the staff be professional and attentive the facility have old world charm with modern amenity and the food and drink be a delight.thank you jccwin . we appreciate you take the time to post feedback here on tripadvisor . our staff and the warm gracious and genuinely friendly service they provide be our greatest asset . and i be so happy to see that reflect in your review . we look forward to welcome you back again in the future . best regard terrence underwood general manager
my boyfriend and i have a most excellent stay here we check in on this past sunday and stay until this tuesday . from our arrival we be greet by benny the bell captain who along with the rest of his bell staff take care of us from go . we be allow to check in early to a junior suite 102 which have a beautiful view of the ocean locate at the end of the street . our suite be locate out in a building separate from the main hotel and off the pool area . just around the corner from the front desk . our suite be large have a separate sit area with a flat screen tv and a small fridge under the counter which have plenty of cabinet space . 2 sink one in the bathroom and one in the counter where the fridge be . luxurious bathrobe that i absolutely want will put on my birthday list bellman dan scoot us over to a local restaurant in the hotel golf cart ... they will offer to take you just about anywhere and will also return to pick you up.rnrnservice at the front desk be exceptional friendly courteous and consistently above and beyond helpful i commend who ever do the hiring here because they have do a fantastic job of hire people that either love their job and sincerely want you to enjoy your stay or they do a great job in fake it lolrnrnhotel be locate within walk distance of all the quaint shop it have it s own restaurant but we be not impressed with the menu ... we do however take advantage of the happy hour deal the appetizer be tasty and 1 2 off as be their signature cocktail orange crush . the day before the boyfriend order a cloud 9 that be the bomb and i get my favorite lemon drop both be flavorful but i must say this be the only place i be not impressed with the bar service it take a while for our appetizer to arrive and they be not as attentive as the rest of the hotel staff have be rnrnall and all a very nice place to drop in during the week we get the impression that weekend here like most place be a zoo . parking on the street down the hill be free so don t spend the 22.00 on valet just find a spot on the street.rnrnrespectfully reviewedrn
we have a wonderful 5 day stay here we enjoy everything about this hotel . the staff be friendly housekeeping be great the ground be well keep and constantly be work on while we be there . the breakfast be exceptional . its close to beach and san diego attraction i would absolutely recommend this marriott and stay here again and again . thank for a great stay thank for the top score review . i be confident that future traveler to san diego and to our hotel will find your review very helpful . please come back and see us again in the future.regards jonathan correllgeneral manager
great place to stay justin at the front desk give us a warm welcome . our room be really nice and clean . we really appreciate the service that maria our breakfast attendant give us during our morning.dear rafa2408 thank you for take the time to review your stay i be delighted to hear you enjoy your suite and the service our staff provide . we work extremely hard to ensure we provide exceptional service to each and every guest . i will ensure i give justin his kudo for the service he provide thank you again for your time and we hope to serve you again when your travel bring you back to scripps poway .
our family of four stay at this hotel for a night . the room have a king size bed w sofa bed . the room be small . the room be renovate recently but it didn t feel like it . the place be still under construction . breakfast be very ordinary juice machine be not work and staff have hard time keep up with the refill food stuff that be be consume by the hotel guests.dear sdtourist thank you for take the time to review your stay we do our best to execute exceptional customer service and we clearly do not during your stay . please except our sincere apology . we have put guideline in to ensure we provide phenomenal service to all our guest . thank you for the feedback and if your travel ever bring you back to scripps poway we hope to serve you again .
excellent place to stay for some fun and travel convenient airport shuttle and great staff nyja at the front desk amazing helpful and so be the engineer albin ai believe it be i will definitely be returninghello thank you for choose to stay with us . we be happy to hear you enjoy your stay . please come again the next time you be in town .
our flight get in late so we need a place to stay . they send a shuttle to pick us up at 12 30 am . they give us a double bed for my little one and have breakfast in the morning . it s clean with good staff . plenty of parking . we also get a late checkout .
we book this stay use marriott point so we would be close to the airport for an early morning flight . the evening staff be very gracious . we be book for the morning shuttle and pay to leave our car in the lot rather than park at the airport . our room be clean and comfortable . there be a ruby tuesday across ... more
we alway stay at hyatt whenever we finish orlando trip before our next day flight . check in and out be as smooth as usual the room be quite large for 3 of us spread our luggage and it be also very clean . the kid be fancinate by the newly instal bathroom in mirror clock .
i be stay at this hotel for business and it have exceed expectation absolutely gorgeous great location superb amenity super comfy bed ..... i could go on and on . if you re visit new orleans stay here ..... you win t be disappoint jessie thank you for your great review on tripadvisor . your recommendation mean a lot to us and we hope to welcome you back again soon . warm regard ellen lemaire general manager
we book nopsi for my 40th birthday and this hotel live up to my expectation . my spouse be a lifetime marriott platinum member so we have have our fair share of hotel stay . the service and hospitality be amazing . the staff be courteous without feel stuffy ... the best way to describe them be authentic with a large doe of southern hospitality and they be all wonderful.they upgrade us to a better room which comprise of a wrap around view . the upgrade be complimentary even though they be fully book . two thumb up and what a wonderful way to kick off my birthday.the hotel bed be amazing . i describe it as feel hugged but not hot . i receive the best sleep and my spouse say the same . i m a side sleeper and he s a back sleeper so it s shocking that we both like the mattress.the bed be so comfortable that i email the hotel to get the make of the mattress and will order it for our own home.we frequent the lobby bar and the drink be on point.i don t recall the name of my drink but it remind me of salty plum but our bartender describe it as vinegary . personally i think it be well balanced . the frenchman be also well make here . the rooftop bar be a scene but not compare to orange county or la . much less pretentious and the skyline be pleasant.as other have mention the hotel be not in the middle of the action but walk distance to bourbon st and many of the best local restaurant gw fin be my fav for the grill oyster and dessert .bottom line i would stay here again the next time we be in nola.sara thank you so much for choose to stay at nopsi its wonderful to learn that you have such a fun and memorable 40th birthday with us . we love make all occasion special and be delighted to have win you over . a terrace room overlook the city certainly provide an unforgettable experience . we hope you and your husband will make visit us an annual birthday tradition so that we may treat you to more pleasant surprise warm regard ellen lemairegeneral manager
our holiday stay at the nopsi be perfect the hotel and the architecture be spectacular . the staff from housekeep to management be professional efficient polite and friendly . the service be just as one would expect from a luxury hotel . i can t say enough about the bartender at all 3 bar . they be knowledgeable mixologist friendly and efficient . the view from the rooftop bar be grand and so be the atmosphere . the lobby bar be beautiful and the live music in the evening be a wonderful treat . room service be deliver quicker than anticipate and be delicious our breakfast be first class the 3 egg omelet pontchartrain porchetta hash and eggs pecan belgian waffle and 1 2 ruby grapefruit brle be the best room service meal i believe my husband and i have ever have for breakfast . the room service wait staff be polite and friendly . although we do not dine at public service during this stay we have in the past and find the food and service to be exemplary . christmas morning we be greet with a stocking hang on our door . the stocking be fill with fresh fruit candy and bake good . what a wonderful surprise the accommodation be beautiful and comfortable . my husband be generally very uncomfortable sleeping in hotel bed and lounge on hotel furniture but he be very comfortable during our stay at the nopsi . he be so pleased that he have already book the hotel for a return business trip in the near future . love this beautiful hotel in my favorite city can t wait to return.sharon thank you for share your wonderful review on tripadvisor . i be thrilled that you enjoy a little lagniappe on christmas morning as well as phenomenal service throughout your stay . it be an honor to be your hotel of choice in new orleans . our team look forward to welcome you again on your next visit . warm regard ellen lemairegeneral manager
after be on a 7 day cruise that leave out of new orleans we decide to stay and explore the beautiful city of new orleans . we be with a group of friend who be stay at the nopsi hotel so we decide to book a room there too and boy be we glad we do . this hotel be virtually brand new opening in july 2017 . the nopsi hotel building formerly serve as the headquarters of the citys power and transportation company new orleans public service inc . its absolutely amazing how this hotel have be transform into such a gorgeous and luxurious hotel . as we pull up to the hotel we be warmly greet by the bellman bolton and will . these gentleman take great care of us and our belonging . what a great feeling to be welcome so warmly the minute one arrive at a hotel the room have the most comfortable mattress finest linen and all the amenity you could ever want include robe . they bathroom be quite exquisite with its grand two door entrance marble countertop double sink and oversized shower.if so inclined you can choose to indulge in an on sight spa service at the nopsi spa . there be an on sight restaurant multiple bar one in the grand atrium and one in the restaurant area . be sure to check out above the grid the rooftop pool and bar . above the grid be open to hotel guest and local provide everyone with an extraordinary view of the citys skyline . nopsi hotel be about a 1 mile from bourbon street . its situate in a perfect location walk distance from virtually all local attraction . we walk back and forth to bourbon street many time during our short stay . on sight parking be available for a fee . you should contact the hotel directly for daily rate charge . pinot thank you for share your nopsi hotel experience . we be delighted that you enjoy your stay . it have be exciting for us to finally share nopsi with our guest . whether you be dine at one our restaurant or relax in one of our well appoint room we be here to make your stay memorable . warm regard ellen lemairegeneral manager
the hotel be new and fresh and love the fact the old city utility building be repurpose and refresh . the staff be friendly and everyone helpful . the location be far enough away from the french quarter to be quiet but still within a 10 minute walk . class act all the way it s great to hear from you and i m glad you have a fantastic stay at our hotel . your comment to location and staff be gratefully receive and we hope to welcome you back soon.warm regard ellen lemairegeneral manager
close to parade route walk distance to the french quarter but not in the middle of it it nice roof top bar and pool and view of the new orelan area . would definitely stay hear again when new orleans .
unacceptable unprofessional behavior.1 . couldn t get into room because i wasn t on the reservation . 2 . person let into room who wasn t on the reservation.3 . unreliable housekeeping.4 . double charge for entire stay ... when i wasn t even on the reservation.so to begin ... my friend prepay with her card for a room for us to share but request that my name be add to the reservation since i would arrive in nola hour before her . there s a whole email trail to prove they agree have my name spell correctly etc . i arrive and they re like who be you i m tired . i ve been travel . i need to shower but no . i can t get into the room until hour later when my friend land and get it sort from her uber . i check us in use my card for incidental say they d only put a 50 hold on my card if we charge something to the room we didn t . my friend arrive three hour later but basically get into our room about 15 minute after i do . once she s there she tell me a pretty funny story . her bf and his friend have another room and even though he never put them on the reservation at all they give them key i have documentation and couldn t get into my room and they complete stranger for all the hotel know just waltz into theirs a huge security issue the room itself be nice enough and so be the pool however the pool bar close at random time despite have official post hour . the bartender be rude as be most of the hotel staff except for the doorman who be delightful . our room be only clean half the day of our stay . housekeeping didn t replenish the toiletry when they do clean the room and with two woman we obviously run out of shampoo . when we call the front desk around 10 p.m. they say they d run out at 11 p.m. they come with a bag and i mean garbage bag full of .... lotion because that help . so both my friend and i shower without wash our hair only to have housekeeping show up again at 2 a.m. in the morning bang on the door with one bottle of shampoo that i guess they find . not only be it late but it be late.and now the worst part to top it all off remember when i wasn t even on the reservation yeah they charge my credit card on file for a temporary hold for the entire stay . after my friend have already prepay . they get their before we even step in the door and then double charge a completely different credit card with a completely different name . yeah no . you can deal with my credit card company thank . i m give them two star instead of one because the doorman be so incredibly nice . the nicest i ve ever meet . they should all get bonuses.and some additional minor point doorman so nice i love them housekeep good job clean when they clean but didn t restock soap pool small but really nice great viewbar rude closed for no reasonfood greatbe comfortablebathroom awesomenoise level loud but it s not the soundproofing . it s the crazy loud fan vent.location greatoverall cleanliness greatthank you for take a moment to share your review on tripadvisor . your candid feedback be truly valuable . i be disappointed to learn of issue you encounter during your stay as well as the service that should have be execute flawlessly . my apology for your experience and i hope you will allow us another opportunity to serve you . warm regard ellen lemairegeneral manager
hotel work in progress . pretty enough and nice roof top bar . tiny gym . terrible wifi and worse service and effort in dining room . its not a great deal with these issue . if they care they can improve but not clear they do . also my room be not clean until 6 on the day we check in force us to wait 2 hour . thank you for choose nopsi we appreciate your feedback . i be disappointed to hear that service do not meet your expectation . if travel should bring you back we would love the opportunity to demonstrate our service level in the future.warm regard ellen lemairegeneral manager
i have never be treat so badly in my entire life . i have call this people so many time to ask question regard friend comin over for as me have in a lil get together . an every one of my question where answer wrong cause they make it a point to ruin my night . my friend where not allow to go to the public bar or swim they tell me on the phone the be open til 11 . once we get there they say it close at 8 i guess it be cause we where black an they think they where talkin to a white person on the phone . they say my guest where welcome once they get there they stop them from comin up once again guess it be cause we where black . i will never return to this hotel from hell again . an also they let people order drink under your room number wit out gettin permission from the person the room be from wow be all i get to say.dear sasha we strive to deliver an exceptional experience for our guest at nopsi hotel but this evidently do not occur during your visit . we take very seriously any complaint of discrimination any form of which be not tolerate in our company . as the hotels general manager i welcome the opportunity to discuss this issue with you and also address and clarify your concern regard pool usage and rooftop access . my e mail address be elemairenopsihotel.com and you can reach me via phone at 504.962.6512.warm regard ellen lemaire
we stay at the nopsi hotel for the lsu game at the dome . it be a wonderful surprise it be an easy walk to the dome from the hotel . the hotel be beautiful our room and the bed be fantastic the staff could not have be nicer or more accommodate we could not have be more pleased . will definitely stay here again on our next trip to the big easy thank you for choose nopsi it s a pleasure to learn the numerous thing that make your time with us unforgettable . we look forward to welcome you back in the future . warm regard ellen lemairegeneral manager
we recently spend three night at the nopsi in new orleans . nothing but good thing to say . beautiful first impression absolutely gorgeous lobby extremely friendly and helpful staff from the doorman the front desk folk the concierge everyone the location be an easy walk to the french quarter but far enough away from the not so nice part . and the room be great spotless comfortable and large . nice bar in the lobby and on the roof and also in the adjacent restaurant which have a very good breakfast . all in all a frank thank you for visit nopsi hotel . our service professional strive to make our guest feel at home from the moment they walk through the door . we be honor that our service have earn your recommendation and look forward to welcome you back in the near future . warm regard ellen lemairegeneral manager
this location be perfect it s walk distance to the french quarter and to the business district yet it s far enough away from the craziness of bourbon street that you can get some sleep if that s your thing . everyone be very friendly . room be modern and comfortable . nice shower . the bed be a tiny bit too soft for my liking but it didn t tarnish my experience in the least.thank you for take the time to review your stay with us as we appreciate hear how much you enjoy our property and service provide . sound like our room and staff exceed expectation which be our ultimate goal and know that our team will be commend for their effort . it be a pleasure to have you as our guest and we look forward to have you stay with us again.best regard
this hotel be perfectly locate .. close enough to walk to the action but far enough way to not be apart of all the hustle and bustle ... the hotel be fashionably decorate comfortable and the staff be very accommodate the roof top bar be everything especially at night
exceed my expectation the place be amazing . the room be very clean hotel employee be extraordinarily kind . they answer all question and direct us to the some great local place . i will definitely stay here again.our goal be to exceed the expectation of our guest it s always exciting to read when our guest tell us we do . thank you for recognize all the effort of the team we look forward to your next visit . wayne general manager
a little pricey however the location and service be excellent . breakfast be not the best at least as a diamond level be complementary . i highly recommend this property location staff and room be excellent . thank you for take the time to write this review of your stay and we be delighted to know you enjoy almost everything about your stay . we be currently transition our restaurant and try out some new item and process please know that the breakfast service will improve as this be a main priority . it be our pleasure to have you as our guest and do hope to have you stay with us again.best regard
we be take aback by the staff especially jalan who since we walk in take care of us . we feel like royalty they secure a bottle of champagne and treat for our 22nd wedding anniversary ... so very kind the hotel be lovely a boutique stay with a hilton flair . its modern but not over the top . very clean and very comfortable with a great rooftop bar . it be not in the french quarter so beware we actually like that as we know nola well . surely a destination to be consider . thank you for take the time to write this wonderful review of your anniversary celebration at our hotel . we love to hear back when we not only meet but exceed expectation . jalan be certainly a rise star on our staff and have be commend for his effort in take great care of you . it be our pleasure to have you as our guest and hope to have you back for another visit very soon.sincerely
you do not want to miss this gem from the moment you enter the front door to the time you leave the experience be like none other in nola . beautiful hotel great staff room be perfectly cozy and a little like vegas . rooftop bar ambiance be clutch with a great view quiet and perfectly locatedthank you so much for take the time to share this rave review of our hotel . we love hear compliment such as this and how our property service and amenity create such a wonderful experience . it be our pleasure to have you as our guest and do hope to have you back for another visit real soon.best regard
toilet paper be like sandpaper . bill for charge that even the staff can not explain and have to make numerous repeat call to get correct . a week later and still not correct . if you stay get your bill before you leave the property coffee be offer in lobby first day and then stop seem as if the restaurant be struggle and they want people to purchase coffee vs offer . pitiful . one of the worst hotel stay i have have especially from a hilton . location be not the best eitherthank you for take the time to share this feedback and we apologize for any issue you encounter during your stay . your feedback be very important to us and so please contact me directly to discuss further so that i can address accordingly.regard
wonderful hotel locate in the heart of the quarter . walk distance to everything drink as you walk out of the hotel lobby friendly staff . enjoy my mardi gra experience by stay here ... ... thank you for take the time to share your comment . mardi gras be an amazing experience here in the big easy and we be excited we be able to be part of yours . we look forward to see you again very soon wayne general manager
for someone who have never visit new orleans before i could confidently say that the troubadour staff make me feel like i be at home . i be tell about all of the fantastic restaurant and bar that weren t tourist trap . the front desk staff provide quite a bit of useful information about the city and be a fantastic resource that answer all of my question . my room be always immaculate and the housekeeping team be able to accommodate all of my request . i look forward to my next stay soon.thank you for share your experience . we be excited you spend your first trip to the big easy with us . i m very proud of the team here at the troubadour and always enjoy read when guest recognize all their effort . can t wait to see you on your next trip to nola waynegeneral manager
my husband and i decide to head south to spend our april 2018 birthday in new orleans . our stay at the troubadour be perfect . the entire staff especially jalen at the front desk and bellman make our trip memorable and worth a return stay . this will be our home away from home whenever we re visit new orleans . oh and the buffet be simply marvelous thank you very much for choose the troubadour to celebrate your birthday with us and we be delighted to know you have such a great time . we will be sure to share this among our team so they know their effort do not go unnoticed and we do hope to have you back for another visit real soon.best regard
the hotel be very clean and the staff be great my friend and i book this hotel for my birthday trip and we would definitely stay again . it s near the heart of the city the french quarter and neatly hide at the same time.thank you for share and happy birthday no better place to spend it then the big easy and we appreciate you allow us to be part of it . thank you again wayne general manager
staff be friendly ... clean room ... great location ... will definitely stay again . right by the superdome .. not far from everything else . no ice machine on your floor but staff bring ice to ur room quickly . again great stay .
the troubadour be a hotel that be clearly run by seasoned professional . it be modern and beautifully appoint . the staff be friendly and welcoming . the room be spacious the bed incredibly comfortable the bathroom have every amenity and the largest and nicest shower imaginable . the rooftop bar be lively have a great view drink and dj . it be a short walk to the french quarter . do not hesitate to stay there thank you for take time to complete a review of your recent stay . i m thrill to hear you have an enjoyable stay . we know you have a lot of choice when select a place to stay and appreciate have have the opportunity to impress you . thank you for the recognition and recommendation we look forward to see you again soon.waynegeneral manager
have a fantastic stay at the troubadour . the hotel staff be very friendly and helpful with suggestion for restaurant . the hotel be clean and modern . the only negative be that the wall be very thin but didn t bother us too much . everything else well surpass my expectation . thank you very much for the five star review we love to hear that we exceed just about all expectation which be our ultimate goal with all of our guest . please know that our wall be actually build thicker than what be recommend for a hotel when we complete this renovation may have be a case of noisy neighbor that we could always try to assist with once reported.we appreciate you stay with us and do hope to have you back for another visit real soon.best regard
stay here the weekend of the rock and roll new orleans marathon . the staff be all very friendly and accommodate . the hotel itself be gorgeous comfortable room and huge bathroom . my main reason for give 5 star be the breakfast and inspirational note that the staff put in my room the night before the race . what a great touch.the only thing i notice that i didn t love be that i could hear the elevator move all through the night . my room be right behind them though so i doubt this be a problem on the other side of the hotel . i will definitely stay here next time i be in town . we appreciate that you take a moment to share your experience . i m very excited to hear you be so impressed during your trip to the big easy we always strive to exceed the expectation of our guest and i m proud to be work with such a great team . thank you for recognize all their effort . we look forward to see you again for next year marathon if not sooner the crescent city be come up soon thank youwayne general manager
lovely hotel with an amazing rooftop bar . the rooftop bar be on the 17th floor look out over the city with couch and sit area besides a big bar to sit at . room be decorate nicely with a touch of orange as the signature color . bellman and concierge be very helpful with good advice for where to go . it s in walk distance of bourbon st but wear comfortable shoe there be lot of walking and sidewalk be uneven most everywhere you go . of course taxi and uber be available . thank you for take a few minute to share your experience . happy birthday we appreciate you share your comment for other to get a feel of the troubadour and our monkey board rooftop bar we be excited to hear you enjoy the atmosphere up there . the team will enjoy read your comment and we thank you for recognize all their hard effort . we look forward to see you again soon at least before your next birthday waynegeneral manager
this be a very nice hotel . great location . staff nice and professional . one stand out for me and be very helpful and fair . her name be sarah sarah smile . she upgrade my room due to my room be not ready after the check in time . she be also so helpful with tell us where we could walk to for a great meal . we be able to walk to the casino bourbon street canal street etc it be really a great little hotel in a perfect location . oh yeah the roof we thoroughly enjoy . nice mingle spot good drink and food don t slip i hear about and purchase thru hotwire as not know until i pay for it great choice but will book direct next time . i do recommend to your review reader and i will stay there again.thank you for the wonderful review and recognize the effort of our hard working team here at the troubadour . we appreciate that you take a few minute to share your experience for other to appreciate . it s always nice to read what our guest have to say . we look forward to your next visit.waynegeneral manager
this hotel be awesome the room be great the staff be awesome the location be perfect the only draw back to this hotel be the 40 for valet parking however there be other cheaper option close to the hotel the roof top bar be really cool the breakfast be excellent overall the hotel get a 97 out of 100 score from methank you so much for take the time to share this great review of your stay and we be delighted to know how much you enjoy our property and service provide . there be cheaper option of parking around the area which be due to them have less labor and security cost than ours but yes they be conveniently locate should guest decide to utilize those option . your business and feedback be very important to us and we look forward to have you stay with us again whenever your travel bring you back to new orleans.best regard
everything from the property to staff be delightful . this place lack a pool however . they pride themselves on authenticity . i request a late check out and be surprised to have that shut down immediately . they do however accommodate an early check in from 4 00 to 1 30ish .
i love this hotel . it be cheaper than the one sheraton and marriott on canal where a conference i be attend be hold . the decor be beautiful erykah badu like art on the wall and retro galore with a bit of artisan flare . my room be at the end of the corner and i didn t hear a thing a privilege when travel in a major city . the front desk manager call later to see if i have a good stay . shout out to kavana at the front desk who be kind up my check out and departure as well as the people work in the first floor restaurant . the endive salad and fish be a perfect meal . the roof top bar look like a lot of fun but aside from a quick snap shoot i didn t stay as i need to decompress from my travel . but i shall return . 12 15 minute safe walk to the quarter . take rampart or any parallel street to canal and head toward river.thank you for take the time to review our property and we be delighted to know you have a great stay with us . it sound like every part of your experience at our hotel be perfect which be music to our ear . we certainly appreciate you stay with us and look forward to have you back as our guest whenever your travel bring you back to nola.best regard
the art deco decor and large floor to ceiling window create a festive yet zen atmosphere . there be a hiccup upon check in with the system be down but generally speak service be great and staff very friendly . after check out i realize i be charge for something incorrectly and chris address it immediately and be able to correct it without hesitation . great location and intimate feel come with friend but will revisit with spouse.thank you so much for take the time to review your recent stay with us and we be delighted to know you have a great stay . we appreciate the feedback as it s very important to us and we will be sure to commend chris for resolve the issue you encounter quickly and efficiently . it be a pleasure to have you as our guest and look forward to have you back for another visit real soon.best regard
not up to hhonor standard . beautiful property nice room and bath room nice clean carpet and bed bed comfort . but no hot water for 25 minute each morning . yes we be tell to wait 20 minute for the hot water to get up to the room level . and the internet didn t connect so we my travel partner in another room have to use the staff wifi with their password.thank you for take the time to share this feedback and we do apologize for not meet expectation during your recent stay . i will review all aspect of design and address accordingly to ensure our guest enjoy their time as our guest . the boiler at our hotel do experience a mechanical issue that we address as quickly as possible but this do however cause our guest to experience no hot water for a period of time . please know that this be not due to anything other than bad luck and timing . our boiler be very new and plenty big enough for our hotel this be an isolated issue that have be correct move forward . we be however happy to hear that you feel safe and secure while stay with us and do hope to have you back as our guest the next time you travel to new orleans . sincerely
very pretty hotel . there be wonderful lady at the check in desk and she handle everything with ease . we have a little bit of an issue but she be so great she do not make it an issue . the room be spacious and quiet . everyone and i mean everyone be helpful and friendly . the rooftop bar call the monkey board be so terrific . saturday night be a fun dance party and sunday afternoon we enjoy the sun and have some of the most delicious crawfish i have ever have . thank you so much for this fantastic review of your stay and please know that it have be share among our team . chef dana will be thrill to know how much you enjoy his crawfish and its always nice to hear when the team exceed all expectation of our guests.we appreciate you stay with us and look forward to always be your hotel of choice in new orleans.best regard
the troubadour be excellent . clean secure and accommodate . all be super friendly and helpful . quiet feel safe and the extra be coffee hot and ready in the lobby each morning . centrally located.thank you for the great review we look forward to your next visit . wayne general manager
as a lifetime diamond member i have stay at many hilton property . several within new orleans . the decor be contemporary and colorful . room be spacious and well keep . the best part of my stay be the staff . carl be especially helpful and make our stay easier . i will definitely be back.thank you for take the time to write this excellent review and for choose our hotel as your place to stay during this recent trip to new orleans . it sound like our property and service provide exceed all expectation which be our ultimate goal with all of our guest . carl will be commend for his effort in go above and beyond to ensure you be well take care of and we look forward to have you back as our guest very soon.best regard
love the unique ultra modern design all the employee we interact with be very pleasant and accommodate . look forward to return to the property to spend a little more time there to explore the monkey board rooftop lounge.dear 200williamsf many thank for your super nice comment about this new and fun life style hotel in the big easy we can t wait for your return for another monkey board rooftop bar and dj music experience . ron olstad general manager
the service be pretty awful . check in take way too long only one person at front desk who be extremely slow . requested cab in am and staff be unable to secure get own uber instead . arrive back at hotel at 6 p.m. last day of stay and room be be clean unacceptable we go to the front desk to complain and be offer free drink at monkey board and reassure would be complete soon as well as tell that hotel be full that be why clean be do so late not the customer s issue at all and should not be use as an excuse . major inconvenience as we have be at french quarter fest all day and be plan to rest a little before get ready for dinner . also elevator setup be less than optimal . big line in lobby to get up to bar interfere with guest try to get to room . also didn t seem to be separate service elevator from guest elevator another dissatisfier . nice looking hotel room be actually very nice look well design and decent location but really need to get the service kink out before i would recommend to other and or return . lot of other great choice in nola .... thank you for your comment josh i m very disappointed to read we didn t exceed your expectation . your concern have be share with my front office manager and director of housekeeping so that we can improve . i m very sorry for the inconvenience and know that we can do much better . we definitely want to earn back your trust and certainly your recommendation . i will be reach out to you directly to see how we can do that.thank youwaynegeneral manager
very good all excellent tony d. very attentive and friendly as a great friend many greeting in general excellent my stay the room i love have a very nice view of the city . i recommend it extensively.thank you for take the time to review your stay and we be happy to know that our service and property exceed expectation . tony will be commend for do an excellent job and we look forward to have you back for another visit real soon.best regard
the troubadour be an awesome hotel for us i absolutely love the decor . the bed side table could not be beat the roof top bar be an incredible view and it be even more special because that s where my boyfriend propose i could not ask for a better view . its a nice central location and the food market next door be awesome the only thing i wish be better be the valet service . they be not very timely and one of them give us serious attitude . other than that it be incredible and i would 100 go back thank you so much for take the time to share this lovely review of your stay with us at the troubadour . it be truly our pleasure to be a part of this special moment and congratulation on your engagement . we appreciate have you stay with us and look forward to have you back as our guest anytime your travel bring you back to new orleans.best regard
just stay here for the who concert and also for the paul mccartney concert in april 2016 . both at the key arena easy walking distance . nice thing be that francisco at the front desk remember me when i check in this time or better yet he d get my request for connect room and already block them for me that s pretty good service i reckon .
i be charge 244 for a one night stay in a very average room i expect far better for the price sadly this be a similar standard of a holiday inn or day inn who be far cheaper . staff be friendly enough reception appear to be under construction i shall not be use this marriott againthank you for your recent comment regard the hotel . i understand the importance of receive a value of stay in a downtown hotel and i be sorry you do not feel you receive that value while stay in the hotel . at this time the hotel be undergo a major re imaging of the lobby space and exterior with additional plan to begin the room and fitness area . once this be complete i hope you will give us another opportunity so you may see the value of the location and to gain your loyalty . thank you again for your feedback .
i stay at a lot of different marriott property and this courtyard be one of the nicest of the courtyard brand i ve stay at . it have a big lobby with plenty of seating and a dining area for the bistro that be very nice . the front desk staff be as usual very friendly and accommodating . they have a room ready for me at 10 a.m. when i check in . starbucks coffee be serve at the bistro and they have a nice food menu as well . the room be immaculate and the bed be comfortable . air conditioning be nice and cold . the view of the lake be excellent . i happen to be in seattle on some beautiful weather day . clear sky and no humidity . if your do business downtown and need to see amazon this hotel be a 6 uber ride . you could walk to some nice restaurant on the lake or take a short taxi ride for 5 . i would suggest uber from the airport as oppose to a taxi . uber be a 39 ride and the taxi be a 50 ride.hi thomas thank you so much for share your wonderful experience at courtyard seattle downtown lake union . much appreciate for the comment on commute fair and the positive feedback about our hotel and staff . thank you for stay with us and we hope you see you again on your next visit to seattle.sincerely dan phamguest service representative
i very much enjoy my stay . the room be excellent and the location perfect for my business trip . it turn out to be very near many tourist attraction as well . i give special kudo to the staff i leave a shirt in the room as i be try to make a hasty exit to get to a meeting and the staff be wonderful about get the shirt and ship it back to me . all in all a wonderful stay
lovely place and very friendly staff . although no shuttle be available from the amtrak station they do offer to send a limo driver . he be wait for us as promise and charge 25 which seem very reasonable . hotel be clean . breakfast be typical for a free hotel breakfast nothing outstanding but certainly more than adequate . walk distance to key downtown site .
for the rate of 200 it would ve at least be nice to get a complimentary bottle of water with the room . there s a hampton inn down the road that be just as nice would rate as average and provide a breakfast with the rate . i guess if you re get reimburse for expense then your rating would be higher.i be sorry to hear your stay with us do not quite meet your expectation . however we do appreciate your feedback and thank you for share your experience on trip advisor.sincerely rachel packardfront office supervisor
my room be in a wonderful spot near the elevator near the gym near the ice machine . the staff be very helpful . they give very good suggestion about where to go during my short stay . sorry do not stay long enough to have anymore experience . the only thing i can say be that i be very very comfortable .
i m so impressed . i get in late last night and need a cab early in the morning and need on time . the person i speak with at the desk confirm they d have it there when need and i m sure she mean to she be very helpful . well staff change overnight and the message didn t get pass on and even if it have apparently they re not suppose to do that i should have call in the morning . when the car wasn t there i be frustrated . the person i speak with be very apologetic and try to help but when i realize what happen i just immediately book an uber and leave very disappointed . thing like this be mistake no hotel or person for that matter be above an occasional mistake but how it s handle make all the difference . tonight i get a personal email from their operation manager apologize again which be totally unexpected and very appreciated . as if that wasn t enough he also credit me a bunch of marriott rewards point in an effort to go the extra mile . wow . i be amazed i ve have bigger thing than this happen and have just be tell basically tough luck . they didn t have to do anything and they do . you could see a small hotel really care about my experience but generally i wouldn t expect it from a large chain or the largest in the world for that matter . my trust be higher now than it be before i check in . thank you . definitely redeem . other than that normal courtyard great .
this be my favorite marriott property in seattle . the location be hard to beat and the water view be worth the great sunset and i love watch the seaplane come and go . many great food choice be in this area with even more come to lake union . nice remodel lobby and breakfast area . staff be always super friendly and you have to love the extra point game they offer at check in . i will be back soon hello truckeetrouttraveler we greatly appreciate you take the time to share your wonderful feedback about your recent stay at the courtyard seattle downtown lake union . i be glad that we provide you with a positive and memorable experience and exceptional service . hope to see you soon dan phamguest service representative
we always use hyatt for all inclusive vacation but this time travel through the us we decide to try hyatt house . we be travel with our 2 dog we be a little take back by the non refundable pet fee of 75 for night 1 7 we be only stay one night and think this be a little steep . however after check in and see the cleanliness of our room be a pet friendly room you expect to find at least one sign another dog have be there nope immaculate great cleaning staff this location be very convenient and we will stay here again . the hot breakfast be delicious . the staff very accommodating . nice place all the way around . 5 star
the hotel be new and the room be very nice butthe wait time for the elevator in the morning can be up to 20 minthe que for breakfast be so long and you can not even get a seatno poolrooftop be close in winterthe free shuttle bus ... you need to wait from 30 45 min for 5 min drive and 15 min walkhouse keep do very little room be not clean as expect when you call the reception it take 5 10 min to be answer
wonderful stay the hotel be amazing . modern superb location clean and wasn t expect a full kitchen . the staff be wonderful especially brennan very helpful breakfast buffet be top notch create your own omelet
i recently spend two night at the hyatt house on fifth avenue in seattle . great location but i feel the hyatt house be a bit disappointing . it begin with the check in early sunday evening . two hyatt houser be on the desk but only one working intake . i wait about 5 minute to be check in . next be the size of the room extremely small even for the room type . next be the food service in the bar absolutely the worst burn cheeseburger i have have in quite a while accompany by 16 break potato chip piece and a cupcake which be advertise to be scrumptiously fancy it be not it be plain awful and dry . next be the shower no water pressure and this be a relatively new hotel . one of the better highlight be breakfast while selection be limit the food be good.hyatt house be usually outstanding evidently i catch the seattle hyatt house on fifth avenue during a underperforming period.zaismy2ndhome feedback from our guest be very important to us and we appreciate the detailed concern . we strive to exceed all of our guest expectation and know we still have some work to do . please let us know if there be anything we further assist with we look forward to another opportunity to serve you in the future.sarah junge
we choose this accommodation due to its proximity to several site . museum of modern art be 1 minute walk space needle 1 minute walk and the monorail be a 1 minute walk.there be also a collection of restaurant and shop an easy 2 minute walk from the hotelwe check in late about midnight with friendly and efficient staff.the room have a queen bed with separate kitchen bathroom and lounge room and be very comfortable.the hotel have free tea and coffee in the foyer and a happy hour between 4.00pm and 7.00pm every night with us3.00 pints.breakfast be sufficient with both hot and cold selection buffet style.the free shuttle to a radius of a kilometre be enough to get to pikes market which be good . when you be ready to return just call and they will collect you from one of the designate pickup pointsi would return to this hotel if ever back in seattle
comfortable clean pleasant spacious room with cooking facility friendly and helpful staff superb breakfast good location opposite the space needle and monorail best of the hotel during our three week holiday in america highly recommendeddear nick w thank you very much for review the hyatt house seattle we very much appreciate the 5 star review and be delighted to hear you feel we be a hotel to remember we know you have a lot of choice when stay in seattle and be thankful you choose us and would highly recommend us.thank you and i hope the rest of your trip in america go just a great sincerely jonathan
my family and i be surprised at just how good this place be . give its location right in the heart of seattle center and its affordability we think for sure something be amiss . parking in the area be expensive here it be 25 day with full in out privilege in a protect garage . the room be spacious with a kitchen microwave stave full fridge freezer sink etc . with an elevated dining table . add the spacious bedroom bathroom and sit area and you have a comfortable place for four to stay . the full breakfast be above average but the real hidden gem be the h bar . we eat here a couple of time and the food be outstanding . the happy hour feature a good selection of 3 local tap beer and the place be never really crowded . i m not sure the tourist know they can come in otherwise i could imagine thirsty and hungry tourist at seattle center walk the minute or two to here have a beer and a bite and easily go right back to the space needle . i search for the h bar on trip advisor but it s not there . note to hyatt house you may consider get the h bar add as a restaurant if you want to increase your business.thank you for complete a tripadvisor regard your recent stay at our hotel . please know that your feedback be extremely valuable to us and we will utilize your response to make every guest experience the best it can be . i greatly appreciate your kind word and they will be celebrate with the entire team . if i can be of any assistance to you please contact me directly . we look forward to be of service to you in the near future . best regard jonathan
it be right under space needle . you can even see space needle from the window . after the tour of space needle kid actually have a nap in the hotel as it be only a few step away . it be a new hyatt property with free breakfast .
we have a wonderful stay in seattle . our hotel be step away from many city attraction and restaurant . hotel be clean staff friendly and room have a view . they serve omelet at breakfast and the burger in the bar lounge be better than any on the street and available late at night
this hotel be fine . the room be nice and the lobby clean . the buffet be good . my problem be you pay a premium for this hotel due to the location and it really be not worth the money . in my opinion . stay at a hotel farther out and take the public transport system . our one night stay for a basic room with a king bed be 345 . also they give you ear plug on your nightstand . not a good sign . bring a noise maker to drown out the noise.dear tinasb3116mo thank you very much for take the time to review our hotel and share your stay with us . i very much appreciate the feedback and sorry to hear that you feel the cost do not match the experience of be at the heart of seattle across the street from space needle . our price do very through out the year and often be much lower . also if you be a world of hyatt member and book directly with hyatt.com you can save an additional 10 off.i hope you do keep us in mind the next time you be in the seattle area . we would love to host you again most sincerely jonathan
locate right across the street from the space needle . the complementary breakfast buffet be excellent and much better than the residence inn hotel . there be several restaurant within walk distance for dinner . for the more economical meal there be also a mcdonalds across the street from the hotel . the duck boat tour also start from next to mcdonalds.the room be of decent size and comfortable . they also have a complementary shuttle to the pier 66 from where ncl ship depart . will highly recommend it to people and will be my personal choice of stay in seattle in future as well . the front desk staff be exceptionally polite and helpful particularly nate and so be the shuttle bus driver . price for the hotel be on the high end side but so be most of the seattle downtown hotels.chandrahsgbi we be thrilled to hear the hyatt house meet your need and appreciate the positive feedback . i be glad you be able to take advantage of our 24 hour shuttle and the complimentary breakfast spread in the morning . its wonderful to know when guest have a comfortable stay as we be grateful of the comment . we look forward to your next visit in seattle sarah junge
start with the location excellent . perfect to explore the downtown area on foot many attraction within walk distance or the free shuttle will take you.the room be spacious clean and very comfortable . we love have a small kitchen we love everything about the room.we be help by behder at the front desk who answer all out question and make us feel very welcome.any time we return to seattle there will be no other option for us than the hyatt house .
this hotel be perfect for go to do all the fun thing in seattle at seattle center . you can walk to everything and there be many restaurant in the immediate area.love everything about the hotel great service take care of all of our need the only thing that i would ask be that if they do have room to grant your request for late out . they have a policy absolutely no late checkout which be ok . not a dealbreaker.debbie f it be a pleasure to have you as our guest recently at the hyatt house seattle downtown and it be exciting to hear that you find the staff to be helpful and inviting . i will share your feedback with all of the team who have be consistently recognize as exceed customer service standard . we appreciate the positive comment and will look forward to your future visit to seattle.sarah junge
the location of this place be prime . the hotel condition on average be nice . i find my room fantastic with a kitchenette and living room . the elevator be old and confusing only one go to the garage but you could not call just that one and there be no stair .breakfast be average the scramble egg be really dry and so be the waffle french toast.some of the staff be kind and helpful but many didn t seem to care and other seem new . maybe this location have a high influx of new front desk member at the time of my stay . there be two kiosk at the front desk and a phone between . while i be check in the other kiosk be also occupy by a staff member assist a customer and another staff member be use the phone between to talk loudly to a service member about a customer who have not have their room clean in three day . this be concern distract and off put . this also distract the lady help me check in from do her job.one night we be awake by a very loud banging noise come from the room next to us close to midnight . the banging accompany by yell continue for several minute . worried and scare i call the front desk but the person who answer didn t seem to care about the situation and at first didn t offer a solution until i ask if there be nothing they could do and they say they would send somebody up there again . the front desk staff member say the lady have be lock out by her partner who have deadbolte the door . by this point the lady have be stand outside her room yell and bang on the door for half an hour by her account overheard when she yell at her partner when he finally open the door . i m worry that the staff allow this to continue for so long . what if the partner have be suffer a medical emergency or have never open the door nobody follow up with us regard this issue which be disappointing . have someone touch base in the morning and apologize for the inconvenience i likely wouldn t be write this review.upon checkout the front desk staff throw away a handwritten not eaddresse to me as a guest of the company whose conference i be attend because my partner be perform the checkout . overall i be really let down by my stay here . the room be so nice and the location be great . i think the hyatt brand could be trust with provide a great seamless customer experience but it didn t seem like they cared.hello and thank you for take the time to share your experience at our hotel with us . first i offer my sincere apology for the poor care show to you by my team . we be in the process of train several new addition to our staff but this do not excuse the lack of professionalism and lack of interest in resolve your concern promptly and with care . please know that i have address your concern with my team so that we can continue to improve our quality of care . if i can be of any additional assistance please contact me directly .
even though i m a local i stay here with a group before a cruise . right across from the space needle and they offer a shuttle for the downtown area . because its across from the monorail station it make get downtown super easy . new room with electric shade refrigerator and microwave . while room be slightly smaller the furnishing be top notch . the breakfast buffet be great with an omelette bar and lot of fresh fruit . lobby bar and restaraunt be very reasonable and good . i d be happy to recommend this hotel to friend and traveler as its super nice.davidgmg thank you for choose to stay at hyatt house during your staycation here in seattle and for take the time to share your experience on tripadvisor . we be thrilled to hear that you create wonderful memory and utilize the amenity within our beautiful new hotel . we be always try to leave our guest with last memorable experience . please let us know when you want another getaway as we would love to you welcome you as our guest again sarah junge
the absolute best location for a downtown seattle hotel just step from the space needle emp museum pacific science centre etc .. fully equip kitchen in the suite and lot of space larger than most one bedroom apartment excellent buffet breakfast setup with top notch food quality and very comfortable seating with view of the space needle etc . the rooftop deck have lot of comfortable seating and fire pit etc so a wonderful place to wind down and end your day . too bad the parking stall be extremely tight limited however it s to be expect for such a prime downtown location . we will be back for sure 877tiffanyl we be thrilled to hear the hyatt house meet your need and appreciate the positive feedback . i be glad you be able to take advantage of the kitchen facility in the room complimentary breakfast spread in the morning and rooftop terrace . its wonderful to know when guest have a comfortable stay as we be grateful of the comment . we look forward to your next visit in seattle sarah junge
i have to first say i have be stay in just about every hyatt in the u.s . but the staff at the hyatt house be hand down the best i come in for business training . and on the 2nd day my car break down after the stress with aaa . mind you the hotel staff pick me up even give me a ride to pick up my car look i have see far and beyond go out of the way ... but they give me a peace of mind . and even take the price off the parking i mean they didn t have to it be not their problem . but take the time to help a guest out ... on top of that you can t beat a better view to sleep with than a view of the space needle . just want to say this be a great place a home from home why i keep come back great job gal guy and thank you dear kaylangerardw thank you for complete a tripadvisor review regard your recent stay at our hotel . please know that your feedback be extremely valuable to us and we will utilize your response to make every guest experience the best it can be . i be glad to hear that you and your enjoy our staff and feel like home to you we greatly appreciate your 5 star review it will be celebrate with the hotel . sorry about your car issue but i be glad that we would help with that stress . if i can be of any assistance to you please contact me directly . we very much appreciate your business and hope to see you again hopefully soon sincerely jonathan
this hotel be the place to be to experience downtown seattle . the monorail seattle center be across the street and the waterfront be walkable or by shuttle . the light rail from westlake center can take you right out to sea tac . we will be back sarah p thank you for stay with us next to the space needle we love our incredible location and be ecstatic that you feel the same way . as one of the newest member to the hyatt family we be more than appreciative of your feedback and be glad to see you enjoy your stay . we pride ourselves on our guest satisfaction and hope to see you again soon in the near future.sarah junge
we be in town to visit with our daughter and also see my brother . we stay at the hyatt house . the staff be friendly but not very empower . their direction on the way you have to use the room key in the elevator and room be not very clear . we hear that over and over again as we go up and down the elevator with other visitor . the room have strange window that look out to the hotel interior . we miss have a window to do a quick weather check . the bathroom be spacious but have the most non ergonomic faucet . turn it on mean bump your hand on the light mirror above the sink and that be unpleasant . all the elevator stop work at one point and the staff only offer a free bottle of water despite the significant challenge for the hotel visitor . i observe a person in a wheel chair as one example . no help be offer for get yourself or luggage to and from the lobby besides a free bottle of water from the lobby shop . although sometimes thing happen it be how the staff respond and this be a major disappointment . the free shuttle will take you up to 1 mile away if it be available or you can wait . the breakfast buffet be good but they do not always restock item include coffee lid in a timely fashion . i don t recommend this hotel .
good location nice room but that s it . no atmosphere impersonal not really interested front desk chaotic and hilarious above all poor and hardly any choice breakfast a room with a view of an office building at 20 meter distance privacy room clean at 17.00 after our request not a real clean room find even 2 cockroach on our bed when we go to sleep no safe in the room . just some of our disappointment . relationship price quality there be none with usd 689 2 night there be no doubt better option in seattle skipp this one .
my plan to use my 2 free hyatt night in mexico fall through but time be run out so even though i think i be go to be waste them by stay at hyatt house in seattle i didn t have a choice . as it turn out i make an excellent choice . though not a luxury hotel in mexico our visit to hyatt house be wonderful check in be straightforward and easy with the best service ever but more on that later . once we be move by request out of the strange angle corner room with a view that look out on another room we be absolutely delighted with our stay the room be surprisingly quiet despite be next to the street and near the seattle center activity . we love the location literally across the street from the space needle the view of the space needle outside our window be romantic and the rooftop terrace provide an unparalleled 360 degree view of the city . the room layout be really cool and the decor be very modern like a boutique hotel . the bed be very comfortable firm but not hard . a very minor complaint be the textured fabric of the bedspread which be a bit rough to the touch but the sheet be crisp and smooth . another minor detail be that i miss have a tub for soaking but the rain shower turn out to be fine lot of space in shower could use a seat or shelf for sit lot of storage space as well as hanger if you be stay a few day and want to unpack . the kitchen be fully stock include dish soap which seem unusual in hotel these day for some reason i don t understand . the free hotel shuttle be a great value and breakfast be decent a pretty good selection though crowd on sunday morning . he only thing that wasn t perfect about our stay be the fact that housekeeping never come the second day . we put the sign on the door and see the housekeeper next door as we be leave but for some reason our room be skip . it s always nice to come home to a freshen up room and a make bed . we have enough towel to get us through so it be fine especially give that everything else be so good . save the best part for last let me say that more than anything i have describe what we like most by far about our stay at hyatt house be the absolutely amazing service provide by eden at the front desk everyone at the front desk be truly great but she be a shine star i m not sure i ve ever experience a more genuine welcome or feel as appreciate as a customer as she make my husband and i feel . thank to her this be a perfect weekend getaway
this be my fist trip to seattle and this hotel be in a great location . pikes market be about 1.5 mile away . everything be in walk distance or there be a shuttle that will take you up to a mile out . it be a great experience.dear alexanderpx371an thank you for complete a tripadvisor review regard your recent stay at our hotel . i be glad that the location be a great for you please know that your feedback be extremely valuable to us and we will utilize your response to make every guest experience the best it can be . i greatly appreciate your kind word and they will be celebrate with the entire team . we hope you make a 2nd trip to seattle soon if i can be of any assistance to you please contact me directly . we look forward to be of service to you in the near future . best regard jonathan
i recently stay at the hyatt house hotel in seattle it be a great place to stay . our room be very nice and clean the staff be helpful and friendly and our view out of the window be of the space needle . the hotel be in a great location with a 2 minute ride on the monorail into seattle town . plenty of restaurant and coffee shop and pike place market to wander around .
great location we want to find a hotel that be centrally locate enough to not need a car and the hyatt house fit the bill . we fly into seatac airport take the light rail to downtown westlake stop and take the monorail to seattle center space needle emp museum chihuly key arena which be right next the the hyatt house . great accommodation the hotel seem brand new extremely clean and modern very spacious . great staff everyone be very nice and informative . we get to town about three hour before check in and they let us check in early . great free breakfast in addition to many choice there be also a make to order omelet bar . jay cheerfully make the omelet every day and they be excellent . and he would remember my name each day which be pretty amazing other they have a free shuttle which will take you where you want to go within a certain distance . the gym be not bad although it be on street level with big window so you kinda feel like you be work out in a fish bowl . great restaurant coffee shop shop within walk distance . about the only thing i didn t like be the parking 25 day we rent a car a couple day to visit the mountain but there be cheaper parking lot within a block so it wasn t that big a deal . check all the travel site to compare price i find one that have the same room for 20 less a night than the rest . overall the hyatt house be an excellent choice for our seattle vacation cushionhead it be a pleasure accommodate you recently at the hyatt house seattle downtown and we sincerely appreciate the glowing review i have share your feedback with the team regard your experience and will strive to make sure we be exceed all of our guest expectation . please let us know when you visit next as we look forward to have you as our guest sarah junge
this be an awesome hotel the staff be very nice and extremely helpful . the hotel be modern and beautiful . the location be excellent right across the street from the space needle . the roof top terrace be lovely day or night with an amazing view of the space needle . easy to get to downtown via a 2.25 trip each way on the monorail to westlake center . from westlake center it s just a 10 minute walk to pike place . the hotel also provide shuttle service within a mile.cheryl h thank you for choose to stay at hyatt house during your recent trip to seattle and for take the time to share your experience on tripadvisor . we be thrilled to hear that you create wonderful memory throughout seattle and utilize the amenity within our beautiful new hotel . i will pass on your kind word to the staff they will all be burst with excitement know they make a difference . we be always try to leave our guest with last memorable experience . please let us know when you plan on return to seattle as we would love to you welcome you as our guest again sarah junge
this hotel be very clean and very convenient within walk distance to all attraction and to the cruise pier . they be locate directly across the street from the space needle so our view from our window be spectacular . would recommend this to anyone visit for a few day prior to go on a cruise . also close to the monorail that will take you into the city.reneeo784 on behalf of the staff we truly appreciate you choose the hyatt house seattle downtown . your comment about the cleanliness of the room and unbeatable location next to the iconic space needle and seattle center have the team proud to be member of the hotel . we hope you can join us again for your next trip into seattle sarah junge
i recently stay at this hotel while attend a conference at the washington convention center . this hotel be about a mile from the convention center but the hotel have a shuttle for free . my room be very clean and welcoming . my only minor issue with the hotel be the hvac system in the room do not allow for fan on at all time . i prefer this while sleeping.dear hunterhersh thank you for complete a tripadvisor regard your recent stay at the hyatt house seattle . please know that your feedback be extremely valuable to us and we will utilize your response to make every guest experience the best it can be . i greatly appreciate your kind word and they will be celebrate with the entire team . i be glad to hear that you enjoy the location and our free shuttle . i will investigate the hvac system i be sorry that this be be an inconvenience for you if i can be of any assistance to you please contact me directly . we look forward to be of service to you in the near future . we appreciate your business sincerely jonathan
it be a long haul from adelaide to seattle ........ but arrive at hyatt house seattle downtown be very inviting and impressive how perfect be locate across from the needle not have to go far for one of the awesome sightseeing sight bed very comfortable dear cynthia b thank you for complete a tripadvisor review regard your recent stay at our hotel . please know that your feedback be extremely valuable to us and we will utilize your response to make every guest experience the best it can be . i be glad to hear that you find our location across the street from the space needle to be perfect and bed comfortable we greatly appreciate your 5 star review it will be celebrate with the hotel . if i can be of any assistance to you please contact me directly . we very much appreciate your business and hope to see you gain soon most sincerely jon
perfect location to seattle center . lot s of thing to do within walk distance . very clean and accommodating staff . great hot breakfast and happy hour special . lobby be very inviting to hang out have a drink or people watch.lori s thank you for choose to stay at hyatt house during your recent trip to seattle and for take the time to share your experience on tripadvisor . we value the feedback from our guest and be always strive to improve our guest stay . please let us know when you return as we would love to welcome you back as our guest.sarah junge
not pleased . poor experience . will definitely stay somewhere else next time . 7 day 6 night stay ... zero cleaning despite numerous request no fresh towel or linen entire week other than towel soap toilet paper we help ourselves to from nearby cart . overflow garbage can be finally put in hallway day 4.dear robinsu9085vk thank you very much for take the time our of your day to review our hotel and share your stay with us . i very much appreciate the feedback and i be very sorry to hear about the poor costumer service you experience . i assure you that your feedback be take seriously and we will use it to better our hotel operation . i be happy to hear that you enjoy our great location . please keep us in mind the next time you be in the seattle area . we would love to be give another opportunity to ensure you have a great stay . please feel free to reach out to me personally . we do appreciate your business . sincerely jonathan
we couldn t be happier with our stay at hyatt house seattle . the front desk be so accommodate they have recommendation for restaurant thing to do they also help us if we need direction to place we also want to visit . there be also a shuttle that we rely on to get us around it be great thank you hyatt ... more
i always try to stay at the hyatt house whenever i m in seattle for business . the room be studio apartment and extremely well kept and clean . the staff be knowledgeable and helpful . the bar kitchen be open late and the breakfast be pretty good for a free meal . this be not the place for people look for a luxury experience with a ton of amenity . it s centrally locate to seattle landmark and if you re lucky you get a view of the space needle.dear jenk wow your header say it all . i be so happy to hear this and that you feel the hyatt house be exactly what you need . thank you also for be a repeat guest . any time we get a 5 star review we celebrate it as a team . i be glad the our larger room and knowledgeable staff make your stay great . we hope to see you soon weather it be for business or pleasure sincerely jonathan
very convenient location to downtown seattle . its locate right across the space needle . we only stay here for 1 night . they have very good and delicious breakfast omelette be a hit front desk and dining room staff be very friendly . we arrive on time to check in so that we have more time to see seattle . but our room be not ready . we wait for couple of hour in the lobby before it become available . what not very impressive then the whole night our wifi be not work . they say they will reset the router as soon the technician arrive but it be already too late . we have to check out early for our city tour and our cruise housekeeping i think they have to pay more attention in term of their room service . towel and toiletry supply be not enough to accommodate 5 people . we have to request some more supply . after a couple of hour we wait for the availability of our room we expect way better
very impressed with this hotel . great location opposite the space needle and the monorail run past our window no noise at all so convenient for get quickly into the centre for all your sight seeing . room be comfortable and clean with little kitchenette facility . breakfast buffet be good and there be ready meal and snack to purchase from the front desk area if you arrive late and want to rustle up a quick bite in your room.ideal for family travel to seattle this be a comfortable and well equip base.recommend and would return .
housekeeping leave my door unlock and at the end of my stay the staff charge the wrong credit card . the people be pleasant but if i have a choice between brusque staff who do their job properly and pleasant people who do not i d take brusque.paul m thank you for choose to stay at hyatt house during your recent trip to seattle and for take the time to share your experience on tripadvisor . i sincerely apologize about the inconvenience during your stay and will use your review to make the appropriate change to improve our guest experience . your feedback be essential to us and we hope to have the opportunity as our guest once again . sarah junge
i really enjoy stay at the hyatt house the room be comfortable the shower be great . the staff be very attentive and the shuttle easy to take to local spot in the area . a really comfortable place to be when you re away from home.erika w we be sincerely appreciative of your complimentary remark on your experience at the hyatt house seattle downtown . i have share your feedback with the team as we pride ourselves on the thing we do right and how we can continually improve . safe travel we hope to see you again while visit the area sarah junge
we stay here wilt our grandson and his dalmatian dog and we have a terrific stay julia be joke with our grandson about how big the dog be and he think that be great everyday when we get back to the hotel he be look for her to talk to about what he and the dog do and by the end of our stay he be hug her goodbye . housekeeping be also terrific never run out of anything . keep up the good worklwill789 thank you for choose to stay at hyatt house during your recent trip to seattle and for take the time to share your experience on tripadvisor . we be thrilled to hear that you your grandson and his dalmatian dog create wonderful memory throughout seattle and utilize the amenity within our beautiful new hotel . i will pass on your kind word to the staff they will all be burst with excitement know they make a difference . we be always try to leave our guest with last memorable experience . please let us know when you plan on return to seattle as we would love to you welcome you as our guest again sarah junge
we stay 4 night and have a corner room . its across the street from city center and the space needle . hop on the monorail and you be downtown a short walk to pikes place market . its hard to find nice room in seattle for under 200 a night which be what we pay include taxis and parking . oh and do i say breakfast be included.dear gary s thank you for complete our guest survey regard your recent stay at our hotel . please know that your feedback be extremely valuable to us and we will utilize your response to make every guest experience the best it can be . i be glad to hear that you find our location to be great and our hotel to be a great value i greatly appreciate your 5 star review it will be celebrate with the hotel . if i can be of any assistance to you please contact me directly . we appreciate your business sincerely jonathan
if you re not a seattle veteran you need to know that there be 3 main downtown neighborhood . the old city by pioneer square in the south the heart of downtown near the pike place market and the northern neighborhood near the seattle center space needle . while the heart of downtown have traditionally be the best neighborhood for tourist to stay in the ongoing revitalization of the seattle center area have somewhat shift this equation . personally for tourist purpose i like the seattle center neighborhood just as much primarily because it s a little less corporate a little more casual and have ready access to many of the best museum like the emp across the street from the hyatt . it s also only a 20 minute walk to the pike place market from the hyatt house and they offer a complimentary shuttle service too.in this context the hyatt house be a grear place to stay if you re ok with the seattle center location . the hotel be new and have a nice modern vibe . since it s an extended stay brand room at the hyatt house be large . for this particular location they also make them stylish . as a hyatt gold passport platinum member my family be upgrade to an extremely comfortable one bedroom suite face the space needle . breakfast be well above average for a free hotel breakfast my only complaint be that the omelette maker be completely overwhelmed and it could take more than a half hour to get an omelette the buffet food have no delay . it s a nice touch to offer omelette but it doesn t work unless they can be make efficiently.the shuttle bus can also be a bit of a mixed blessing . in rush hour traffic the service can be quite slow . i d recommend walk to downtown during peak periods.dave sreview thank you for choose to stay at hyatt house during your recent trip to seattle and for take the time to share your experience on tripadvisor . we value the feedback from our guest and be always strive to improve our guest stay . please let us know when you return as we would love to welcome you back as our guest.sarah junge
what a killer hotel i get in really early and there be no room available when i arrive but the front desk take quick care in make sure i have somewhere to change and get ready for work in time such great service room be very clean and well maintain with great view of the city i will be back thank hi michael thank for the great review glad we be able to help get you to work on time . your coming back be what matter most to us see you then evan
comfortable quiet friendly staff . the lobby be amazing and a great place to meet for drink . the room i have be small but functional . elevator be always available.overall this be a nice gem in downtown philadelphia close to city hall and restaurant . i highly recommend it.todd be a part of the opening team i have say from day one even during construction that our lobby would be the most beautiful and exciting in the city . it be always great to hear that our guest such as yourself feel the same our team be always work hard to ensure that you have a quiet and relaxing stay and i be glad that you feel we be successful in that attempt . i hope we see you again soon best andrew drydenassistant general manager
this hotel be recently open 7 month ago and use to be a bank . the room be clean spotless and very comfortable . i be travel in business and it be smack bang in the middle of centre city with easy access to everything . there be a tv in the room with load of channel to keep you occupied . the shower and toilet be very clean . the only thing i d say be for the shampoo and shower gel provide to be fragrance .. that s just my preference.the staff be get polite esp walter and troy .. thank boy for make my stay welcoming .. it be great to chat with you guy and sorry i didn t get to say goodbye properly . i can t comment on breakfast or food as i didn t have this and i don t drink so can not comment on the bar.lastly the vibe be really nice and noamaan now that s a headline we be shoot for 7 star but there be rule about what define star or diamond level . those rating be relate to amenity instead of service . that s why we love tripadvisor it provide real story about real experience in hotel . thank for share your . we appreciate the 5 star review . i will share the shout out with walter and troy though i suspect they re watch too ... hope to have you back soon
our guest have a fabulous weekend . room be beautiful . staff be amazing and so accommodate . comfortable lobby with pool table and game be a great meeting space . we have a light breakfast for our guest the morning after the wedding in the lobby and it work out great . would highly recommend aloft downtown as the hotel for your wedding guest hi jeanne thank for the five bubble it be a thrill to serve the entire wedding party . it be the first time we use w xyz for a wedding brunch and we re delighted you enjoy the space . sorry about the rain it would have be really cool for your family and friend to enjoy the backyard . hope the bride and groom enjoy the honeymoon we d love to have all of you back for the anniversary evan
the aloft hotel be in an excellent location it be right next to city hall and the market and walk distance to so many other shop and restaurant . the hotel itself be extremely clean as be the hotel room . the room be on the smaller side but if you re like me and my husband you re not there to spend all your time in the room . it be plenty of space for the two of us . the bar downstairs be nice we each enjoy a cocktail there one of the night . the only negative i would say be the expensive valet parking however we go one block north on broad st and find parking for 15 dollar a day . overall a great stay and highly recommend . lindsay thank you for your kind word we truly be fortunate to be in the heart of so many great thing that philadelphia offer . i be so glad to see that you enjoy your stay so much and that you be able to relax not only in your room but at wxyz bar as well . i look forward to welcome you back the next time you visit our fine city best andrew drydenassistant general manager
great stay at this hotel . the staff be wonderful the hotel be very close to city hall and read terminal . great outdoor patio and fun lobby . the room be nice and bed comfortable . hallway be a little narrow but be an older renovate building . definitely would stay here again .
we stay at the aloft for a business trip . it be super convenient have this hotel right next door to convention center staff nice room clean bed be comfy and spacious great bar and outdoor space to relax ill stay here again if i have to come back for work . train station a little over two mile away . i submit a survey the first night there ask for an orange pen they have the best and the next day before lunch there be a bag hang on my door with four pen in it . talk about pay attention to detail . what a great customer experience . hi sarah five bubble we love it thank you glad you get some time to chill in our backyard it s the perfect place to hang after a day of work . if the 4 pen run out you know where to get more come back just for fun we be not only about serve you for work . perhaps you can pen a best seller ... happy summer evan
very good situation in the center of philadelphia the bed be perfect . our only night here be just great the night be completly dark which be important for us and very quiet . john be very helpfull . thank youcd we appreciate the great review glad you get to take advantage of the blackout shade and quiet space for a restful night sleep . hope to have you back for more than one night evan
we need a room for one day after surgery and have to return to the hospital the next day so aloft be closest to our pleasant surprise the staff be above and beyond accommodate from tevin in valet department to misia and tatyanna front desk thank you so much linda hopefully the surgery be as successful as the as your visit to our hotel . we do have the best staff and be grateful for their effort . tatyanna misha and tevin will be cheer and celebrate for your shout out . thank you for recognize their effort . heal fast then come back and have some fun evan
when we arrive our 2 queen room have not be prepare . the staff give us 2 1 king room for the first night then move us to a 2 queen room for the second night . they be very helpful in schedule our move and handle our bag . well do hi 429 thank for the five bubble sorry we didn t have the two bed room available upon your arrival that sometimes happen in our biz . glad we be able to overcome and create a great experience for you . hope to get back soon there s still plenty of summer leave to play evan
the staff and hotel be very nice . the room be modern and obviously recently redone at least our 13th floor room be . the building itself be old but it look good inside . the lobby and bar be clean and modern . there be a pool table and lot of game to entertain kid and the young at heart in the lobby area.downtown philly be heavily populate with the homeless . the methodist church across arch st from the aloft downtown seem like a focal point for them . several time i be approach for a handout but never feel like my wife son and i be in any danger . i wouldn t necessarily recommend walk alone after dark in the area but it be a bustling area during the day . we walk back as a group to the hotel from city hall subway station after a phillie game maybe 11 30pm and it be fine.it be very easy to get to a bus or subway train in a 5 10 minute walk . the view of city hall be stunning and love park the read terminal market even independence hall and the museum of art be all walkable . the convention center be right next to the aloft so it would be a good place to stay if you be attend a conference there.there be always uber and lyft driver a minute or 2 away when we need to get anywhere . there be also cab and the hotel offer valet parking for 50 or so a night . there be also several parking ramp and some street parking in the area as well.there be a mcdonalds across the street but no restaurant in the building . there be a small store for food and drink inside the lobby and a 7 11 convenience store a block away down the street on broad st . otherwise i didn t find a ton of food option immediately around the hotel but there be a lot of option a couple block away.it be certainly not cheap but i like the hotel and i would stay there again the next time i go back to philadelphia.hi jw thank you for the five bubble review we get excited when our guest connect with our hotel and city as you do . your last line i would stay there again be what we all work hard to accomplish . we also appreciate your take the time to provide other traveler your experience outside the hotel . our pride extend beyond our hotel and into our community . it s great that you re share personal and authentic story thank you for that . i hope all your travel bring you much joy evan
awesome hotel in an awesome location in an awesome city . the staff go above and beyond . the style of the hotel be great . we have an awesome view of city hall . perfect central location to do anything in phily.perryjo9 thank you so much awesome be certainly the word i would also choose to describe our team they be the best in the city and we be truly fortunate to have them all . i be so glad to hear that you enjoy yourself so much and i hope that we have the chance to see you again soon andrew drydenassistant general manager
it be my first time stay with aloft but now it have become my top choice . the location be great and accessible to trolley and within walk distance to many spot . the room be well decorate with many charger . front desk be really helpful and friendly . the only problem be the terrible sound insulation that i could hear my next door clearly . many leisure in hotel but i be too busy to explore . definitely come back for my next stay in philly.hi jane we be thrill you re come back to philly and of course our hotel the five bubble review be much appreciate everyone need to stay powered up . thank for notice how we place usb port all over the hotel bedside in two location on the desk under the w xyz bar and throughout the lobby area . we want to be sure your connect and in touch can t wait to have you back thank you for your business evan
everything be great staff be wonderful misha at front desk be so helpful so glad i pick this hotel to celebrate my husband birthday . love our room be a corner room with 2 queen very comfortable . favorite part be the lobby just a great place to hang out nice bar fun game music at night really cool area . we will be back mich misha be amazing we be glad you choose our hotel for the b day celebration and that we take good care of you . of course you don t have to wait for his birthday to come back we can help write a new rx if need phillie bell parkway casino shop kimmel center concert theater just to name a few see you soon evan misha s biggest fan
my other half and i always enjoy aloft hotel wherever we go for the modern decor pet friendliness and good value . downtown philadelphia be no exception . the location be absolutely perfect . you walk right outside and be stare at city hall on broad street . if it be not so stink cold it would have be an ideal location for walkability . room be as expect for aloft and value be great as usual . we really enjoy our stay and hope to return when it be not so cold outside . hi micah 5 star wow thank you glad you enjoy our hotel and of course the perfect location . the weather god be a little off in their timing for your visit . we be look at record high this week want to come back we ve get some space available look forward to your enjoy our backyard on the next visit . send warm thought ... evan
what a cool hotel super friendly helpful and thorough check in and up to a super cool room the view be amazing the location could not be better you be ten fifteen minute from all the sight check out the view from my room awesome my favourite hotel by a long way.dont stay somewhere average do not stay somewhere bore stay here and feel the coolness permeate to you good work guy good workmartin have to say this be my favourite review of the day your don t stay somewhere average ... line be classic . perhaps you should be our new pitchman thank for the recognition of the good work a lot go into get this right from the brand to the design and of course the most important part the staff thank for stay here and hope to have you back soon evan
the saint hotel in key west be by far the very best boutique hotel on the island . the staff be beyond amazing gracious and accommodate in every manner . thank you for make every day a great day the hotel and ground be spotless the pool area be an amazing place to totally unwind and relax . the music be perfect and the sound of the waterfall really set you up for a great day in the sun of key west my room be beautifully appoint with marble floor modern furnishing and a large marble bath . house keeping and turn down service be exceptional as well.i would compare the saint to a 1 000 a night boutique hotel in south beach the vibe be cool and you will not find it anywhere else in key west after stay here for a week i highly recommend the saint and can tell you this be the only hotel in key west that i will be stay at in the future it can t be beat thank you for choose the saint hotel and for the amazing review . be a new hotel we depend on our review and we appreciate the wonderful word . we will see you next time you re in key west .
great place to hang and rest after do the key west thing . the staff be very attentive and courteous . the decor be gorgeous attention to detail from the lobby to the room s bathroom . the pool area be an oasis to cool your body and enhance your soul . we plan to make this our place to stay whenever we re in key west and can t wait to check out the one in new orleans . greathotelsthank you for take time out to give our property such a wonderful review . we be so tickle our property have make such an impression . we also appreciate any loyalty or interest you may have in our sister property which like key west be an amazing property . please contact us to assist in any future reservation or information you may need .
abraham maryann and serge be excellent in their service go above expectations.room be clean and quiet pool be large with soothe waterfall breakfast and location be exceptional . will stay at the saint on future visits.roger and pati be really great have you guy it be like have family with us . i share your review serge and marianne want to say hi and thank you . i hope you have already start think about your next trip to key west because we be look forward to your next visit . thank you for all the kind word .
this be truly heaven on earth . very modern nice and clean hotel in the middle of everything in key west . friendly staff free parking 2 block away ... only 5 min walk away.we will defiantly be back.hi mr . kortbaek it be truly a pleasure have you spend gracious time with us during your trip to key west . we greatly appreciate all the kind word you have for our property and staff . please keep us in mind should you be travel to key west in the near or not so near future . once again thank you .
paul the other bartender be always so attentive . i enjoy go in and relax . i tell everyone i know to stop in and see how nice the saint be . the food be good and the drink menu be fun ... i tell all my friend to stop in 417 to 714 happy hour.it s a great happy hour to try all that we have to offer in food and drink . thank you for take the time to write a review and we look forward to see you soon
side door onto duval st . perfect location . room may be smaller than anticipate for us guest but standard for europe . poolside be great excellent bar . didn t eat so can not comment on food . one big let down be housekeep . very poor for this level of property . gm know who i be and they have plenty opportunity to fix it but never come back . overall still pleased . but fix room cleanliness and you then merit marriott autograph collection ... thank you for take the time to provide feedback regard your recent stay with us . we be pleased to hear that you end up enjoy your stay but would have love for you to have a perfect stay . we be take action to prevent the issue you experience from occur again . we hope that you will return and give us the opportunity to provide you with a seamless stay here.cheer
what an experience ....... old on the outside ..... new modern on the inside . our room be small but when in the key you don t spend a lot of time in the room . first class service . valet parking which you need if u stay downtown . there be a 30 fee for parking but it s worth it . the reception room be very unique and the bar be beautiful . it do have a pool and garden be beautiful . it s close to malery park to watch sunset and be by all the restaurant and bars.thank you so much for take the time to provide feedback regard your recent stay with us . we always appreciate feedback whether it be good or bad and we be ecstatic that you have a great stay with us . please come back and see us again we would be delighted to have you
this be the second time i have stay in this hotel . the first time i stay it be still under the southern cross hotel management group . i choose this hotel the first time due to its location but after stay notice it could have use some update however the location make up for that . well now that the saint have rebrande this hotel it be truly the best value in key west with top notch amenity along with the awesome location.on this trip we stay with family and friend and this hotel meet our need perfectly . i do think this hotel be also great for a more romantic getaway . it definitely have that modern romantic feel but also suit family s as well . very well done.the staff be among the nicest we have encounter in key west and they really go out of their way to make sure you enjoy your stay . we will definitely be stay here in the future and i highly recommend you give this hotel a shot on your next trip to key west . you win t be disappointed.thank you for let us know how much you enjoy your recent stay at the saint hotel we appreciate your positive comment on our staff and hotel atmosphere . we be so glad that you find it conveniently locate to everything we hope you will come visit us again . thank you again for your review .
this perfect hotel be in the perfect location . the photo here don t do it justice . if you like trendy boutique hotel then this be the perfect place for you to stay in key west . we love everything about our stay . the room and property be well keep and clean the breakfast be plentiful and meet our need and the staff be all very friendly . i would recommend this hotel for couple or a getaway with friends.thank you and a special thank from the staff of the saint hotel key west . we be extremely thankful for your recommendation and your excellent praise of the property . we hope we have the opportunity to accommodate you on your next trip to key west .
the wait staff in bar not so good and not friendly . the rest of be stay be very good . clean room great location for the duval crawl . i will be back next time i m in the area . be i be a fan of key west i want to try something differentthank you for your feedback and i will share this with the food beverage manager so that this be a single occurance . we hope to have another chance to serve you on your next trip to key west
we stay for new year eve 2016 . from the minute we walk in the door we be treat like preferred guest . abraham and maria make us feel right at home . they be even kind enough to keep the bar open so we could enjoy a drink after a long day of travel . paul lane justin and jess be all fantastic behind the bar . the shipwreck be out of this world and paul should be nominate for sainthood for the way he make this drink . overall we have a fabulous stay . the pool be warm and with some adjusting of chair we be able to catch some sunshine . the hotel location be absolutely ideal . we walk everywhere and there be wonderful place to eat and drink all around us . this be the place to stay in key west thank you so much for take the time to provide feedback regard your recent stay with us . we be so happy to hear that you enjoy your stay with us and that you be able to indulge in one of our delicious drink . we will be sure to pass along all of your kind word to each staff member you mention . please come back and see us
a hip vibe and soothe lounge music greet you at this fairly new white clothe 36 room property locate step from duval street the main drag in key west . staff seem a bit over tax at time but they bend over backward to assist with everything from meal room service taxi and logistic . service be excellent start with the smile assistance of bellman gustavo who be helpful not to mention easy on the eye . room be simply decorate in a modern white motif with blue accent . blue lighting predominate on the exterior too . many of the room open with balcony and patio to a lap style pool crown by a waterfall and buddha at one end . careful they do have some room accurately bill as petite that would be cramp for a couple . my superior king be spacious enough and comfortable and be part of the new remodel construction . you may want to request a newer room . the location can not be beat . it sit in a relatively quiet block of the otherwise clamorous duval street . through a side gate you step right onto duval . go left and hit all the iconic bar from hemingway day . go right and there be more of the same include all of the gay bar and club that be only 4 to 6 block away . i walk to the marina for several excursion to the southernmost point and south beach . the hotel have bike available at no charge . i only need a taxi to get to the airport and far off marina for some of my excursion . overall this property serve me well . its common space be chic and modern the room be comfortable and the people work there make thing as easy as possible.thank you so much for take the time to provide feedback regard your stay with us . we be thrilled to hear that you enjoy your time and the amenity of our property we will be sure to pass along all of your kind word to our employee so that they know their hard work be appreciate . please come back and see us
the saint hotel be a top notch hotel locate only half a block from the action of duval st . from the check in experience to the amazing upgrade room overlook the beautiful infinite pool and the convenience of the prime location in key west this place be awesome . upon check in i be help to my room by the amazingly helpful and friendly staff and i be direct to some place i should check out for the nightlife all within walk distance . the next 2 day i start my morning with the complimentary continental breakfast follow by explore the island of key west on 1 of the complimentary hotel bike . i be able to end my afternoon with some relaxation in the amazing pool area . the entire staff be extremely helpful and professional throughout my stay . it be great to see the manager abraham be very active with the everyday working of the hotel staff and guest to ensure everyone have a great unforgettable experience at the saint . i would without a doubt stay at the saint on my next trip to key west miss elissa very nice you tell me you be go to write a review but i didn t expect all this your writing have definitely spread smile throughout the employee . thank you the whole staff thank you . we be delighted you choose the saint hotel during your stay in key west you be a fun guest easy to talk to and a delightful ray of sunshine around the property . should your future travel bring you back to key west we hope the saint hotel will be your preference out of the many hotel to choose . once again thank you for the wonderful review .
my husband make these reservation and i be a bit nervous after read some review . i be a bit more nervous when i see their lobby which be far from the usual marriott lobby . however our room be spotlessly clean overlook the lovely pool area and be quite nice . it be smaller perhaps but not nearly as small as i expect from some review and not small enough to be an issue . the staff be very accommodating and interesting . the location be centrally locate and convenient . this be not a cookie cutter hotel . there be absolutely nothing cookie cutter about it . if you re look for something unusual this be it . thank you for your kind review and for you loyalty to marriott.we do appreciate the fact that you give us the opportunity to surprise you in a positive manner . and we be delighted to hear that we have be able to meet and go beyond your expectations.as a boutique hotel from the autograph collection of marriott we be proud to differentiate ourselves by our unique concept and design.we hope to have the pleasure to welcome you again in the future .
this property be delightful in every way the perfect place to celebrate my birthday the decor be unique and our room be very comfortable functional and stylish . the pool view afford us a surprisingly quiet stay particularly give the proximity to duval street . paul and tripp at the bar be both amazing each in his own way . they be artist behind the bar brewing literally sometimes concoction that be different from anything i ve ever taste but each be really special . and what can i say about andrew in the kitchen he cook our tuna and snapper catch in 3 course and they be nothing short of magnificent . again like nothing i ve ever have before . i love this place and will undoubtedly be back again hopefully before too long thank you so much for your review we be so delighted your birthday be a success . it tickle me to hear all the great evaluation you have for our staff . i must mention andrew have this unequivocal desire to please he live to see people expression after their first bite . its good to know we ve make a new friend hope to see you again soon .
what a bad mistake choose this hotel . as a platinum marriott member i think that i could expect a certain minimum standard in service and accommodation . man be i wrong although i book the least expensive room type i expect a room upgrade if available . the marriott website show a number of upgrade room type available but the hotel refuse to upgrade . i have never see this before . the manager lie to me say there be no other room available and have no explanation when i point to the front desk clerk who confirm what the marriott website say about other room available . the room i be provide be the smallest room i have ever experience ... my home closet be larger worse yet the room do not feel clean . the bathroom floor be unacceptable . thankfully i be able to check out the next day and find a much better hotel at about a third less . in sum ridiculously small unclean room with horrible management.thank you for take the time to provide feedback regard your recent stay with us . we be disappointed to hear that you have a less than perfect experience . we will pass along this review to each department to ensure that problem like your do not occur again . cheer
we be in key west september 18th thru september 22nd . we be suppose to meet another couple but unfortunately they couldn t make it because anne marie break her ankle shortly before the trip . so we get to the saint hotel that sunday after be drop off by a taxi that we take from the airport . i would have never believe that something so beautiful would be behind the front door that we enter . once inside the place be magnificent the room the pool the bar restaurant area be all so nice i would be remiss if i do not mention how friendly and personable the staff be particularly gustavo lobo and maria . gustavo be so helpful and friendly . he be so pleasant to be around . he go out of his way to help us especially when we be at the pool . and maria she be so personable and a pleasure to talk to . both be outstanding people wish we could have stay longer we mistakenly leave a bag of gift at the hotel when we have already leave for home and after call the hotel to see if we have leave it there it be send back to our home within five day great place both hotel and island thank your for this amazing review.please be sure that i will share this comment with gustavo maria . they make us proud everyday by provide a genuinely caring service to our guests.in addition we be flat that you truly appreciate the unique decor and saintly vibe of our establishment . and it be true that the saint be full of surprise and mystery ... on the other hand i be sorry to hear that your trip with us be too short but note that we will always be pleased to have you here in key west .
we recently stay at the suncoast hotel for a wedding we attend . this hotel be choose by the couple so we weren t sure what to expect . the staff be pleasant enough . upon enter we immediately notice how strongly it smell of smoke much stronger than any other casino we ve ever be in . our room be spacious enough and clean though date somewhat in appearance . the toilet in our bathroom leak a bit and the brass towel rack be all scratch up as well . the wallpaper be peel off in a spot or two . our toiletry be not replenish at all during our stay but we didn t bother to call about it . the price of course be ridiculously low . my husband and i aren t big gambler so think we would enjoy some time by the pool . we be surprised at how small the pool be and that there be no poolside server . it be more like any backyard pool rather than a pool for a large casino . there be a tgi friday near the pool which we be able to get drink from and eat at a couple of time . the food and service there be very good . there be a bar by the pool but it wasn t open at all during our 4 day stay . this property be a good 30 minute ride from the strip which be about a 50 cab ride one way for us personally we would much prefer to stay closer in as we like to site see and visit different restaurant . the pool be also a large deciding factor for us as well .
i have stay here a few time and most recently this week . their deluxe room be sub par the one with the golf view be somewhat better and worth the money . the mediterranean two bedroom suite be a great value and the presidential be a swing and a miss for us . all of the room be spacious but the bedding in the deluxe room be uncomfortable . we never stay in the one bedroom suite but med suite be very large with ample common space and generous sized bedroom . the bathroom be green granite which give a nice feel to the room . we most recently stay in a presidential suite one of four in the hotel room 960 . we be book in the med . suite but decide to accept the up sell upgrade and pay the extra 124 per night to check it out . while it be about 1 000 sq ft larger than the med . the huge common area be waste on the two of us . the two bedroom be a bit larger with the king master offer a beautiful panoramic view of the golf course from the bathroom . the rest of the room have sweeping view of the mountain once you get past the immediate view of the top of the parking garage . the master shower have a shower panel that look to offer a variety of body jet with a shower head . the thing be awful with the only two option be the waterfall and shower head or just the waterfall . the first night the water barely get hot enough to take a shower . i report the problem and they fix the water temp but not the panel . the water in lv be very hard and this panel also have the classic green deposit that come from the water . you would think they could afford some clr to clean the unitwhile i be on the soapbox i must comment about their toiletry . the shower bath soap be a tiny little white bar in a cheap cardboard box . the shampoo and conditioner be equally cheap but the kicker be the hand face soap . it be a little round disc in a plastic package . when i open it to use it i think it be a recycle soap piece it have no lather and be just crap . if anyone from the property read this you really need to re think these product as they scream cheap . the rest of the facility be a midstream casino resort experience . grant you be not on the strip but there be nicer neighborhood property in the area . the newly add the game sport bar and subway be decent . the deli . offer a great value for your money albeit with a limited menu . there be also a movie theater and a variety of other restaurant that we didn t try . the pool appear to be small for the property so investigate it further if you plan to spend much of your stay at it . the staff be all very friendly and there be ample and easy parking . overall not a bad place but just ok.thank you for post your comment on your recent stay . i have send your comment to our facility and housekeeping team to address . i hope the next time you stay you will take the time to enjoy all the amenity our property have to offer . have a nice day .
we decide to stay a few extra day in vegas and find a good offer at the suncoast plus we want to spend our morning hike in red rock . the positive economical close to red rock large pool lot of park large room nice staff . negative old the carpet be shaggy like the atmosfere in general . in the end we wound up just sleep and spend the afternoon on the strip which take 30 minute by car.thank you for your review . sound like you enjoy most of your stay and you will be pleased we be go through a full scale remodel of our hotel room . i think you will be pleased with our new room and we look forward to your future stay . have a nice day .
stay here from october 12 18th . excellent location away from the hustle and bustle of the strip traffic . great eat place around shop for one who like to shop . one the greatest bingo hall ever . i come her in april and win 46 080.00 playing bingo come back this time and my husband win 1430.00 play bingo and then win another 500.00 when they call his name on a raffle drawing.room be to die for absolutely beautiful have a wonderful view of the city mountain and golf course . next door also in two other casino to enjoy and 5minute away be the beautiful red rock casino.the slot be also nice to play do not win a lot but stay alive and do not lose my shirt.will definitely be come back to stay .
during our recent stay in las vegas nv we stay at the suncoast resort and casino . the room be very large with a great view of the golf course have to pay extra for the view . the maid be very nice and friendly . we eat at three of the restaurant that be onsite . good food and a very fair price . there be a movie theater onsite . we go to a movie and be surprised at the size and comfort nice the resort be close to the red rock . to top off our trip one of us win a royal flush . love our visit great room comfortable bed nice view quiet and very welcoming .
i get a thank you for stay with us email with the above word in it . on my last trip i have just leave the suncoast and be talk to a slot attendent at the mirage who also like the suncoast . he ask why i like it so much and i say i do not know now i know i feel so comfortable here . i stay at the suncoast for 2 3days every 2months as part of a longer10 11 day holiday . it be not the strip but it be still a nice casino a local casino with bowl a cinema and bingo hall . but it also have a conference centre banuet hall . you do not look out over the strip but you can look out over a golf course and their nice pool area . when i stay on the strip i actually ask for a mountain view room rather than a view of mcdonald and walgreen even though i be a semi regular i be treat as a local . if i room charge i do not need to show i would that s ok we know you . the cocktail waitress even remember what i like to drink . they like my english accent i have change the date of mt stay and the receptionist spot that my dining credit have not be carry over so she correct that . they now have sofa for the rest of your party can rest while you sign in . the area be smoke free for those not use to casino but i still say i do not recognise the casino as be smokey . i like the buffet for breakfast 8.50 inc tax but then du par for dinner where i can sit and have the food bring to me . the wine be 5 a glass 4 7 p.m. a nice end to the day . i m interested in try pengzu . the menu be on the suncoast website and have some interesting dish that attract this 61yo white guy . for burger etc they have the game sportsbar or the bowling alley snack bar i have enjoy both . some day i do not feel hungary but i be tired so i get a subway and a bottle of wine from the gift shop glen ellen cabenet 4 and retire to my room . there be a refrigerator in the room . du par do the room service but the menu be miss from my room the last two trip . at some hotel that would be an issue but not at the suncoast . my next trip will be in may with a suite at nyny a room at the suncoast and a suite at the mirage . i have ask for a tuscany suite on estandby . if i do not get it i will be happy with my 550sqft suncoast room with floor to ceiling window . i can get a bus from outside nyny or the airport to the suncoast for 2 the westcliffe express wax . the bus can take me back to the strip and someday it have take me to downtown to visit the suncoast s sister properties.awesome we love to see five star experience . we be glad our mission be fulfill through you experience with us thank you for visit us see you again next time
a nice clean casino with affordable restaurant . however the service you get from the host and manager be nothing short of unacceaptable . be one of the newest casino in summerlin area do not give management the right to have a chip on their shoulder . unlike other casino who treat their guest as if they would want to be treat the suncoast management don t care if one have a pulse as long as one bring in revenue to their casinos.their compensation for player be zero . you can be sit there for 5 hour and end up with a 10 buffet voucher which they will write it off on their expense . i stop an executive host to ask a question about the table action and he purposely ignore me and walk away . i have be to this casino in the past and swear to my family and friend that i will never make the drive and step in this casino again . suncoast management should understand that they be not the only casino in vegas and they be not close to be the best . i would rate them bottom of the barrell.suncoast management go back to the basic and treat customer well and they will come back for more action .
the suncoast hotel itself be nice . the room we have be a standard king room and very spacious and clean . the bed and pillow be rather industrial hard . the fitness room be well maintain and the hotel overall pleasing . the casino be well ventilate and equip with all the standard gaming.the breakfast buffet be a bargain for we mature folk . the evening buffet be mediocre at best.the desk be verrrry slow in check in.the biggest disadvantage of the suncoast be its location out away from the strip and downtown . it be isolate in a more residential part of northwest las vegas . they do try to compensate by make a free shuttle available which run on time and take guest to the airport or to the strip .
lady manager so rough flirty ... tall n sloppy . talk like a man .. didn t care about the problem ... as far as the room concern n restroom they will all clean . tight machine ... most of the time lose all my money . lean my lesson will not want to even try again.thank you for your feedback regard the coffee shop service at the buffet our staff and more . we must apologize that your experience with us be unsatisfactory this be not in line with our usual high service standard . your comment have be forward to our food and beverage department . in the future we encourage you to bring this to our attention immediately so we can rectify the situation promptly . again thank you for your review and we look forward to your future stay .
book for a convention over a friday thru saturday recently it be prudent to reserve my stay on the premise although my customer loyalty card recommend the hotel across from the golf course . price be not as low as many reviewer state for this hotel two week prior the event but relatively expensive friday and saturday night stay almost double the workweek day rate and almost all hotel do this in las vegas some more than other . flight expensive from the east coast this year saturday return some 100 cheaper than fly back on sunday and the red eye flight leave close to the date changeover time.the next shock come find out about get there from and to mccarran intl . airport it s apprx . 17 mile in distance taxicab 60 ... 70 when arrive late night but what the hotel staff do not readily disclose ther s a low key bus westcliff express for two 2 dollar that take about 50 minute while still run along the highway and make its final scheduled stop less than a quarter mile 400 m from the hotel entrance other participant of the convention take out rental car the hotel shuttle price not know last leave hotel or airport by 6 p.m. so you re out of luck on eastbound red eye flight that s where the bus really pull its weight ... enormous lobby area greet you and hefty puff of cigarette smoke almost like good ole europe use to be ... . the area appear more cluttered efficiently equip with money machine than in some other hotel on and off the strip make it a challenge to find your orientation and the concierge area at first.ye the personnel really be friendlier here than in town instead of the allocate room on the third floor i request one on a higher level and be grant one with an outstanding view of the golf course and the mountain . clean room with separate sink area vs shower toilet area albeit fixture tell their heritage closer to the 80 than the 2000s . a flat screen tv not hd with a very limited program but a few music channel that be worth mention and i couldn t turn it off at the end of a two night stay not via remote or on the mainframe the biggest drawback be the enormous 4 ac motor below the size of b757 engine and their significant noise when at least two of the four fan be continuously run mind we have 107f 40c outside temp during the day ... too bad despite the weekend room rate surcharge wi fi be available only at another surcharge of 12 99 day and amazingly i manage without . no group discount consider the conference have be negotiated.a very opulent breakfast bar greet the all nighter not before 8 a.m. on weekend keep your gambling registration card handy as it will give you 2 meal discount but price be really reasonable for las vegas the quantity or the quality . likewise the prime rib dinner buffet good job guy please tip the friendly staff like easterner ... a solid good not quite very good and i decisively wish to criticize the very draughty excessively chill conference room on the second floor near the bingo hal with no possibility of adjust climate control clearly spell out that this hotel isn t latest generation any more.would i recommend it heat soak la driver may find their sanctuary here it s not close to the strip but if you don t need access to downtown daily and be a little more cost conscious this may just be your choice for a few day . good luck in win a jackpot
outstanding hotel . stay in a huge suite at a good price . hotel and room be very clean . room be quiet no noise from the hall or other room . excellent service valet bellman room service front desk . front desk have two cribs in our room before our arrival . at most hotel we have to call two or three time after arrival to get cribs deliver no matter how often we have request them ahead of time . only issue pool be not heat as much as need .
with the movie theater kids babysitter facility bowling alley swim pool casino etc this be a very nice place only 15 minute from the strip . kid friendly swimming pool which also have a pretty lively weeklly adult pool party be nice . large clean room accomodate 4 people easily . the st tropez buffet food be very good and moderately pricedwe would definitely stay there again . a large shopping mall and other store be less than 5 minute away . beatiful view of both the strip at night and the mountain from our room . we also look out over the pool area and a golf coursethe fitness center be just that . not a bike and treadmill like some place . they have treadmill elliptical trainer and bike as well as several weight machinesspa on site but i do not get to try it out unfortunatelygive it a try and i know you will not be disappoint
lot of activity under way to improve the hotel . they have some new eating place come in soon . the new game place sport bar have great food and drink . the bartender angela be friendly and helpful.room be spacious and quiet . bed be comfortable when you be finally ready to crash . my room be clean and no complaint about maid service i use the shuttle service to return to the airport and this be a nice saving over a cab or rental car.downside upside be that this be a long way from the strip . you can walk to a few place . a few gold course be next door with angel park and badland on either side . i would not want to stay here more than two night without a car to get out more.the player club have zero point gift except in small or medium size . how be that possible . f minus . many employee be friendly and helpful . room rate be very reasonable compare to the strip .
didn t do a review for our march april visit but our stay for july august be just as good and as always its like come home to family our maid ada be an absolute star and look after us to perfection all the girl in the coffee shop be great and even have our order prepare if they see us walk up for our morning coffee special mention for whitney who be good enough to take us shop one day suncoast you have lot of real star work here that make our trip great and even harder to leave on our long journey home see you all in march 2018 .
the suncoast hotel and casino have become our home away from home . we be treat like family on our return visit . it s nice to see familiar face the casino staff and restaurant staff . we especially enjoy the oyster bar restaurant . the hotel room be beautiful comfortable clean and roomy . the golf course and mountain view be beautiful while have breakfast . we always rent a car to visit some of our favorite place . enterprise rent a car be right up the road they pick you up at the hotel and drop you off when you be do with the car . the distance between the strip and downtown be really not a problem . the location and atmosphere be lay back away from the hustle and bustle of the strip and there be a cheesecake factory across the street where we always visit at least once while we be there . all in all if you visit las vegas to relax and do some casual gambling this be a gem of a place to stay . we would highly recommend the suncoast but rent a car if you want to check out the rest of the city ...... aloha
my wife and i recently move to vegas and come here fairly regularly . we recently visit salvatore s italian restaurant for our anniversary dinner . this place be right out of good fella great ambiance and old school vibe with great food . we ve never stay here but always enjoy gamble here and come for an occasional drink or to watch a movie at the theater .
we stay 4 night and for the price it meet far behine my expectation . every thing be there for you right in this hotel . i love this hotel and i will be book there again on my next trip to las vegas . they room be big and very clean . this hotel be great for a family trip so much to see and do .
stay here because room be block for a wedding . when we enter the casino be very smoky and hot . they definitely need to move the air around better . the restaurant offering be limit and some of them don t run well . the service in the restaurant be very slow . the room itself be spacious clean and well price . we have one day for a pool day the temperature be 94 degree . imagine our disappointment when we find the pool be shade by the building the entire day also the pool amenity be all close down . huge disappointment huge we would not have stay here if we would have know . i do have a wonderful massage and it be a great value . if you would like to have the massage of your life go see elvira she be awesome .
i recently stay at the suncoast for three night while work on a project in las vegas . the good point about this property be that it have plenty of parking due to the casino large room great view from the back of the building and good housekeeping service . the bed be fairly comfortable but firm but the pillow be very hard . walk into the property however be like a journey back in time . the decor be date brass fixture everywhere and the casino registration and dining area be like stand in a chimney . there be so many people smoke in the casino with so little ventilation that the smell permeate almost the entire property . after a few minute my eye be burn . fortunately the smell do not extend to the room but it do to the hallway . other negative aspect of the property be the very poor selection of tv channel and the poor set up for work in the room . there be wireless internet but there be no power outlet near the desk or bedside table . it be obvious that this property survive base on its clientele of older casino patron . i would stay away unless i have a specific reason to be in this area .
i love the small size overall . this be my third time here because i tag along while my husband be at a conference . the pool be perfect with full sun and cabanas . there be a wide choice of restaurant and all be well served . we see a movie while there and have a nice choice of current movie .
big room nice enough bed ... the bathroom amenity be a bit odd like they be the cheapest wholesale could buy . but this epitomize off strip casino world . nice enough staff . cheap price . clean.hello jpm3x we be pleased you enjoy the service from the staff the cleanliness of the property and that you receive a good value for the money you spend here . on your next visit please see a property leader to discuss how we can make your next visit a five star review .
today with the economy the way it be everyone be try to make a dollar . that be understandable . my stay at the suncoast lose its glitter when i be tell i have to pay for a boarding pass to be print . i could not believe that they do not include this courtesy for their guest . a daily charge of 5 be charge to my credit card . the explanation be that include all local call a safe in the room a small refrigerator and wi fi . as far as i be concern the refrigerator could be remove as a inclusion . i have a room that be extremely noisy and ask to be move . it take them hour to get this accomplished . i refuse to gamble there after be tell about the charge for the printing of the boarding pass . we have dinner at the red rock and i decide to try and see if they would print my pass for me . i didn t think they would do it but i be shocked . they never ask me for money or even if i be stay there at the hotel as a guest . i explain to the desk clerk what have happen and they couldn t believe it . i be tell they print lot of boarding pass for people as a courtesy not just guest of their hotel . this finish me with the suncoast . i will never dtay there again while in vegas . it s the principle of the thing that matter . they could have gain my respect and lot more business from my office . there be no reason for this to happen . it be not good pr at all . the red rock have all of my future business . no wonder the republicans didn t go to the suncoast . the red rock roll out the carpet and know how to treat people.thank you for your feedback and your comment . we do apologize your experience be unsatisfactory . i do want you to know we take all comment as an informational tool to help serve our customer in a more efficient way .
my wife and i live in vancouver bc canada . we regularly vacation in las vegas because of the climate . we discover the suncoast several year ago and stay there frequently . the casino offer ton of entertainment have bowl several movie theatre great restaurant and be surround by awesome golf course . the suncoast be locate in summerlin which be the best neighbourhood in las vegas . needless to say we love it . we will absolutely be back.thank you for visit us we look forward to you visit again .
truly a magnificent hotel . beautiful spacious room massive bathroom . not anywhere near the strip but if you be a hiker climber this a great location to access the red rock canyon spring mountain recreation area . would go back in a heartbeat . stay away from the tight slot though .
need a place in the summerlin area for a visit with relative . the room be clean and spacious we be also upgrade to a suite at the last minute . view of the strip or mountain or both if you get a suite . well locate for west vegas activity . good restaurant at the hotel and nearby . will definitely stay there again .
with several show go on everything near the strip that be reasonable be sell out.i stay at coast casino hotel most often when in vegas so decide to try the suncoast . yes it be a bit off the beat path but you re back in the action in 15 minute ... that say the room be big as be the bathroom the staff be super friendly and the restaurant be great ... if you like golf ... you re right next door to angel park golf club ... didn t have the time to try it out but the review be good .
i be sit in my room at the suncoast as i write this reveiw to you via high speed internet service provide by the hotel at a 9.99 fee . a bargin since i probably save 100 over the 24 hour period by use my computer instead of gamble trip advisor be my traveler bible . i be surprised at any negative comment about the suncoast but most be positve witch steer me to give it a try.we check in monday sept . 26 and will depart today sept . 28.since it be off season and during the week we may have not experience the heavey smoke bad service or disgrundle staff some have write about.the room be huge bathroom gigantic and the bed be heavenly . must be a coast hotel trait barbary coast have same bed we book through trip reservation pay 44 a night receive a coupon book upon arrival that have a free luch buffet and other offers.the buffet be wonderful.we have stay on the strip do all the fancy dancy hotel and want to try someplace the local recommend that have all the amenity we want for a decent price . we find it right here.this be video poker heaven we order the american casino guideoff the internet which be fill with valuable gambling information and 2 for one coupon for room and food and gamming . we use suncoast coupon and have a fabulous dinner buffet tue filet mingion prime rib seafood etc 2 for 1 save 15 . at the rampart nex door.we be go to use a coupon and stay at the las vegas club downtown on fremont street when we leave here . 49 for both night or 59 for newer tower rooms.another valuable sight be cheapo las vegas which will critic everything down to the buffet in vegas . along with trip advisor and american casino guide our trip be just cost us mostly gambling expense.we be look forward to try the other coast hotel because our experience so far have be positive.so to some it up if you want to get away from the strip want a great place to stay want to take in a movie 18 screen movie theater comfy bed decent price high speed internet perfect size workout room great air condition good food at great price and on and on this be the place for you hope you have as much fun as we have have
this hotel need a better ventilation system the whole place smell of smoke and fart . i find the casino to be very dreary and outdated . the room be very clean and we have a nice view . we have breakfast there and the smell of smoke permeate the restaurant so bad it be hard to eat . i wouldn t stay here again for sure .
have a comp night at the suncoast 2 queen sized bed room . room seem to be larger than most vegas hotel room . large bathroom clean quiet ... pool area seem a little small for the average vegas hotel but also offer a hot tub . casino a bit smoky perhaps ventilation system can be turn on higher .
i stay for three day and i quite enjoy it . it s quite a distance from the strip but the mellowness and the view from my room be worth it . although the decor in the room be a little outdated they be very clean and very spacious the one thing i like about the room be that it do not have the adjoining lock door to the next room so privacy be well in tact . the safe and fridge be also a plus . add to the spaciousness the bathroom be quite also large . i have two sink in one area and then the toilet and shower in a separate part of the bathroom separate by a door . i eat at the buffet for the three day i be there . the selection of food for breakfast lunch and dinner be the same each day but be worth the price especially if you sign up for the casino card . you can t beat eat at a buffet for 8 for breakfast and 11 for dinner . sorry i could not remember how much i pay exactly but know for sure that it be way cheaper to eat there than at one of the buffet at the strip . i d definately stay here again
something be seriously wrong with the hotel in this casino customer service in the casino be outstanding in the hotel not so much . leave our room at 8 a.m. to go to the grand canyon for the day . upon return at 9 p.m. that night find our hotel room door open with the lock hold the door open check the room and it appear everything be still intact . talk to the night supervisor at the front desk about it . she tell us there be nothing she could do about it and she would call security . security meet us at our room . talk to us check the room and they decide it be no big deal as nothing be miss so i guess they think it s ok for your room to be open when you be not there and for at least 8 hrs too . they treat us like we be scamme them or something . talk to casino night supervisor about it and finally get someone who actually care . but could give us no answer until she talk to the casino manager.casino manager finally call next day and say she would comp our room for one night . well to make this long story short night be not compe end up pay for our full 4 night i ask to talk to the casino manger again but be tell they would not be in until noon . i will never stay in this hotel again nor will i gamble here either . if you stay here lock all your valuable up in the safe . and be prepare for terrible customer service if anything do go wrong . casino manager do call back later in the day and do comp two night but i find the action of the front desk supervisor as well as the security people unacceptable also every one act like it be not a big deal . maybe they should have someone leave their front door open all day and see how they feel about that thank you for take the time to post your comment . we apologize for any inconvenience you experience during your stay . please be assure that find your room open be of great concern and we have advise all appropriate department of your specific situation . at no time do we think you be scamme or something of that nature . while we can understand your frustration please understand there be policy and procedure to be follow in a situation like this . we hope you enjoy the rest of your trip the grand canyon must have be amazing to see in person
i can t say enough about the suncoast my brother live in las vegas so as far as the strip we have be there do that . if you be a first time visitor then by all mean stay on the strip if you want that classic las vegas vibe . but if you frequent las vegas and would prefer a fabulous view of the mountain in red rock canyon no traffic and great value then consider a stay at the suncoast . we my husband myself and two child have stay there 4 time in the past few year and my parent stay there at least three time each year when they visit . you can t beat the low room rate and the room be huge and very nice . the hotel have a large casino friendly staff and a very nice selection of upscale restaurant midrange restaurant even a hot dog stand in the casino near the sportsbook . the pool and hot tub be very nice and never crowd . there be a movie theater and bowling alley . they also have a nightclub and on several occasion my folk have enjoy some great concert at a very low ticket price . they see the letterman and jay and the americans and rave about both shows.the only downside be the distance from the strip which be probably a 30 minute cab ride . but you be still close to shopping across the street at tivoli garden which also have some nice restaurant . if you want to explore red rock canyon do some hiking or horseback riding or play golf this would be a great place to stay . we have never have a bad time at suncoast .
the hotel be clean and we have at our request a quiet room room service be good . we don t gamble and really didn t care for be require to have to walk through the smoke fill casino or even just the casino to get to our room.it seem that your experience be not up to our high standard and i sincerely apologize for that we strive for five star experience with every guest every time . if you have feedback on how we can improve please reach out . otherwise we hope you will visit again to give us another chance to wow you
stay at the suncoast for a week in feb . 2003 . a big impressive building but understand that it be about a good 20 minute drive on expressway to get to the strip . you will be at the extreme northwest section of the las vegas area make it time consume to get to other part of the city but from what we see this be probably the nicest area in greater las vegas shopping golf course restaurant . good amenity at the suncoast the restaurant in the casino be all great and a good value . bowling center movie theatre nice pool spa area . our only reservation concern the standard room we have . the bed have unfitted sheet and mattress pad that just slide all over the mattress and bunch up . the first three night whoever make the bed leave the sheet a foot short at the bottom so that our foot be on the mattress pad . the carpeting look a bit trafficked . still our overall experience be good .
we spend several night at this hotel . we love the location about 8 mile away from the strip but easy drive . you do need a car if you stay at this property . it be far from most everything else . plenty of place to eat in the area . locate in a beautiful place near golf course . we have a nice view of the mountain and las vegas strip . we find it quiet at night even though we be there over a weekend and there be family with young child stay at the hotel . the hotel staff be very friendly and helpful . we find our room to be large and clean . bathroom be large and have double vanity . it be not the most fancy of room but it have everything we need . a fridge coffee maker flat screen tv . we eat at a couple of the restaurant in the hotel and they be good the buffet breakfast be very good variety for the money . we see a show at the showroom every seat be a good one . we use the pool which be very nice not the biggest one but nicely decorate and plenty of seat . overall very happy and would stay again .
i just get back from my 4 night stay here at the suncoast hotel . i have to say that room be spacious nice and very clean . valet staff be also nice and be understand when i forget a couple item and the gentleman who help us carry our bag be very kind and welcoming as well . on the other hand costumer service be very bad.front desk staff be horrible . at some point there be three family in line and all three of the front desk agent be look at their computer screen completely ignore that they have guest wait to check in and check out for about 5 minute didn t even look up once . one afternoon i try to order room service at around 2 40 and to my surprise the lady on the phone advise me that there wasn t anyone to take my order at the moment . so if i want to eat i have to go downstairs to the restaurant . at the restaurant the staff be welcome . they seat us quickly . but their attention to detail be miss . i have ask for a drink with ice and they would forget the ice . i order a plate a fruit which they completely forget and try to charge me for it . thankfully i remember and get the charge void . at the check out a lady with white hair help me and when i ask her for a bill she reply in a rude tone yeah that s what i m do . may not sound like a bad response but it s the way the person say it that have a bad effect . when i first arrive i immediately think this be a beautiful hotel . which it be but i do believe the staff need to have some costumer service orientation . or perhaps consider hire younger more friendly people . hello angy f thank you for your recent visit and for leave such thorough feedback at suncoast we view all criticism as constructive and rely on it to provide better service and entertainment for our guest . our team member strive to be friendly and personable during every interaction and be teach that service should always be prompt and accurate . it be disappointing to learn that we be unsuccessful in meet these high standard during your time with us and i be sorry that it cause you to have less than a five star visit . your comment will be forward to the appropriate management so that they can address and resolve the issue you have report . again i apologize that you be not able to enjoy the high quality service suncoast have become known for but urge you to visit in the future to experience the improvement cause by your comment .
we stay at this property at least once a year when we head to vegas to visit family . we like the location off the strip in more of the residential area . the room have recently be renovate with an update dcor . the room be very spacious and we have never have a problem with noise . the pool never seem crowded . the food be average . sunrise breakfast for 3.99 in the caf but you have to know about it as it be not on the menu . we be member of their bconnecte player program and do receive the occasional perk however be aware that anything you win ie . breakfast buffet have to be use the following day . other casino voucher be good for a longer period of time . year ago i use to win money or break even not so for the past few year . we have an issue with our bill at check out as we do every year . someone have visit a bar and charge it to our room . the front desk gal say she d look into it and within an hour be correct . my only negative comment be how unwilling they be to satisfy a customer issue . try to use buffet coupon one day after expiration . we be tell to go to the player club and see about get comp ... be tell no . we have a 15.00 food credit on the room which apparently be only good for that particular date we use it the day before and upon check out be charge to the room . i explain that we be not tell it could only be use for that particular date as our stay be for more that one day . no credit . very poor customer service consider the size of boyd property . pretty sure 15.00 isn t go to break them and i don t like feel cheat . this will definitely be a decide factor for our next trip . plenty of place to choose from when visit las vegas . suncoast isn t the only game in town
i hate it very disappointed . it be a dump i wouldn t suggest this place to my worst enemy
try to avoid unless you absolutely have to .
the room be decent as far as cleanliness however the room be very small with two bed and there be no closet or rack to hang up your clothing . it be ok since we be there to attend a concert and shop at outlet so the room serve the purpose . i must say the bathroom be in great shape there be no mold or mildew in the tub and it appear that the room and bathroom have a fresh coat of paint and the tub be new . it serve the purpose
this be worst hotel . te service no good . they need train customer service .
where to begin what a filthy rat trap hotel.literally.in my bathroom window there be edible rat poison in the open not to mention the 1 inch gap under the front door.upon arrival the parking lot look like a dump yard.toilet mattress tv s bottle condom wrapper be everywhere.the room smell terrible i ve see thicker paper towel the the rag in the bathroom.i be afraid to put my bag on the carpet . fortunately there be a table to leave my bag on . the clincher be on our way out to dinner a maroon cadilac pull up a 4 of the most disgusting prostitute get out ready to ply there trade.i stand there in amazement while the pimp tell them exactly what be expect of them that nigh . again please do not stay here
stay for one night on a business trip . it be worth 60 a night with tax on a friday very minimum small room . look renovate but the bathroom need a lot of work no wifi even though the front desk give me a password it don t even work the area be pretty sketchy not the best around summer be probably a little better . breakfast be just coffee and one muffin .... everything be small here i suggest to stay at a casino hotel next time .
for us it be a fabulous location get on rail to cubs game and shopping for what we want to do . it s be easily accessible for dining as well everyone in the hotel be very kind and be able to help with any question we have hello pam d we be glad our location make your visit to chicago ideal for your cub game our service level be something we pride ourselves on and glad it show during your trip . we hope to see you next time in town
the hotel be right across the river from the trump hotel . it s a 50 cab ride from the airport . watch a cub game while there . wrigley field wasn t too far away by taxi . plenty of shopping and dining in the area . there be a irish pub just around the corner from the hotel . across the street be a run walk path along the river . great for people watch . would stay here again .
i stay at the hotel three night . i be very disappointed by the level of noise at night . the door be extremly loud . i could not get to sleep my second night there because i hear door shut the entire night . i be on the 25th floor . in addition to the noise the hotel somehow lose my reservation in their system and i have to escalate the issue all the way up to management to get it resolve . it wasn t easy . i will never stay at a club quarter hotel again .
the place look promising from the approach its right on the river face the beautiful river north area . the building build way back when be charm from the outside . and the lobby while not grand be also appealing . once i get into my room though ho hum.it be not terrible but there just be not one thing about it that make it the least bit special . i have a small room which be fine but it be just very bland . the bed covering be one of those bad synthetic thing there be only two limp pillow on the bed stuff like that . there be not even an iron or board in the room . the place just feel very cheap and kind of sad . my rate be 200 which be less than other property the weekend i stay . but in retrospect i should have pay an extra 30 to stay at a place that feel more upbeat . my only plusse be its location the fact that i be able to check in early and free internet . those be not strong enough factor though next time i be in chicago ill stay somewhere else . c minus .
the hotel be one of the best hotel i have stay in . the location be great and you can easily walk to all the main attraction . it be right by the river which be a nice view . the room be really modern and clean . there be a coffee machine in the room and the hotel provide complementary fruit and soda and water . the staff be really friendly and helpful . i would defiantly go back there and highly recommend it.thank you alex f for choose the river hotel and for take the time to post a review . we be thrilled to know you enjoy the accommodation prime location and friendly staff . we sincerely appreciate your high recommendation and we look forward to see you on your next visit
perfect hotel for a single female traveller . the hotel be clean convenient and step away from major attraction . easy to access by public transportation . the room be smaller than average but not too small and the perfect size for a traveller who be not plan on spend much time in the hotel room anyway . computer with internet access a plus . friendly staff . the only gripe i have be the elevator ... there be only two of them so visitor can wait a while for them to arrive .
i ve stay in so many chicago hotel i lose count . this location be excellent . the front desk staff be very helpful and hip . room very modern large and include a fridge and pull out comfy chair . parking be only 36 per 24 hour here . recall that you be in a big city here and not some country estate would night noise from the loop be a surprise would a panhandler on the sidewalk be a shock of course not . if these thing be disturb to you don t stay here . if you crave peace and quiet four star ambiance and price you should go up to the peninsula . the italian restaurant in the building be very charming and do i mention the building be an architectural masterpiece by herbert hugh riddle 1928 its a gem .
as be a guest in chicago you can afford the luxury of spend a couple of hour on the architectural tour through downtown chicago . the first building they tell you about be the river hotel . situate opposite the trump tower you get a feeling of the grandeur of the 1920s when the hotel be build . it must have have the same strange feeling you now get from the trump tower . ugly grotesque aim at the very rich and symbolize something which do not exist and prove to be a dream . while we now call the building historical nostalgia with its weird toptower as of floor 24 the hotel offer a mixture of the old and the new . the old be the building shape and elevator the various sign and sometimes not well maintain emergency staircase . the new offering a business floor the tiny modernized reception room the good quality wi fi and free water they serve . and it be this indecisiveness which make or break this hotel . either do the modern streak or go completely back into the history of 1920 s. we be stay on a high floor and really get in the top of the building you be offer small floor with smaller room . due to the height room tend to be windy even with close window . the room be ok but why this old fashioned ugly bathroom why do they forget a bedside table and when ask for and promise the thing it never show up why have a decent desk but not enough electricity point to be fair the price be reasonable for downtown chicago but the hotel just miss the finesse to make it to a four star . the view from the window be amazing but the cold wind chill up the room sometimes to an uncomfortable temperature . my advice would be stay low.hello lowiesantiagochile thank you for provide us with feedback on your stay . we be continually work to enhance the guest experience and will use your comment to do so . we hope to see you back next time you come to town .
the room be nice although a little bit small . the employee be very nice . it be really nice to have snack soda coffee and water at all time . the price be really good realeate to the service . i definitely recommend it.thank you for choose the river hotel and for your recommendation . i be happy to know you enjoy the complimentary amenity as well as the staff service . please come see us again
i can t say enough good thing about this hotel . this be our second trip to chicago but our first at the river hotel . the room be small but the dcor and the view make up for it . the staff be very friendly not a single person pass us without say hello and ask us how we be . the concierge desk be fantastic tim be amazing his recommendation be spot on he help us with direction whether it be take the train a bus or walking . it be refreshing to have the help when you be travel . roman be also very helpful . we will definitely be stay here again .
we stay the weekend at the river hotel and could not have be happier . the staff at the front desk be amazing . they provide us with coupon for a free appetizer or dessert at lou malnatis . they also provide some great recommendation for breakfast . the room be great . it be a little small but all chicago room be small . it be clean and have a great view of the river and the trump building across the river . the bed be comfortable . the location be close to all the downtown attraction with a big bus double decker bu stop right across the street .
i have visit chicago often in the past and always have book a different hotel.i be glad i change this time and book the river hotel in chicago.i be pleasantly greet by a clean crisp modern room that offer plenty of space . i must also add that this be a green hotel with lot of green feature build in.some of the detail of our stay include security system that only allow guest of that floor to enter that floor.purifie water provide at each floor.a coffee pot in the main room .... not in the bathroom.a refrigerator and microwave.luxury comforter.comfortable chair that fold out into single bed.a greeting welcome us on the voice mail system . a greeting give us detail about sunday and late checkout.available ipad for guest use.the toiletry shampoo lotion be high quality.the staff be friendly on checkout and there be no extra charges.this hotel provide a great room at a good price.give this hotel a try
we choose this hotel base on location and cost . traditionally we prefer hotel that have more comfort and amenity . the pro location be really excellent quietfriendly stafftasty restaurant downstairsthe con the bed bed not horrible but i just couldn t get a good night s sleepour room smell faintly of smokethe elevator take foreverit be all really just good enough . it be the location that matter most in the end . it be very easy to walk to almost all of our sight seeing destination .
so this hotel be pretty nice to look at and the staff be very friendly however we enter the room very small and continue to look at the room . we lift up the sheet and it be clean and mattress be clean however in the box spring of the bed there be a swarm of bed bug that once we flash the light on them they all dove into the box spring . we continue and the front desk and they upgrade our room however due to our disgust we arrange a booking at the hyatt regency down the road which be beyond clean . thank you front desk for your effort to accommodate but we could not deal with the bed bug in your hotel.guest feedback be important to us and we take any comment regard bedbug seriously . we have a proactive pest elimination policy that include regularly schedule inspection by a professional pest control company . additionally we have thoroughly train all of our housekeeping associate to inspect our guest room for any sign of pest activity . if necessary our pest control company conduct bed bug elimination procedure use the latest in pesticide technology.i encourage anyone with question or comment regard our pest control policy to contact me directly at 312.777.0805 . respectfullyanna hampsonhotel manager river hotel
i recently stay at the club quarter while in chicago for a family gathering . this hotel be a major disappointment for several reason 1 they don t honor their commitment . i have reserve a room with a queen size bed through expedia but be give a room with two twin bed instead . the excuse they run out of bedspread for queen size bed how lame be that . 2 the elevator be unreliable . after check in myself and another guest be stick on the first floor because of a malfunctioning card reader in the elevator . the front desk staffperson fortunately be able to jiggle her card in a way that prompt the elevator to start move . not a good sign.3 the room remind me of a depressing college dorm room . 4 the staff have no concept of customer service . on a prior visit the staff be not willing to make any accomodation for a late checkout even 15 minute after the official checkout time truly kafkaesque . at checkout no one have ever ask me whether i enjoy my stay . overall the location be great the room be clean and quiet and all of the appliance work . but expect to be treat like a third class citizen if you stay here .
this hotel be locate across the river from the trump hotel which make it walkable to michigan ave millenium park and possibly even navy pier . room be nice sleek and clean but small . how often have you stay at a hotel and ask for a late checkout have any hotel want to charge you for it well this hotel charge 35 for late checkout we have a situation where my mom a senior be travel with me and be injure the nite of our stay at an outing . we end up have to go the hospital emergency room and didn t return to our room until 3 00 be . when we wake at 11 00 be we be hope they d allow us a late check out so we d have time to get some food especially since she be diabetic . the hotel would make no exception or allowance . we have to hurry and pack . we d prefer to have eat and then pack up . because of this insensitivity i ve have to lower the rating of the hotel .
best price hotel in the city great location walk distance to everything staff be professional and friendly . if you need something they be on it our room be very modern clean and bed be comfortable . very quiet for when you be ready to rest classy place .
fantastic location but for 200 night i would have expect a larger room . my room be smaller than any hotel i ve stay at in ny london or hong kong where room be notoriously small . there be many many better option near the mag mile and in river north so look elsewhere .
the staff room experience in chicago for be the first time be great . i would do this again in a heart beat with my family or friend . research your plan before anything you do . thank for the help trip advisor also other website .
comfortable and clean room with a friendly staff . the hotel be very quiet i hear very little noise from other guest . the amenity include complimentary bottled water near the elevator and snack in the 2nd floor business center . the hotel s location be excellent and right on the river . i would stay there again without hesitation.hello nchat1 thank you for the kind word regard your experience . we work hard to ensure our guest be happy and it clearly pay off we look forward to have you back with us next time you come to chicago
we bring our 6 year old granddaughter to chicago with us . we have stay at this hotel at least 6 time and have never be disappoint . the location be perfect for walk to many touristy spot . we even walk to and from union station . thank you for stay with us recently and for your kind recommendation both be greatly appreciate we be pleased to hear that you be a great fan of the river hotel and delight that your granddaughter have a wonderful stay . we agree our prime location in the heart of the city be perfect for experience all that chicago have to offer.we look forward to welcome you back to the river hotel very soon
we have a couple of day to spend in chicago and want a hotel close to our car rental and to a train station this place fit the bill . it s right in the middle of downtown chicago and within walk distance to pretty much everything . it wasn t too cheap compare to normal hotel but all the other hotel close by be a lot more expensive so it feel like a good deal.it s a very simple lobby with just a couple of people in the reception and you could check in via a touch screen . there be a restaurant right next by but we didn t try it . there s plenty of restaurant and shop everywhere close by anyway.we order a room with two bed because of our kid and be expect two bed close together but we get a huge room which be pretty much two room in one with a hallway in between . it have two tv and two bathroom . i don t know if we just get lucky and get the biggest room they have for that price or if they re all like that . it be a great surprise for us and our kid could even play hide and seek with us
upon arrive to our hotel we be greet warmly by a friendly door man then proceed to check in where a friendly and helpful gentleman name tim take care of us at the desk and set us up with a spacious room with a spectacular view . the stay here really help make our trip to chicago amazing and very enjoyable . tim and devon be more than willing to help us with any question we have about get around the city which be a very nice gesture you don t see often . thank you to the staff we will definetly return to see them again the next time we be in town .
the building look beautiful the lobby too . they upgrade me to a room with 2 bedroom 3 tv and 2 bath i be ecstatic at first . but more thing wrong than i ve ever encounter in 1 hotel room 1 . the a c even when set to 65 be warmish and only blow in the entryway not in the bed area.2 . the light next to the bed be link to the entry light if you want the bed light to work you have to have that hall light on . if you turn that off the bed light go off too.3 . no iron board 4 . nothing to put the soap on just the bathroom counter . that s icky.5 . the bedspread be cool look but not something i d like to sit on or sleep under . but if i peel that away there be just the sheet . 6 . that entryway be dark even with its one light turn on.7 . the counter with the coffee machine be dark too even with the light turn on.8 . get rid of coffee dispense in those plastic cup thingie so bad for the environment i lose count after that but you get the idea . all these thing could be tweak and it would be a good place .
we be give room at this hotel on hotwire . the location be great and the staff be very helpful and friendly but our room and bathroom shower be very small and the bed be hard as a rock . it seem standard these day that 1 bed room will be outfit with a king bed and 2 bed room with 2 queen or at least double . our room have a queen bed which take up most of the room and my mom and brother s room have 2 twin the tv be extremely tiny compare to any other hotel i ve stay at and my 6 2 husband have a hard time take in shower in the tiny space . wouldn t stay here again due to the uncomfortable room .
stay at club quarter downtown in april . i be initially disappointed with the size layout of my room so go right back to the front desk to complain room be small but clean and staff be helpful . virginia the gal at the desk apologize and instantly move me to a room with a view of chicago river . since it be my first visit to chicago i ask virginia about thing to do in the area . she inquire about my interest and 10 minute later i have ticket for wicked one of the hottest show in town dinner reservation at vivo trendy italian restaurant in the theater district . next day virginia suggest a trip to the art institute only a 10 minute walk from the hotel walk in lincoln park and a very pleasant restaurant for dinner with live jazz . what a great city i enjoy my stay tremendously . will be back thank again virginia
love this hotel for its service amenity location walk distance to everything free wine hour laundry room the room be very clean perfect size comfortable bed . i would definitely stay here on my next visit .
the room be small but well think out . they be very cosy and comfortable . it be across from the trump tower and the river where you can get on a boat and go for a little cruise the big bus company stop directly across the street from the hotel
the room be small quite clean the staff very helpful . i would stay here again as the location be wonderful the price be reasonable and room adequate . i don t spend much time in a hotel room so the lack of space be not a problem .
i be attend a conference at the river hotel january 30 31 2016 . this be purely business so i want to minimize my stress by stay at or near the conference location by be able to fly in then shuttle to from o hare airport and yet have plenty of dining option within walk distance of the hotel . the river hotel find me a small room for a very reasonable unbelievable rate . yes i have read the review about the small room . this one be small . there be one queen size bed a desk a pull out work station and a full shower bath . period . no extra . yet it meet my need list above and my usual criterion of clean comfortable and safe . the staff be excellent . i receive friendly efficient 5 star service for a 3 star price from every single employee shift both day night . i receive free bottled water from a water station in the hallway . the vend machine be reasonable . my 17th floor small room overlook the river the trump tower the river walk and the city light and sound only add to the ambiance . i take the elevator down cross the lobby take another elevator up to the conference the two elevator activate only by your room key card ensure that the guest room be secure from be access by non guest . even the conference be well preppe and attend by the hotel staff with fresh coffee tea and complimentary soda that be refresh at every break . i could continue ... but suffice it to say that i be impressed . yes . my room be small . however the break in price be compensation for this and since i be only need work space sleep i do not need more . that say if i be ever in chicago again for work or vacation i will be back . note the hotel have an on site italian restaurant call bella bacinos . i will review it separately . for now suffice it to say the food be delicious the service be also 5 star and the price while not as inexpensive as i be accustomed to be as affordable more so than comparable place nearby . just be aware that a small be a medium ... a medium be a large ... etc . yum dear john s thank you for choose the river hotel and for your detailed review of your experience.we be so proud of our staff service as well as our prime location and be delighted you be pleased as well . there be nothing i like more than share great comment with the team and i will certainly pass along your kind words.we be beyond thrilled to know we be your hotel of choice when visit chicago . we will look forward to welcome you back soon
the best thing about the river hotel be the staff they make you feel extremely welcome and that they can not do enough to accommodate you . i be particularly impress with pedro on the front desk who be cheerful and obliging and a great ambassador for the hotel . the location be perfect and the room both comfortable and private . great value for money . i thoroughly recommend the hotel to anyone visit chicago.dear azelinaf2017 thank you for give us a perfect rating and for recommend our hotel to other traveler . i m sure our entire hotel staff enjoy catering to your need as much as you enjoy your stay . pedro be great and a big part of our team and i will be sure he see your kind word . thank you for take the time to recognize him as you have.please come see us again
contemporary room in a great old building . friendly staff wonderful italian restaurant right next door . within short walking distance to so many great chicago attraction . my new favorite hotel in chicago
we stay at club quarter in december.we be in town for the weekend to see wicked.its a very nice hotel in a great location . we be one block off of michigan ave and about 5 block from the theater district.if you re look for a high end hotel this be not the hotel for you yes the room be small but how long be you really in your roomthe room be clean and that s really most important.when we arrive at 1230pm we be able to check in.we be tell we could valet park for 36.00 or for 20.00 we could park for a 24 hour time limit in a parking garage right down the street.we opt for the 20.00 option . make sure you get a ticket my husband do not get a ticket at the parking garage and when he inquire about it at the office in the parking garage the girl tell him not to worry about it.well on sunday morning when he try to get our car back it be an issue . you have to have a ticket to be able to get your car back . after about 15 minute the issue be resolve and we get our car back.the entire staff be very helpful include the doorman . he be very helpful in get us a cab . he run down at least a block and flag down a cab he get in the cab with the driver and come back to the hotel so we could get our cab . it be a very nice thing to do consider the day we be there it be sleet and rain and everyone in chicago be try to get a cab at the same time.after read all the bad report on his hotel we be debate on switch to a different hotel.we never wait for an elevator the room be clean the location be great.im glad we stay here . i would recommend it to anyone look for a resonable price hotel near michigan ave .
my experience in this hotel be perfect room be clean well appoint not so big but privided of all comfort tv coffee machine bathroom and free wifi . in each floor near the lift you can find a free water dispenser with new bottle and also some chocolate and candys . every day at 5.00pm in the lobby be arrange a complementary wine free for the hotel host . the hotel be very well mainteine and clean but the strenght point be the position in the city . it be locate in the loop the city center on the river in front of the trump tower . it be really close to millenium park and magnificent mile two of the most touristic place in the city . moreover the hotel be close 5 7minutes by walk to the underground line for the o hare airport . the staff of the hotel be extremly avaible and ready to meet all you need . i be in chicago for a business travel so i can t give you information about cost because i didn t manage the booking of the hotel . anyway after my experience absolutly i would suggest this hotel for a pleasant and comfortable stay in chicago.dear concetta d thank you for choose the river hotel and for take the time to provide a detailed review of your experience . we be thrilled to know you find everything to your liking . we really enjoy pass on comment such as yours to our colleague and thank them for their great guest service.we sincerely appreciate your recommendation
stay here for one night pass through . we love it . room be nice and comfy great river view . just ask for it . it s locate in the heart of downtown so traffic be chaotic . busy town . parking be expensive . self park be 24 in the public parking w validation around the corner from the hotel . valid parking be 43 . everything be in walk distance so park the car and just walk . no point in driving . ever be to paris kind of like that .
the room be smallish but up to date . very clean and sleek two of us do not feel cramp . the hotel provide unlimited cold filter water and bottle for you to put the water in . they also have coffee coffee maker microwave and refrigerator . the view from the river view room be spectacular we be on the 7th floor . location be central . the staff be friendly and accomodating . the restaurant have a great mushroom with mozarella de bufalo and risotto appetizer . you really can not ask for a better hotel
i be 71 have be travel around the world all my life and your hotel be the worst experience ever.my room have be book through booking.com for one month.i arrive friday sep 9th at 2.45 pm . i know that the check in time be 3 p.m. but no room be available and i have to wait till 3.15 no luggage rack in this tiny room and i have to call three time before i get one check the record of the housekeeper phone when i come back at 6 pm after have walk in the city i want to take a shower . the water be cold around 30 degree celsius . the housekeeper send someone who be unable to fix that . so i go to the reception desk who give me another room .the first room be on the 28th floor the 2nd on the 4th so i have to repack and go from one room to the other 3 time thru the lobby because the elevator be not the same . no one would ever propose to give me a hand i give two trouser to be wash and iron . that be do at 8.30 and i be suppose to have them back by 6 that evening . nothing . i have to claim them the follow morning . that do not fit with what be write on the laundry service paper.this morning i order black tea with milk in the coffee shop downstairs . the waitress bring me tea with bergamote which be not a tea in which you can put milk . she have to go elsewhere to find the suitable breakfast tea and i have to claim for sugar which be not on the table .
1 . i do not like the experience of deal with the expedia person who assist with the reservation . 2 . it be annoying to learn only while check out that this be a time share hotel . no one tell me . 3 . the wifi be slow and unreliable cutting out from time to time . also when it try to upgrade to the offer higher speed wifi it be quite an ordeal that take about 90 minute and a call to the help line at your wifi vendor . btw you may try the user interface for that sign up it exasperatingly erase all one s datum entry if a single one of them be incorrect eg if you generate an unacceptable password 4 . the business center have two pc that be excruciatingly slow and a printer as well that lumber along . old slow out of date . 5 . the single bright light in this business experience be that the staff be unfailingly polite and do their best to help . i give them credit for try and for be nice to me .
we like to have more than just a bedroom . this be a nice timeshare apartment . near union square and nob hill .
such a pleasant play to stay and enjoy sf
excellent location and very comfortable accommodation . trader joes be only a couple of block away so it be easy to pick up a few staple for breakfast . this unit have a very efficient use of space for a family of four two young adult . plenty of good restaurant within walk distance . definitely recommend this place but we never answer the phone because we read the warning about time share pestering .
i will never stay here again and its a shame because the facility and location be very nice . i book and pay in full via hotels.com . when i arrive and check in their system mess something up and have a miss day in the middle of our 4 night stay . after wait at the counter for over 20 minute while the attendant the manager finally come over and give us key and assure it be fine the rate be the same and enjoy the stay . on the way to the room we be greet by a lady attempt to sell the time share . the lady be extremely rude when we decline the information she make snippy comment like well don t you want to finish check in . that be her sale tactic but stand there with room key in my hand and not be bear yesterday it be apparent she have nothing to do with us check in . she also try to bribe us with chocolate which be very juvenile . during check out and they tell me i have a balance . i have to show them the pay in full email and remind them of what i be tell when check in . after go back and forth with the manager she be now go to call hotels.com to resolve which she should have do in the beginning . the room be nice and location be fantastic but its a shame the desk staff doesn t have a clue i will not be return to this chain and also will push my friend and family to avoid it as well .
we love our room at wyndham canterbury it include a small kitchenette with a dining table a sit area and a separate bedroom . while there be only two of us we certainly enjoy the extra space . this would be a great place for a small family and it s only a couple block to union square.good morning judyz24 we appreciate the time to comment on your stay with us . i be happy to read that you enjoy your room and the amenity that we provide during your stay . we hope that you will come back to stay with us again soon.regards matthew jonesgeneral managerwyndham canterbury at san francisco
my complaint be that after you check in they take you over to their concierge desk and proceed to try and sell you on a time share meeting . and hey if you want to pay for a room and then spend two hour of your time at a time share meet more power to you . i don t. and i try to be polite about it because i believe in treat people in the service industry as you want to be treat . i understand it be part of her job and politely tell her that i wasn t interested . and the first lady seem cool about it . then what seem to be her supervisor come over and offer me free stuff to go to the meeting . i still say no . she proceed to get really patronizing . by the fifth time i m say no i start to not feel so polite . and when the same woman call me up the next night in my room to try and pressure me again into go to this meeting i just have no patience for it . i love the room . i love the size and the cleanliness . i hate that they repeatedly badger me about a stupid time share meeting . i didn t pay for a hotel room to be pressure to buy a time share . if it hadn t be for that i d have have no problem be a repeat customer . i don t like be pressure into something i say no to . and now a month later i just get a call from the hotel group again try to get me to go to a time share meeting . luckily the guy be way more understanding and only make me say no once .
this hotel or what they call themselves motel pose an excellent location in the downtown with fair value you will not find competitive hotel have the same or near value free parking be a big bonus staff be very polite and treat you as family member
i stay at this motel 6 311 courtland st ne atlanta ga in august last year for a conference my job would not fund . i be totally on my own dime and so need to economize . what a great deal this place be the conference hotel be the hilton literally next door and those poor schmuck over there be pay over three time what i pay for the same location my room at the motel 6 be clean the bed be comfortable the parking be free and i have a small balcony off my room on the 2nd floor the staff be nice what i see of them . grant the staff at motel 6 be small there be no room service no restaurant and no bar at motel 6 . but they have all that at the hilton next door and all over downtown atlanta so motel 6 doesn t need it i will stay at this motel 6 every time i have to go to atlanta from now on . the location be perfect . i feel as safe as anywhere else i have stay in atlanta . what a sweet deal
this place be as basic an accommodation as you can get in downtown atlanta while still be suitable . yes there be free parking but this place be so cheap that they don t even give you free shampoo in the bathroom just two little bar of facial soap . place isn t in the greatest area downtown atlanta be kind of sketchy at night but be centrally locate . for a healthy restaurant nearby i recommend metrofresh it s less than a ten minute drive and totally worth it basic cheap motel quality bed old tv frustrating elevator that take forever to close and absolutely no frill . get it for 53 night use a coupon code on the motel6 website .
i book my reservation on motel 6 s website . upon arrive i request to see my room before check in . the hotel clerk refuse my request and state that it be the companys policy not to allow a person to see a room until after check in first . this should have be my first clue to leave . the hotel clerk state that after i have check in that i could inspect the room . furthermore the hotel clerk state that if the room be not satisfactory that i could leave without be charge . both the room and the building be not satisfactory . it be 90 degree in atlanta on my visit and my room as well as the hallway in the building be hot and be not as comfortable as it should have be . the ice machine in the building hallway be in desperate need of repair because it be make an extremely loud humming sound that could be hear all the way down the corridor . the sheet on the bed need to be change . the hotel clerk refuse to change the sheet and state that if i want them change that i have to remove the sheet myself . i have never hear of such nonsense . lastly the amount of money that the hotel want to charge me be 18.00 higher than the amount i be quote when i make my reservation . thus with the bad condition as well as the bad attitude of the staff i leave motel 6 the same day and check into the marriott for just 7.00 more than what motel 6 be charge per night . however the marriott give me a free breakfast each morning compare to motel 6 only serve coffee.the motel 6 hotel clerk do not refund me the full amount of the charge to my credit card account . my credit card be charge for one night s stay . i want to get out of there so badly that i do not argue with the hotel clerk . i just dispute the charge with my credit card company and receive an instant refund . so for the reason cite above be why i would not recommend this hotel .
adrianna be ghetto . jay be try to be professional in his t shirt and jean even try to correct my english . i ve stay at this property several time and be pleasantly satisfied . i simply need a place to sleep wash and change for conference that keep me out of the room more than in . unfortunately this session be horrible . i m currently on the line with customer service seek resolution . again before this stay i ve never have these concern . side note the rate be higher than i ve ever pay this time . i would think they customer service would match . jay tell a lie to the customer service agent and say he give me time to make arrangement . he say he could lie because i lie on his front desk agent i simply share how she acted.mu thank you for share your concern . please know the service issue you describe be an exception to our guest commitment and as such we apologize . our staff aim to provide the highest level of hospitality to our guest through our customer service but with your experience we have fall short and would like to apologize for the service issue you describe . we invite you to contact our guest relation at 1 855 787 9864 to record the detail of your visit to help us provide a better guest experience in the future .
spend the night here with spouse . check in be friendly and fast . free parking if you have a car and free airport shuttle if you fly . room be spacious and nicely decorate . very comfortable bed with nice linen . bath amenity in shower be in dispenser . soap bar at sink . great shower head single serve coffee maker hair dryer free long distance call ... more
i can not recall the last time i have an issue at a drury inn . well we do not have one at this location . the room be comfortable the staff be attentive and helpful and it be nicely price more importantly we get the last available room for the evening . next their complimentary breakfast be good as well as their late afternoon meal from 5 pm 7 pm . also you have to have a key card to access their customer parking area . it be a nice feature which prevent people with ill intention from drive around scope out the scene .
get a king room for special rate . have late flight in so unable to comment on evening snack and drink . breakfast be good . room be nice and clean however would not stay here if not for the special rate receive .
great hotel and ground and easy drive from the airport . one of the nicest hotel chain i have stay in for this price range .
its an older hotel and the room be darker and smaller than expect . the breakfast provide be very nice and they make upgrade to the bathroom . overall basic and okay place to stay just no visual thrill or excitement . locate directly across from the airport so it be super convenient for air travel .
stay at this hotel with their package deal of rent a room and leave your car in the parking lot for a price of 159.99 while you fly away . car be break into and they refuse to pay for the damage . no responsibility . do not stay here do not trust them.thank you for your response . unfortunately the airport market have have a recent wave of car vandalism . with the help of police and third party security monitor our parking lot we fortunately have be able to stop these car break in . we understand how frustrating this situation be and again would like to extend our apology . we want you to know that we will continue to work with local police to ensure our hotel parking lot and city be safe .
we stay for one night while pass through on the way to florida . what a great experience the staff be so friendly and welcome the room be comfortable beautiful and clean . my daughter love the pool and it be keep up nicely . not have to leave for dinner or breakfast be a huge plus . all the guest we meet while there have smile on their face i m sure it be because of the great atmosphere drury staff create .
i be not sure if ill be other reviewer be use to sleep in tent because i do not understand why it would be so great about this place . it have a feeling of age about it like it be build 30 year ago and try to look modern but failing.while i have stay in the worse hotel room there s certainly nothing distinctive for attractive about this place . frankly my wife and i be think that we would have be better off just try to sleep at the airport terminal then spend the night here.thank you for take the time to provide us feedback about your stay i be sorry that you be not impressed with our facility . we just have our exterior renovate in april 2018 and we look forward to get an interior refresh soon . we like to think that so many of our guest give us great review because of our exemplary service . if your travel ever bring you to atlanta again we would love to have you back as our guest.warm regard justina h.general manager
as say in the title i don t have a single negative thing to say about this hotel . every member of the staff be as nice as can possibly be room be nice housekeeping do a great job and the complimentary breakfast and dinner be delicious . not to mention the complimentary dinner include 3 drink . great location right by the airport easy in easy out and there be some great restaurant within walk distance .
we have stay at the drury near the atlanta airport for the last 3 year . great accomodation friendly staff affordable clean ample parking etc . very family friendly . will continue to stay here when i have to go to atlanta
the hotel be not bad . staff be friendly . we have stay at several time . this year we purchase park and fly package and leave our car there while away on vacation . we return to the hotel to find the vehicle have be break into . the driver s side window have be shatter and someone try to rip the door handle off . the hotel do cover the hole . we have to find a vacumn and vacumn the vehicle . hotel do not offer . have to drive 5 hour home without window through cold temperature and some rain . they do call the police department . they come out take picture etc . hotel apologize and refund our room for the one night park and fly . needless to say we will not be stay here again . we appreciate hear from our guest and thank you for your feedback . we be very disappointed to hear your car be break into while in our gate parking lot and understand how frustrating this be . unfortunately there have be a recent wave of car break in around the airport affect a number of hotel in the area . in the case of a car break in we contact and hand over to the local police department for further investigation . fortunately with the help of local police and third party security monitor our parking lot we have be able to stop the vandalism . we work diligently to create a safe environment for our guest and will continue to work with local police to ensure our hotel parking lot and city be safe . we offer our sincerest apology and be glad we have a chance to discuss the situation with you directly . if you have any further question or concern please let us know and we be happy to be of assistance .
the staff be not only well train they be well hire . in other word the people the employee be a match for the drury brand as their personality be what i want to see in a hotel . they be friendly but not cold and all business . these folk have a big job as for many they offer the first impression ... more
first i want to say we have amazing customer service they let us check in our bag early the maid service be great we tip them you should too the shuttle be on time to the airport and the driver help us with our bag tip him too however the heated indoor pool be not on . this be my main reason for choose drury since i have child who love to swim . we be disappoint . the food another reason we choose drury be not edible . there be popcorn make once a day around 10 be and there it sit all day . i will stay at drury again but not this one
stay in this hotel last week . the manager and staff be very nice and friendly . the room be clean even behind stuff the bed be comfortable and it be quiet . the hotel offer lot of extra for free such as free hot breakfast drink in the evening hot dinner and long distance call . while the food be bland and tastelss it be there for anyone that do not want to go out for decent taste food . the bartender pour good drink and it be a good opportunity to meet some of the other hotel guest and the hotel staff . the manager make it a point to stop at table and talk to guest and get to know them . all in all it be an excellent stay and very good value the only item that could be consider a complaint be that even with the heat off my room be hot . i have to turn the ac on to get a comfortable temp .
i don t understand how this hotel be get such good reviews.let me just say we couldn t wait to get out of here and prefer to wait hour in the airport to stay in the hotel.i do feel sorry for the check in girl . she be alone and it be very busy but she be very polite and nice .
we love drury inn and be pleased with our stay in atlanta . the staff be friendly and the room be clean and spacious . breakfast though crowd this day be good and well stock . one employee be even help people make waffle . we be also pleased that we could park for up to 7 day for free subject to available space . we only have to fill out a form which do clearly state that the hotel be not liable for any damage . that seem fair enough and we have no problem with our car while it be park at the hotel for 3 night . the location be very convenient to the airport right off i 85 and the free shuttle service bring us right back to the hotel in minute .
we stay july 11 2005 . room 627 . room be in terrible shape cigarette burn in the carpet upholster chair look so worn it be dirty . we shut the window curtain only to be face with a large cockroach . sixth floor no less . call front desk we re completely book tonight or i would move you to another room . maintenance be go for the day so i will try to get up in 10 minute . 45 minute later i go downstairs . two people be at the desk check in another party . i voice my complaint and be tell they be busy with a customer . i reply that i think i be a customer too only to be tell have a nice night . last time for us at a drury .
my family and i decide to stay overnight before our departure to jamaica . we live about 50 mile from the airport so we could have drive to the airport . we decide to take off the stress of get our teen up early and rush through morning traffic . the room be clean and spacious and cocktail hour be enjoyable . the morning of our departure we have a quick breakfast in the lobby and a shuttle service be arrange to take us to the airport . we make the right decision to stay at the drury inn .
i stay at this hotel in september 2012 for five night at the end of my six week honeymoon in north and south america . i know you get what you pay for however this hotel be a complete dissapointment and a sour end to an amazing holiday . it s on the border of the tenderloin district which be know as the ... more
the hotel be close to my family who we be visit . the staff be outstanding .
good price for location a midway airport hotel . at about 3 mile distant it s about 1 mile farther out than the main hotel row but still close to all the amenity restauarant grocery store etc.the hotel be show its age a little but be comfortable quiet and adequate . no complaint . nothng to write home about either .
front desk be not helpful . never tell me breakfast be free in resturant . i find this out the second night i be there when a different person be at the desk . dead bolt do not work but someone do fix it .
since i be meet a friend come in at midway and be able to shop at the mall right next door and eat at an ihop also right next door in that mall ... everything to make that weekend easy and fun be close at hand.plus i have to remind myself where i be when i wake up each morning because the bed be firm like my own bed at home so i be very comfortable .
the staff be very professional and helpful i love the restaurant .... and the free shuttle service .... and we do tip the driver ........ a wonderful place to stay for early morning flight out of midway .
love the stay .. get off to a rocky start . .doe renovation on 2nd floor . major problem ... but tell staff and the accommodation be fantastic ... 5th floor suite stay from there ... i also stay an extra 2 day just bc of the staff ... would recommend this suite to anyone
very nice
i book a non smoking and at check in we be tell that if there be any smoking in the room it be a 200 charge . as soon as we walk into the room you could smell the smoke from someone prior . i alert the front desk and be offer to have someone spray the room . what good do that do .
meet our expectation .
it be a short trip but make very comfortable by the clean room free breakfast large breakfast room and the free shuttle to midway airport .
clean room . housekeeping start clean at 6 00 am .
although the hotel be close to mdw the hotel be pretty old . the carpet in our room be pretty bad it be sticky and need immediate replacement . the furniture have see better day . i didn t think it be worth the money we pay . the hotel certainly need tlc in many area to keep it competitive . they be charge 8.50 for breakfast . they could have include that in the price we pay for the room . that be not a big deal but the carpet be . the noise level be also high as it be right next to the main thoroughfare .
not a 3 star more like 2 star . small room no fridge or micro . old style room .
check in be a breeze room be great and we love the pillow . close to the aiport and a good rate per night .
wifi be not any good . everything else be enough for the price .
this be a basic hotel near the airport . it be not fancy but be not dirty or run down .
it be very easy to reach the airport with free transportation and a on site restaurant to get a quick meal early in the am.i
bad i didn t like the fact that we only stay for one night . good fabulous boutique hotel . great location . lovely complimentary breakfast . will return .
good james an mike be great ..... they give me everything i need an make me feel very comfortable . the lady that serve breakfast be very nice also .very clean .... i will stay there again ...... 5 min . walk to the beach w a beautiful park on the way .
bad we have a bit of a problem with our keycard but the staff be so friendly and helpful . good the staff be very pleasant . the room be very clean and comfortable and the shower be amazing great location also . walk distance to ocean drive and collins avenue . would definitely stay here again
the staff be so kind everywhere be so clean and good location
bad nothing bad . . good great location . within walk distance to everything we want to see .
the hotel be a pleasant surprise . perfectly locate in the french quarter and 1 block from bourbon street . i stay in a petite room but be impress by the update and clean room bathroom . upon arrival the staff be warm and welcome even carry my luggage up the 2 flight of stair to the room . air condition room free ... more
as a travel superintendent i be there for two week and have a great stay the breakfast be a nice bonus like that they have a to go breakfast available and the coffee be good refer a business associate to stay there he will be stay for 60 day also
well we arrive at our hotel and i have do the pre check in thing like we can do for airplane seat etc i have choose my room and everything be good . oh by the way if they could only show where the parking lot be locate when you be chose your room that would be great . i have some thing ... more
the staff and the level of service at this hampton inn be amazing . they be very polite and helpful . whenever i m in the alexandria va area i always choose this hampton inn because of the service they provide and the environment while in their facility . the room be clean and comfortable while you be away from home .
a good room at a good rate . i have see better breakfast but i have see a lot worse . there be plenty of parking security seem good and the bed be comfortable .
this be the sixth time we ve stay here . great room excellent service and a sweet breakfast with a make omelette to order chef close to usafa and lot of good stuff . colleen be the bomb and will give you wonderful personal service
i stay here for one night for business . i be a marriott person myself but be pleasantly surprised i would compare it to a marriott courtyard the room be very nice and clean and the staff be friendly . the hot breakfast include egg sausage biscuit hot cinnamon roll pancake bagel toast etc . and be wonderful i would highly recommend it
hotel be clean staff be friendly . breakfast may be a hit or miss guess depend on who be prepare the food . depend on where your room be locate you can end up with considerable noise from the traffic on 1604 . third stay at this hotel two good stay and last one be so so . believe they change management recently as ... more
stay at this hotel about 4 time per year . always friendly staff decent breakfast comfortable mattress and clean . easy to find right past bandera exit off 1604 nw san antonio tx . never have any problem . very reliable quality of service .
very nice hotel very clean . be very close to event . have good breakfast serve in the morning . be close to shop for the wife . lot of restaurant close to hotel . easy excess to highway . be impressed with the bed .
i be extremely impressed with how stephanie handle my check in at this hotel also the checkout clerk be awesome as well ... she be very friendly at time of check out ... great service love the room and the setup ... sergio
we be late in book on a holiday weekend so we book what be available . i probably will not choose this again unless we be in the same situation and in that case i would probably still pay for better . not the worst hotel but could be way better . breakfast be no bueno we only try it one day . our bathroom ... more
stop here after my son s doctor visit at geisinger . very relax enjoyable atmosphere excellent service and the food be exceptional .
i go to the pine barn for a baby shower and it be beautifully decorate quiet and wonderful service . so wonderful to have a historic inn in our area
we get a free upgrade to a room with a jacuzi . it be right in the middle of the bed room ... too funny the bed where fine the staff be great but the view from the top deck during breakfast .... breathtaking i would go back in a heartbeat
when i arrive at the hotel the service i receive from shannon at the front desk be absolutely amazing .. she help me take my luggage upstairs without any hesitation . she later call my room to make sure everything be acceptable to my need and then she be back in the morning to help me all over again .. the kind of ... more
for our 75.68 hotel room for one night we walk into the room and my girlfriend walk into the bathroom and the toilet be not work properly then she go to turn on the bath and bug be crawl around in it . when we ask for our money back to switch to a different hotel the clerk refuse and we ... more
i recently stay at the hampton inn suit in dodge city on my way to and from a training in ks . when i check in on sunday night paul greet me and make sure i have a quiet room on the top floor . it be during a heat wave and the bottle of water he offer be much appreciate .... more
kansas be one of the last remain state for us to visit all 50 we decide on dodge city as a stop . a bit road weary we up scale to the hampton from the rural stop we have be make . staff be very good and helpful and one of the previous reviewer have a great suggestion of a protect walkway ... more
the dodge city hampton inn and suites be a pleasant and comfortable stay . my only complaint be that they switch out the biscuit and gravy for french toast stick . but the food be very good and the room be clean as well as roomy .
the staff be very friendly and willing to assist you with whatever need you may have . the room be modern and reasonably price the internet be fast and free for hilton honors member . there be a casino right next door i don t really gamble so i can t review it .
very helpful and friendly staff always take care of my need . special thank you to analy and omar andrade for respond to my request . lot of warm smile and willingness to make you feel at home .
my overall experience at hampton inn in dodge city ks be excellent . the staff be very professional and courteous . the accommodation be excellent . the atmosphere be pleasant for all age . the room be spacious and great for relax . breakfast be delicious .
sell our house and couldn t move into new house for several week . spend a week at this hotel . the staff be very accommodating . marilynn who serve the free breakfast be very nice and welcoming . housekeeping do a great job as well .
we have a 3 day business planning retreat here . we want an environment different from the average away from the day to day where we could unplug unwind and connect fully with what be important . this be perfect . we rent the entire bed and breakfast . way better than a typical hotel . start each day with a brisk long walk in the fresh air ... more
i have now stay here for 3 season 2013 2014 and 2015 . not sure i will return next time . the front desk staff have always be terrific and helpful friendly but the owner strict adherence to some police that be not really reasonable give choice provide elsewhere be at issue . add to that the fact that the furnishing while adequate be ... more
have a blast at arizona mountain inn . cabin be really neat fully equip and the staff go above and beyond expectation to make you feel comfortable . if you re look for that log cabin experience this be the place for you . winter skiing hiking fishing hunting golfing .... all nearby . super vacation
we stay for 6 night in cabin 5 . it be more spacious than it look on the website photograph . it do not feel crowded or squish . and the reading room be cute nice place to sit quietly . the cabin be neither fancy nor shabby just good old fashioned cabin with functional kitchenette or full kitchen that be equip with most of what ... more
i come to know that this motel be newly renovate so i want to check it out . the rate be very reasonable . i find that the room be clean and comfortable i stay for 7 night and the room include a microwave and fridge . they have smoking and non smoking room which i be pleased with since other motel near ... more
i ve stay at several hotel in the area but this be favorite . it be clean spacious comfy and close to th casino . but their greatest asset be the woman check you in . i wish i could remember her name . super nice and friendly and helpful . i m so glad i find this place . note website be show sell out but we ... more
we stay here as a weekend get away . first time stay at this location . we definitely would stay again . i have wonderful treatment at the spa across the street . love the pool area and hot tub and location of ice machine . the fresh fruit water everyday in the lobby be great .
clean comfortable hotel . dennis the shuttle driver provide a tour into newport and back to the hotel that be better than pay tour in boston and manhattan we have be on . he be the highlight of our trip . we be frequent visitor to newport but never know the history . we learn the different neighborhood and restaurant choice other than harbor side . breakfast on his recommendation be great the free breakfast at hampton be not why we stay there . the cleanliness and security be the most important feature to us . someone need to recognize dennis for his effort we will be back because of this a1 service.thank you for take the time to share your experience at our hotel with the tripadvisor community . we appreciate your kind word and compliment regard the cleanliness comfort and security of our location . i will be certain to share your accolade with dennis who will be thrill to receive them . he be a tremendous asset to our team . we look forward to have you as our guest again upon your return to newport . again thank you for your feedback .
the stay be highly satisfactory . we be very impressed with dan who be manage the desk . there seem to be some confusion about the category of room we be allot a room mean for handicapped person but dan straighten it out within a minute . he be also helpful with neighborhood information . will stay there if we visit newport again .
hotel check in and check out be efficient . common area and room be well maintain . staff be inconsistent in term of friendliness . room s window heat air unit be a bit noisy for me but i m a light sleeper . breakfast be acceptable fairly standard for this type of hotel . have issue with the internet connection speed .
the hotel staff be incredibly friendly . they have coffee and tea available in the lobby throughout the day and the night . the include breakfast be different each day and it be quite tasty for a hotel breakfast . i love the fresh fruit that be in the lobby at all time and the cookie in the evening . our room be very clean . the only thing i would recommend be that they scrub the hot tub . although the hotel be not in newport it be a straight drive right into the town .
i ve come to expect an excellent level of comfort at hilton brand hotel and this hampton inn do not disappoint spotlessly clean with friendly staff free breakfast and comfortable room . this hotel also have a shuttle service to downtown newport which be very convenient since parking be at a premium during the summer season .
the room be spacious enough bed be okay and it have a refrigerator microwave and coffeemaker and a complimentary breakfast . that say the hotel be older as in you get an actual key to your room . yeah that old the room have no air condition just a window fan . it get hot in the room on warmer day and of ... more
stay here while visit our southwestern college student the inn be less than 5 min . from the college very near downtown winfield . inn have a retro feel to it as you pull in it be one story tall and you park your vehicle right outside the door of your room . owner show us three room and we would have ... more
i stay here 2 weekend ago as i be travel to the dover nascar races . the hotel cost 500 per night due to the race when we arrive in the room it be regular motel style ... the tv have cigarrette burn in it ... the room reake of smoke and i say this even though i be a smoker ... and the bathroom look like ... more
i decide to stay here to have a quick and easy drive to the airport in the morning . this property be brand new and fabulous . my jaw literally drop when i go to check out the exercise room easy drive to chain restaurant and target . i wish all property be like this one
after drive 14 hour start out in 60 mph wind find out interstate be close due to a rock slide it be time to stop . front desk staff greet us with a smile and say they have a room ready . we have just call about a hour before . tell us we where in time for the chef dinner and we ... more
this be a good one guy room be convenient and comfortable with self check in and number pad door that miraculously work . it s small i think 5 room and walkable to anywhere in hilo . we stay in the smallest read cheapest room no . 2 . have everything we need even a little kitchenette . it get maybe a bit noisy with the street but ... more
stay at the westin for 2 night . staff be amazing . location be amazing pebble at the bar be super helpful and sweet very knowledgeable and friendly if i m in the gas lamp area again i will definitely just go in and have a drink if pebble be work
excellent . gracious clear staff perfectly clean and maintain . it be noteworthy that there be a fee for internet but the fee be wave for me . spa and exercise option be very good . the free shuttle from the airport be great .
for a weekend getaway this be a bit of a let down . i would recommend for a business traveler which it seem gear toward but for a fun couple weekend in the gas lamp it didn t provide any of the boutiquey extra i ve come to expect . the room be small and very generic . the bathroom in particular the tub be ... more
i can t say one negative thing about this hotel . when i arrive the bellhop greet me and show me inside where i be greet by a friendly employee and check in in less than 5 minute . my room be 437 and be very quiet and have a nice view over the front entry area and up the road i ... more
i really like this hotel friendly inviting staff upon arrival vibrant lobby and bar and large clean rooms.it be close to the airport and within walk distance of many fine dining opportunity . it be also a short run or walk to the waterfront about 0.6 mile and lot of new fitness shopping dining and beautiful pier side panorama await those ... more
love the stay staff be friendly pool be nice coffee be great the room be clean and bed extemely comfortable . i don t know what else to right this be make me right a whole story what can i honestly say that 200 character this be annoying . worst part of experience this paragraph i be force to write
great service safe and overall excellent . the staff be very friendly and helpful . the young lady at the front desk print some direction for me . the location be perfect right by the freeway . i would stay again .
we stay at the loews portofino bay because of the proximity to the universal theme park and add benefit of express pass and early park admission . we be there for 3 night and then be book at another hotel for the remain night of our holiday which didn t end up happen due to hurricane matthew . the good the water ... more
great choice a beautiful hotel with a lot of guest but it never feel crowded . the pool be nice and the area be always clean . every employee that we cam in contact with seem friendly and they be all very helpful . we love use the water taxi to go to city walk and come back to the hotel . although more expensive ... more
what a great experience at this property . the valet be superb the check in process be so simple and the room be pristine . food be great and all of the amenity on the property be ample to stay and enjoy a nice getaway or close enough to everything to go explore .
it be amazing experience at hyatt recency it s really really beautiful room all the stuff be so clean . we take the 27th floor it have a gergouse view from it we spend 4nights we really enjoy when i go to orlando again i m pretty sure to make a reservation at the hotel
love the hotel . very nice . great pool golf and activity . there be no reason to leave the resort . room be nice and food be very good . a bit pricey though . not a vacation if you be on a budget . we would go back have a very nice time .
this hotel have everything . beautiful ground and interior . room be very clean with beautiful view room 549 . this be a room with a pool view and excellent for watch the firework at epcot and disney . we stay here for 3 night but wish we have book longer as we didn t have time to make use of the amazing pool area ... more
this be an excellent property . it really fit the resort catagory . the king bed i have be very comfortable and the room have enough space to relax and work . evry room have a balcony . my room overlook a pond and i observe people kayak and play in the water . there be several excellent restaraunt . they run a shuttle to the ... more
it be close to resturant and stores.great hotel and activity . they think of everything . customer service be absolutly great . room have coffee maker and the coffee they provide be starbuck . we will difinitly be back in our future trip . thank you
resort which be probably 25 year young have undergo a complete remodel that will carry it for another 10 year . room be fair sized with twin full bed coffee maker fridge . resort fee cover pitch and putt golf non motorize boat bike transfer to park etc . plenty of dining option and extensive ground . some room have view of firework show in ... more
i can not say enough about our family vacation . the place be amazing . the best though be the incredible club lounge for club level guest . the food be sooo good they accommodate gluten free every meal or snack . i be so spoiled with the starbuck latte on demand cheese great gf grill veggie gf chocolate muffin and doughnut and super reasonable ... more
this be my second stay here at the hyatt . the staff be always friendly and happy to help you . the facility include in the resort fee be well worth the money such as the 2 swimming pool pitch and put golf course drive range 3 full size golf practice hole boat on the lake also the new year balloon drop ... more
we stay there for six day and we have an incredible time . the resort be so clean and there be so much to do from bike ride tennis pitch and put golf hot tub slide pool restaurant etc . i would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone .
we wait for everything and it be never worth it . the resort section be nice for older kid but not much there for my toddler . very disappointed with everything we do not get into our room until well over an hour past check in and they have a late check in time if you have trouble walk but do ... more
we be so impressed with the entire environment of this awesome resort . it have everything for a relaxing weekend that a couple would want . we have some awesome meal at all the restaurant on property enjoy the fitness center and the marilyn monroe spa what else can a couple ask for .
we be in orlando 3 week and spend the last 4 day at this hotel before head back to uk it s a fantastic family friendly hotel can t fault anything thing both my kid 12 and 8 love all the free activity and the pool be amazing better than blizzard beach water park as per my daughter well worth the money ... more
we stay here for 2 night because the price be reasonable and the amenity look pretty impressive ... it do not disappoint . check in be easy everyone be friendly and we thoroughly enjoy the stay . the heated pool be crowd but very fun . we do not eat in any of the on site restaurant but we do get smore at the cabana bar ... more
great place to stay for reasonable price near northpoint mall . very clean moderate sized 6 foot something deep indoor pool and small hot tub . staff very friendly and helpful good food at free cont breakfast . waffle house right across the parking lot if you be a late sleeper
fabulous room . great bed in 2 bedroom suite i want to thank all of the people who make my stay super.and spectacular . staff exhibit a great deal of friendly atmosphere . love the special night for a variety of meal and snack 3 time a week special cudo to the evening staff for make it happen and treat me to that ... more
this hotel be excellent it be in a great location . from the hotel you can easily walk to the port where there be a great many excellent restaurant and numerous shop to wander through . the staff be very attentive . our room be wonderful . it be very comfortable functional and modern . breakfast in the hotel restaurant be very good and the ... more
i find this hotel on the internet . it be locate where we want to be and seem to be a bit unique . it be a great experience . the hotel be do in a newspaper theme with unique art historic photo carpet and accessory . the room i rent two for our group be comfortable clean nicely appoint . we could walk to ... more
the press hotel be perfect right from the checkin . the hotel be immaculate the room be amazing and the bed be very comfortable . the bathroom be large newly renovate and have modern high end fixture . super cool hotel and we love the art and the typewriter in the lobby . go back for sure
find the press hotel when search trip advisor and we be thankful . what a nice surprise find this architectural gem . we be look for a property centrally locate with amenity . lucky us the press be the solution . the one night weekend rate be way under the rack rate considerably . the service be top notch from the valet bellman and ... more
hip but not too hip . staff super friendly and knowledgeable . absolutely perfect location for walk around portland . room nicely appoint if a touch small few drawer for clothe big bathroom . restaurant solid and bar good too . really excellent little boutique feeling hotel .
this be our second stay at aria . we book during a promotion which be go to give us an upgrade to a strip view . unfortunately we be only able to see a little part of the strip but who could argue a strip view it be . check in check out be fast in spite of a moderate long lineup . we ... more
4th stay at aria . it never disappoint . food cleanliness hotel staff atmosphere can not be beat . my next stay in vegas will be my 5th stay at aria . try the bardot restaurant for wonderful french cuisine .
me and my 3 girlfriend go here . bouncer be extremely rude to my friend who have sunglass on and accuse her of be drunk and barely let her into the club even though she didn t have anything to drink the whole day . eventually we get in and pay cover but the pool close 2 hour early . we still have an ... more
we come for a weekend getaway with friend and our third time at the aria . we have try other property and just feel the aria be the best perfect location incredible restaurant wonderful pool and fitness area ... and don t forget the smell when you enter the lobby i m pretty convinced that s what heaven smell like
i rarely if ever give a five star and i be not a fan of vegas . this place be exquisite and the perfect place for a romantic getaway . you never have to leave the hotel area . forget las vegas for a moment if you can avoid lose your retirement pay at the casino and just gamble for entertainment then i ... more
the room be luxurious the staff be very accommodating and the casino be not overly crowd . best of all the bed be insanely comfy the best stay we ve have in all the time we ve be to vegas . we will always stay here from now on .
we stay for 3 night and have a room with a great view of the strip on the 25th floor . room be lovely with a tablet to control all function . everything be pricey here but that s to be expect from the strip
this resort be worth every one of its five diamond stunning service with kindness support and upgrade when any question come up . ex . when i call the operator to find out the opening time of jean phillipe she say they open 30 minute ago mr . g they be wait for you ... absolute magic .
staff be exceptionally friendly throughout the resort and the room be beautiful and very comfortable feel like i be in a 5 star resort . pool be gorgeous but find the restaurant be a little overpriced for me .
great location and facility . i do the mobile check in which be fast and easy . and i also do the tv check out . which be just as easy . i love the high tech room . and the bed be comfy . i also enjoy the casino . and the slot machine . will stay again .
have a blast next time will bring wife and kid lot to do here and really feel welcome also enjoy the atmosphere and the staff be very helpful and friendly . sure to recommend aria to all my friend and family .
we pick the aria for lay back location and the modern feel . the staff seem to care . yes we lose all our gambling fund but the atmosphere and vibe be worth it . it be a special place .. great for the modern crowd but not extremely trendy ...
upon enter the cigarette smoke hit you be to hotel in vegas and the smell here be strong . go to my room notice the wall be so beat up huge knick on the wall carpet smell musty . room good size the bed be not comfortable too lumpy nice size bathroom but caution the marble use on the shower floor ... more
stay at the aria on a business trip . originally i be a little concerned about the distance from the hotel to the strip but its not near as bad as it look on a map . the casino be great and the location in respect to other hotel be perfect . i do not have a change to try out the restaurant ... more
be empty nest r we tend to look for more elegant adult atmosphere and of course want our money to go a long way ... i be very particular in my lodging choice and the aria do not disappoint i request a high floor with a really nice view and be happily accommodate . this hotel be absolutely fabulous and it have everything ... more
state of the art beautiful luxury high energy hotel . i highly recommend the aria . the restaurant be impeccable and have such a wide cultural variety the atmosphere be amazing the staff be incredibly helpful and friendly and the room be unbelievably clean state of the art and high tech so comfortable . you will be have the time of your ... more
beautiful casino and restaurant and shopping district . vegas always seem to offer a 5 star experience for much less than other city . i love this hotel and will be back many time in the future . the staff be friendly the food be t too pricy and the location be perfect .
we stay for 4 night with 6 other couple . check in be a only 10 minute when we arrive thursday around 7 p.m. although i do notice longer line at other time during our stay . our room be great with a strip view spacious super comfy bed lovely shower bath area and lot of wardrobe drawer space . our only room complaint be that ... more
we have high hope for the aria during our christmas mini getaway we choose it over several compete hotel due to its promise of a newer hotel with great service and amenity . we arrive at around 11 30 pm and be surprised to find a long winding line at the check in area . the line move at an excruciatingly slow pace ... more
beautiful hotel room be perfect with several bonus such as press button control of the blind light and tv . i feel safe in my room aria associate be station outside of elevator to make sure only guest be permit on the hotel area . in addition to the room the conference center be comfortable and attractive . food offer and the staff that ... more
i ve be to vegas about 8 time and i ve stay in a variety of hotel from the venetian paris bellagio bally s wynn caesar s palace hilton etc . i d say that aria be the most modern and sleek hotel . maybe because it s one of the newer one but i will admit i like their ambiance . the location be great it s right by ... more
this be our second visit to the aria we be allocate a tower suite on the 22nd floor . this suite be fabulous with lounge entry hall separate bedroom and massive bathroom the comfort and attention to detail superb and we find ourselves relax in here and hide from the heat outside . you be also allocate the tower lounge with separate ... more
we stay at the aria for a couple of night in july 2016 as a starting point for our family road trip and find it to be an excellent hotel . it have be a long time since we have be to las vegas and quite a lot have change in that time . it use to be a place where accommodation ... more
this be our second time to stay at the aria . my husband and i love this hotel . not a lot of horrible traffic through the resort like you have at some of the other hotel . very laid back and very elegant . great place to stay if you want to avoid a lot of child . love all of the extra amenity ... more
i travel to vegas the week of june 28 july 1 with my husband on business and we stay at the aria . this place be amazing we have stay at several hotel in vegas but the aria give you the full package . i have never in my life sleep in a bed so comfortable and the pillow . i will be order ... more
very nice hotel casino . room be spacious and very clean . bed be very soft and comfy . location be very accessible to both direction of the strip . very advance amenity . good selection of buffet menu .
stay here for a vegas weekend and it be great the room be amazing and the bed beyond comfortable . service be impeccable . there casino area be also great there be live music at the bar and a great atmosphere . we order room service for breakfast one morning and the food be delicious . i would definitely stay here again if i ... more
stay be pleasant however very expensive and staff no more helpful than in other hotel . we be here for a special occasion on checkin hotel ask this we be hope for upgrade or something but nothing then other member of group arrive and they be upgrade typical no luck location be excellent .
i would definitely stay at the aria again . the aria need to hire more more check in staff from 5 p.m. 7 p.m. . we have to wait at least 15 minute to check in i feel like i be at an airport ticket counter
i recently attend a conference hold at aria las vegas . this be my first trip to vegas but it definitely win t be my last the conference accommodation be fantastic room temperature be a bit too cold at time however i fall in love with this hotel . the aria buffet have so many international food option i feel i be dine ... more
beautiful hotel . for 109 you expect an average hotel but this be awesome . automatic blind light huge bathroom . nice standing shower with jacuzzi . great cleaning staff front desk room service . grill chicken sandwich be the best ever . mini bar price be not too bad fiji water be more expensive than liquor . 9.50 for a bottle of fiji water but 6 ... more
the picture do this place no justice . it be awesome beautiful the entire property be immaculate . room service be twice daily plus turn down service with chocolate motivational quote and slipper . all employee be extremely nice and helpful . elevator be quick and efficient l. ammentie ... everything you have to try the turkey burger and lemonade at the burger shack . you win t ... more
we spend five night at the aria for our 1st anniversary . this be our second visit to this hotel . once again they surpass our expectation we be put into a corner suite on the 18th floor with amazing view . the room be so comfortable that it make it hard to want to leave to do anything else . there be so ... more
6 friend on a very short break completely blow over by the aria . everything very efficient from start to finish during our stay.location perfect . room huge and spotless with fantastic view only downside be the pillow too soft for my liking . we ask for room near to each other and this request be easily meet . the lobby area very clean casino not ... more
aria be excelent on al count for a las vegas stay . it have excellent facility and service be great in all area of the hotel . consider its size it do provide high quality in all respect . i have have excellent experience at this hotel and our last stay be no exception .
the room be great we have a corner suite with a pano view . the staff be great and the restaurant be amazing . check in at the tower suite be fantastic . no line up and very friendly staff . overall the hotel be fantastic . very easy to navigate throughout the hotel as many casino be very confusing . good central location as well .
travel there a few week back for my 35th birthday and my stay at aria be nothing short of amazing will definitely stay there again . from the staff to the food at the buffet and the cafe to the night life . one of the best stay i ve have in vegas
check in go smooth and the view of the strip and mountain be nice but although the room be large the dark brown wall and decor be reminiscent of a boardroom . now on to the issue of housekeeping .... i initially notice that the night table be not dust upon check in but didn t give much notice as we be very ... more
i travel at least once per year and as far as all the hotel i ve be to this have be the best by far . the food service and room be probably the best that i ve experience . i ve be to vegas 4 time now and use to stay at cesar s but this place doesn t compare with anything else in vegas . between ... more
we have a wonderful stay at the aria . breakfast buffet have everything you could want . have a need for maintenance they be quick and professional . pool time be fantastic . check in be a bit rough apparently if you use express check in you can bill purchase to your room . overall great trip
we visit the aria for our 10th wedding anniversary on 22nd september . proper wow factor on walk in no need to queue as we have check in use the app . room be beautiful with everything power by the tablet watch out for the mini bar though as the price be pretty hefty . we eat in caf aria amazing ... more
first trip to vegas and we have hear everyone rave about this place so we decide to book it . first impression .... wow ... absolutely gorgeous . we aren t much for gambling but this place have a huge casino and ton of great restaurant and bar . the place be impeccable . room service be great and the room totally state of the art . we book through ... more
room be great . comfortable ultra modern contemporary very clean and high tech . bath be my favorite w phone . love the electronic control for light curtain television etc . all control at you fingertip . plenty of towel and toiletry . very friendly staff . check in early without a fee . not all check in station open but have an electronic check in and check out option . tram be ... more
book a combo deal through southwest excellent value very nice hotel . clean room quite polite staff . little smokey in the casino but you can get away from that . the gym be nice and they have a excellent restaurant javier s a must go to place . room be also fully automate very cool .
we stay at the aria 3 23 16 3 27 16 . our room be 22118 of the tower suit the view of the strip be spectacular the room itself be the nicest hotel room i have ever stay in . the bed let s just say i wish i could have take it home with me . amazing comfort . the staff at the aria be amazing .... more
the hotel room have the latest in modern technology all easily control by a tablet . the range and quality of the many restaurant be astounding . we love the high end mexican restaurant and the breakfast buffet ... which offer a vast choice i m sure this be modern high end vegas at its very best .
a friend and i come to vegas for her birthday for a few day . we love our stay here . the hotel and casino be very clean staff be helpful and the room feel like luxury . we like that everything in the room can be control by an ipad and you can shut everything off at once at bed time . also ... more
i be in las vegas on a quick business trip recently and really didn t have any idea where to stay . aria look new and fresh and the package deal with airfare be pretty compelling . the room be large with a stunning view and huge window . the room be clean enough to eat off the floor although i choose not to .... more
from the second you valet your car to check in service be phenomenal . highly recommend this luxury hotel . we stay here most time when visit las vegas . never have we be disappointed . we stay in a corner suite face the strip with 3 tv and 2 bathroom ... can t get much nicer then that
for the money pay this be a hotel that offer great value . have stay at delano venetian caesars and planet hollywood not on the same level this have the best bang for the buck . security be good and keep outside riff raff out . food option be from high end to easy to buy . price be consistent with all other resort and ... more
the aria have it all it s large bright clean have an amazing swimming pool area plus a gorgeous spa we have an amazing thai meal which be lovely . the hotel be close by to everything and have a tram to other hotel too . when we come back to vegas we will stay here again
fabulous and high tech stay simply incredible and help to make our weekend get away experience fabulous . we love the location service and attn to detail . also the tram between balacio aria and monte carlo be very convenient .
stay at the aria for 3 night march 5 8 the comp aren t what they use to be . we book our comp suite after analyze our offer . we turn down 400 more dollar to experience the corner suite at the aria ... surprise when we arrive they down grade our suite .. so read the fine print it do say that in there ... more
the aria be by far one of the best place that i have stay in vegas . the room be amazing completely control by a computer tablet . never see anything like it . you walk into the room and it come alive . the curtain open the tv come on and play music . awesome
amazing view of the strip awesome room and exceptional service . spa be worth the money spend the day after massage enjoy sauna and pool . would recommend aria to couple who want a modern resort with out the noise the restaurant have craft beer from all over the world . the seafood be fresh off the boat . look forward to our next ... more
this be my third time at aria resort and it didn t disappoint . the only criticism i have be the queue to check in i could see they be instal express check in machine but i do not think they be in use yet . we be give a room in 26th floor . as expect it be clean spacious and have all mod ... more
stay in this hotel for a week . all you need to live locate in one place . great room with view on the strip fully automate smart room . very comfortable bad . staff be very helpful and friendly . location be great next to he bellagio .
we wife and two friend stay at the aria over memorial weekend and have a fantastic time . this be my second stay at the aria first time be three year ago with my daughter for her 21st . i m please to say that everything be just as good second time round . room excellent staff couldn t be more helpful . we eat at ... more
i recently stay in room 16125 which be a corner suite i highly recommend . i be check in by matthew who be very courteous helpful and professional . the entire property be spotless and have a good vibe . everyone go out of their way to say hello and offer assistance include dealer bartender clean staff and the front desk . i wish ... more
location at the south end of las vegas bvld . this be the newer end and nearer lvs airport . bellagio and caesar s palace be close . aria be part of an integrate development with mandarin oriental as high end hotel aria hotel and casino complex and crystal shop mall prada vuitton etc a little bit dead except as a walkway to ... more
during our recent stay at the aria my fianc and i experience nothing but exceptional service . the hotel be incredible and amenity be great . we have a corner suite for a weekend and wish we could have stay longer . can t wait to book our next vegas trip there .
i love the aria . i like the way the table be lay out on the casino floor and all the dcor . any staff i come in to contact with be very helpful and polite . room be clean and a good size . i also think it s a good location and easy to get to a lot of other attraction in vegas .
i be at the aria for 3 day for a conference . everything about my stay be impeccable . the room be fantastic and very hi tech the pool be great and the food be incredible . the common area be not too loud smoky . it s near other cool hotel so you can easily walk to the mandarin or the cosmopolitan . nice staff . i ... more
stay here for a conference 3rd time and and it be a wonderful hotel . clean professional and great service . from the web check in to the mobile check out and the state of the art room all control by touch screen i would recommend this hotel to all friend and colleague .
aria hotel casino be one of the best hotel and casino in the entire las vegas as we experience of stay there for several time . with professional knowledgeable staff and excellent service . i will strongly recommend to my friend and relative to stay at aria when they plan to go to las vegas . congratulation to the management of ... more
from the time i enter the hotel to the time i leave it be a great experience . have a wonderful room with lot of space and a great view to the city . the food be really good . and not to mention its vegas their casino be open round the clock .
aria rock they have a javier s in this hotel . this facility be a gem . trendy fun and the staff be amazing . you literally do not need to leave this resort . thank aria we will be back soon . the m club be fun as well rack up our point .
we ve be come to the aria hotel since its grand opening . it s a lovely hotel but like every hotel in las vegas it s highly used . bedspread on this visit have questionable stain on them not freshly replace for our visit . black mold in the shower area gross one of the three pool have change they charge 100.00 for lounge chair ... more
excellent facility . nice staff . room view be great and it be very convenient to other place . gym be nice and hot tub be great cleanliness be a priority . make sure you do mobile check in and check out to save time .
we arrive at the hotel and experience the wonderful front desk staff . the check in be quick and we have a room on the 42 floor . it have a great view . the room be very clean and have eveythe you could need . the bed be so comfortable we do not miss our own bed at home like we usually do . the ... more
stay four night with hubby for a work conference . i didn t find the convention area to be as much of a trek as in other vegas hotel . room be spacious upgrade for 30 night to get a strip view on the 31st floor . we appreciate the security post near the guest elevator . dealer be friendly in the casino and staff at ... more
my husband take me to las vegas for my 30th birthday . we plan a trip through expedia and bundle aria into our package . know little about the property we book base on the review and location . from check in to check out our stay be amazing . highlight from the trip be the pool a host easily find us front row chair during ... more
lacks true value for money stay here twice now and there s no doubt this be a fancy hotel inside and out . however be prepare for staff not carry out their duty properly excessive queue at check in and check out and long walk across the casino to get from the elevator to the front door . then there s another long walk before you ... more
we just love the aria everything from the tower suite check in to the music selection play throughout the resort be just amazing . very clean and spacious room weather a suite or just standard deluxe room . a little on the pricy side but in my opinion worth it
the in room control and excellent dining be only the tip of the iceberg for this fantastic hotel the staff throughout and in the spa be superb and seem to genuinely enjoy their job . the shower in my room be heavenly and everything be spotless . if you want to sleep on a cloud while in vegas aria be the place ... more
ha i ve always want to use that song title for a review . aria have give me the opportunity to do so . now there be only two issue with my aria stay . check in and the number system in the hallway . the hotel receptionist have a hard time divvye up our check in understanding that several night be to be pay ... more
in my view aria be the best resort to stay at in las vegas . room be amazing . the bed and pillow be fabulous . they have the best restaurant too . check in be always quick and the employee be always very nice .
beautiful hotel the corner suite be very tech savy and modern i like the separate living space and bedroom . i also love how everything in the room can be control by one device the monorail also stop here which be a plus overall it can be pricey but it s worth it
i have spend the last two birthday at this hotel . it be the bomb everything you want in a 5 star resort . i have so much fun . i visit the cafe for breakfast . i love the vegas style bakery with so many choice . the crepe be heavenly the pool be beautiful and relaxing . they even have a suite member only pool .... more
i usually not write review that often and especially don t give any bad review to aria at all since my husband totally love aria . my husband and i always love to stay here and we come minimum 3 time a year but the last 2 stay of our be very unsatisfactory and all due to unprofessional staff at mlife . my ... more
beautiful and luxurious resort hotel with everything anyone could need for a few day in las vegas . centrally locate on the strip this relatively new resort hotel be convenient affordable and luxurious for single couple and family alike . fantastic service a huge selection of top quality restaurant at all price point and a large and comfortable casino . pool area be ... more
aria be an outstanding resort . very nice accommodation . great location . easy access to parking . wifi work great . bed very comfortable . only complaint be no access to use of a mini refrigerator and onsite dining very expensive . many other dining option close .
we absolutely love our stay in aria hotel . we be lucky enough to get a room on the 54th floor and although we weren t face the strip the view be still beyond amazing . location be perfect and couldn t recommend enough .
worst place iv ever stay ever wouldn t stay here again . i do not recommend this hotel to anyone on check in they explain to us we need to leave a hold fee of which will be refund on check out if we be not to use anything of which we didn t . i leave this hold fee then only on check ... more
we stay at the aira hotel in september 2016 great room great hotel very clean one warning do not buy the in room water 12.00 for 700ml walk outside to supermarket 3.00 for 1 litre same brand maybe the yorkshire yorkshire man in me .
this hotel be great and i love the location i feel like i be in the middle of all of the action on the strip . we stay in a corner suite and the view be amazing the window be floor to ceiling and offer stunning view of the vegas strip even from the bathroom . i would take bath in the ... more
the aria be a beautiful hotel and clearly justify its 5 star rating from the deep lush comfy mattress of the bed to the in room tech which be brilliant . the housekeeping be also exceptional so why be this hotel in my opinion not 100 perfect . i like to wake and rise with a coffee i would of like a ... more
the hotel be one of the newer one on the strip . location be good . it be in between bellagio and monte carlo so we can take the free tram that run between those 2 hotel . the hotel be big and it be a trendy one . room be in good size . the mattress be abit too soft . there be a coffee ... more
this hotel be amazing and i couldn t stay anywhere else now i spend a lot of time research the hotel for my first trip to las vegas . i decide to spend a little more which wasn t a lot in comparison to other hotel for same type of room maybe 20 night for the newer hotel base on review and online picture ... more
we stay at aria for 7 night in july and have a great time the room be large and very nice with floor to ceiling window which offer us a great view . the washroom have a separate wc and a large shower my only complaint would be the limited counter space ... but i should learn to travel with less toiletry the ... more
stay for 4 day here . the amenity be awesome . the staff be friendly . the only thing negative during my stay be that i lose money from gambling . the beer be expensive here . otherwise the whole experience be exceptional .
simply spectacular fully build with the latest technology mmomento . impeccable luggage service where you make your free baggage check in and go to your room where you deliver it to you at no additional cost when you open the door of his room the light come on automatically the tv start up with music the curtain open all monitor by ... more
we be on the 19th floor have a great king bed room with a view of the strip . luckily we get an email be able to check in 24 hour prior avoid the long line to check in . instead we go to the mobile check in line it literally take less than 5 minute . the room itself be ... more
we stay at the tower suite and it be heaven on earth great service wonderful view from room and amazing facility . 4 pool to take your pick and a vibrant casino . shop restaurant and bar all you need highly recommend for a treat
i thoroughly enjoy my stay at the aria . the service the room and the conference area be great . the room be spacious and very comfortable . i really like that everything be control by the tablet in the room . i will stay at the aria again when visit las vegas .
get marry last year at the aria chapel and stay in the hotel for 10 day . we have a great time with our family and friend . brittany from the wedding staff be very helpfull and nice . the hotel be brand new and very clean everything be modern . besides the casino it have a large entertainment structure fill up with show ... more
our family stay at the aria resort and casino for the first time and it be very nice . we have a corner suite in the tower which provide access to a special room for check in . the same room also provide free coffee soda water snack and concierge service . there be a security person that check everyone s room key to ... more
always a great stay at the aria love the room and dining option . table get a little high on weekend but that happen . great location and shop nearby high end shop highly recommend todd english pub for drinking and serrano for eat
the property be great and the poker room be the best in vegas . i ve rate the aria as excellent overall . since no place be perfect these comment will address only the imperfection . first the poker tournament area be in the casino area rather than the poker room proper . it seem to be between two discordant source of music and in ... more
this be a case of another vegas hotel that think that just because this be vegas it can treat its patron like cattle . when you drive up to the hotel there be a sign to self parking . no sign for valet just self parking . so you follow the sign to find yourself in a gigantic and full parking lot with ... more
we arrive at the hotel my husband and i. we ask for an upgrade we be tell you the hostile receptionist there be none which i find hard to believe . the room be mediocre but very dusty and i wouldn t have expect to see that . we be charge resort tax but didn t use the pool or gym . one night we ... more
if you book there be prepaire you need an extra 150 a day . in addition to the 35 resort fee . and to top it off my room isn t ready . stay here be like have a pretty girl with an ugly attitude . it only look good on the outside . the management be terrible
i have a fabulous stay . we stay in the tower suite and it be fabulous . i would stay again . the only thing i didn t like be that they didn t have a microwave . i love the bathroom and the view be on the strip so it make it beautiful .
after several trip to vegas each year for the last several year the aria remain one of my favorite . classy place with great feature . very centrally locate so you can get to many show and other casino .
i be skeptical about this hotel after experience area coffee on the lobby level of this hotel but have to say i be positively surprised . the room be contemporary design large enough and really well maintain . everybody who like a nice style and high quality would be happy to stay here . yes i would expect complimentary water in room as ... more
again be there for work . the room be ultra sleek and modern electronic shade and curtain full a v system . what be great be the large bathroom with both a tub and shower and dual sink . the wifi in the room work well . the mobile checkin be screw up and it be a 50 50 for the people in line when i ... more
excellent service very courteous staff concierge excellent service bell boy very clean room the buffet be widely with many different station of choice and good food the casino be very well locate and win be favorable
here s a few observation . we have an early flight in and we be able to enjoy the pool by get pre check in and texte us when the room be ready . very nice . room be fantastic stand up shower tablet that control light drape and television . pool be super and have adequate seating in shade and sun . pool drink good but ... more
if you love luxury impeccably clean room stunning art and eclectic eatery than this place be for you . the first time i go to aria be relate to an unfortunately loud guest stay next door to me at another mgm hotel and i can tell you that the move be the best decision i ever make because i get to ... more
second time stay here staff be always friendly at check in no free upgrade this year they have start use a mobile check in so you do some of it before you get there and it also help the line up at check in less of a wait time . room be great we be at the back of the hotel ... more
2 night in the aria be pure luxury . we have an interconnecting room with our teen and so lot of space for us to be tidy and them to make a mess obviously this be vegas so everything else be expensive the restaurant and parking etc but as a treat it be perfect . the staff we meet be polite ... more
i have such a great experience at the aria oct.17 20th that i didn t leave the property until it be time to uber back to mccarran.i be there for the cancel stone show and aria be buzz with a great vibe.room 21228 be immaculate and housekeeping be on their game.every single employee i encounter be genuinely polite and gracious.some of the ... more
another pleasant stay at aria . ask for a room on a high floor if you want a view . our room be on the 4th floor and all we could see be a c equipment . brick oven pizza be delicious and buffet filing .
in august of 2015 we stay at the staybridge suit as we prepare to celebrate the wedding of our son and his wife . we come in a few day ahead of the wedding party to help out her family with the detail of the wedding . we reserve room for family wedding party and additional guest have to change the reservation ... more
this hotel be excellent very clean inside out . i be give a massive room with a kitchen which be well stock . service be great and staff very friendly . the hotel be also locate in a good place in walk distance of plenty of restaurant and a starbuck . will use again
very good stay with lot of energy .
i book a weekend stay at the w for my bachelor party . i book the room week in advance but the staff say that my room be unavailable due to maintenance . i press for the room i book and eventually get the room i want . on top of that they include drink ticket . the trip start a little rough but it be great . hotel be situate in a great place and all the amenity like the pool and bar be fantastic .
the hotel i stay be so call a 3 star hotel here be no hot water in my room and i couldn t take shower . also the a c in my room didn t work well either and it can not give me a comfortable temperature . then i ask for additional blanket but they say all be go . give such a bad situation they say they ... more
one of the best hotel i ve stay in staff be great location be perfect and accommodation s amenity a we plan on visit this hotel again even if just a weekend getaway . there be restaurant within walk distance all the store you would ever need for necessity but hotel room be quiet and comfortable .
i be lucky to be upgrade to a lovely jr suite with great view of the lake and park . unfortunately i be only in town for 24 hour so i couldn t fully enjoy the hotel .
from start to finish the staff be super helpful . all staff genuinely seem happy to work there and help guest . the room be comfortable and spacious a corner room . the vibe be great hip and fun without the pretentiousness of some hipster place .
i say that because i cancel my second night stay from an awful hotel downtown and book my second night at the hotel lincoln . best decision i make the whole trip . the room be great spacious clean well furnished and very modern and the staff be even better . my wife have a bad stomach ache in the middle of the night and i call down to the front desk and ask if they have any pepto bismol . they say no and start tell me where the nearest walgreen s be and then stop and offer to get some money from me and go get it for me since it be the middle of the night . i be super greatful and try to give him a tip he wouldn t take it . and that be just one example of how excellent the staff be . next trip to chicago i m stay here again
we be disappoint in the room however i will say that if you re look for a small place with a great view and a really nice park directly across the street this place be perfect . also the rooftop bar be great although a bit pricey . our disappointment be in the room itself which be extremely small and not at all comfortable overall feel like it be way too much money for such an uncomfortable room .
horrible smelly roomsaske for our money back since we could not have stay in this place with my daughter have difficulty breathe in that smell.they tell us they will refund well the money be never return to my account.even when ask a several times.rude staff .
counter staff try to be helpful however my problem need the manager s attention . he be not on site but could be reach by phone but refuse to talk with me . the lobby smell like smoke and i want to cancel my reservation . which require his ok . refuse to do that or talk with me about my concern . consider this motel ... more
great room . great service . excellent cleanliness . i d recommend this facility to all of my friend and relative . great entertainment be near by . wild country night club . feel safe come and go .
i stay in the pontchartrain suite so that my daughter her 9 bridesmaid could get ready . it could not have be any better it be spacious enough for everyone plus the hair make up crew as well as friend stop by . i d highly recommend it
while you can always look hard enough to find something wrong with a hotel the omni for our two night there be excellent . we experience a clean room very friendly and helpful staff good food and location . the bellman go out of their way for us and we have no complaint . we would stay there again .
i love this hotel get in late to find the room light and tv on it be great i didn t have to drag my bag into a dark room and find the light . so comfortable great sleep and oh man great shower
the omni royal orleans be a great place to stay in the french quarter . a great safe location near all of the action and within walk distance of many great restaurant . room be very clean and quiet . the rib room restaurant have a good menu and the food be very good .
our upgrade balcony room over look the dumpster . the housekeeping service be very poor . the hotel bill for wi fi service that be not use . towel be never replace and we have to call for soap .
the location of the hotel be perfect and we be able to walk to place like caf dumonde and bourbon street . there be several shop and restaurant within walk distance as well . very clean hotel with a very attentive and courteous staff .
my fianc and i love nola we ve be two time in the last year and both time we stay at the omni royal . the staff be wonderful and always very accommodate the location be perfect only a few block from bourbon jackson square and decatur we stay in july of 2015 and october of 2015 . in july we go up ... more
this hotel be amazing though it s not as hip as the w hotel the location be amazing right across the street from k paul and nola s two great restaurant . also the pool be probably the best of any hotel pool and you really have to have the pool when it s around 90 degree in the spring and summer . i highly recommend this hotel
i have stay many time over the past several year at this classic hotel . the service from the front desk to the room attendant to the bartender be top notch . the room have very comfortable bed with modern flat screen tv s. the pool be rooftop and have great view of the city . i highly recommend request a room on the ... more
i be native to new orleans but live elsewhere currently so i know exactly where to stay when visit . the location be perfect the hospitality be war and welcoming and the room be well appoint spacious quiet and comfortable . the hotel have entrance on both royal cafe gallery boutique and chartre jackson square so it be central to everything in ... more
this be our first time visit the city of new orleans . the omni be the perfect hotel . it be in the middle of the french quarter but not on crazy bourbon street . you never want to stay on bourbon street the hotel be clean and elegant . our room overlook royal street which be a beautiful street line with art gallery ... more
we always stay at this hotel when visit new orleans . it be literally step from some of the classic restaurant in new orleans and close to bourbon street while still allow for a good night s sleep . the staff be friendly and helpful without be overbearing . i recommend the larger room over the smaller one since the small room be really ... more
absolutely love this hotel . truly the best service food and location . classy and polite staff . our banquet food be delicious and always fresh throughout the day . staff would whisk away all dish and place setting when we be finish and my glass or cup be never empty . accommodation be great . big bed big room big bathroom and an amazing 360 ... more
we spend two relax night at the omni . wonderful room helpful staff . rooftop pool and bar be terrific a great place to view the city and river during the day or night . we didn the try the hotel restaurant since we be tempt by the aroma of other restaurant while walk the french quarter .
i would like to say thank you to all the staff for our stay at the omni . we be very much surprised when we get to the hotel . loyalty ambassador tia a. jackson contact me in advance of our arrival and have ask if we have a special occasion and i respond yes it be our 40th anniversary of our ... more
the hotel be locate on an excellent and very convenient block . very close to the action but about a block away from the action at the same time . so perfect for walk back from bourbon street without problem and close enough to walk to where you need to go in french quarter . the hotel lobby doorman be a nice upscale ... more
definitely the location be there best attribute and staff be pleasant . however as long as you do not end up in a room next to the elevator . a lot of noise also at some point the ac be so loud you feel as if you be in engine room as long as you don t need wi fi available ... more
the room be very clean and you can t beat the location . the riviera bar and pool on the roof be a nice amenity to have so you can relax for a few hour before the night life . you be walk minute from whatever you want to do in the french quarter .
my husband and i just return from a 3 night stay . we be celebrate our wedding anniversary and it be our first time visit nola . since it be our first time visit and we be celebrate a special occasion we book a king suite with a balcony . the extra price tag be worth it . the balcony be amazing we overlook ... more
the location staff and hotel be fabulous the hotel be full but i would ve never know . it be quiet in the hallway . everything be right on point . i travel a lot and this be my new favorite spot in nola
love the omni for many reason the only thing that be a huge disappointment each visit be the cigarette smoking be do in the outdoor area that we be suppose to be able to enjoy fresh air the pool balconies front door entrance . rule need to be enforce rude guest get mad if approach about take smoking to appropriate area .
omni royal orleans offer convenient location and load of amenity . the staff be gracious and really make you feel at home from the second you arrive outside the front entrance . there be a restaurant downstairs where we have an excellent meal and the lobby bar be fun and relax for cocktail . for american standard the room be small . if you ... more
very friendly great location in the french quarter very comfortable . it be just down the sidewalk from bourbon street but far enough to get away from the late night party . i give it a 5 star rating .
the room be very clean and bed be extremely comfortable . the hotel staff be so very nice . the location of this hotel be perfect right in the midst of downtown but not so loud that one can not rest . we have the best time and this hotel by far be one of my favorite . we love the city of new orleans ... more
this be my first visit to nola and choose the omni on a friend recommendation be very pleased . location be excellent good service and friendly employee . room be small we upgrade to a deluxe room queen still small but clean comfy and great water pressure in the shower . bar lounge nice singer yadonna be very enjoyable . good rooftop ... more
we basically pick this hotel off the internet by the nice picture . what a pleasant treat it be right from begin to end i can not say enough about every aspect of this property and i will be stay there for certain on my next trip to new orleans
lovely hotel great pool decent gym good food lovely courteous staff perfect location . you really win t find better in the french quarter . only slight criticism be the room could be bigger . but they be very clean and well maintain with one of the most comfortable bed i ve sleep in . wifi be free if you be stay there just ask ... more
have our daughter wedding at the omni royal orleans . all the staff be beyond fantastic . everyone have a great time the location of the property could not have be better . the quality of the hotel be great . we have a suite and it be perfect .
my husband and i visit nola to celebrate our first wedding anniversary this past weekend . upon our late arrival we be greet by the valet and bell boy and quickly check in for our stay . there be a mix up with the room key which stall our settle for 30 minute but we be tell that the woman that assign us the key be on medication from a dental operation . the room be lush but small neither of us minded since we would be tourist hop and eat all day any ... view moreway . the view be great and we be pleased that it be locate far enough from bourbon that you couldn t hear the crazy scream drunkenness though saturday be a bit louder than friday . room service be excellent and speedy . information be readily available and the hotel be really clean . we didn t get to explore the upper deck pool area or dine at the rib room but plan on stay here again it s in the middle of everything and a really great value view less
stay 3 night for a conference . the room be small as this be a historic property but very nicely decorate clean and comfortable . there be dimmer on the lamp robe and nice sheet . outlet on side of bedside table . lovely roof pool and bar . service be fabulous from fast check in to housekeep to wake up call .
we arrive early and we hadn t sleep . our room wasn t ready . they finally give us a room just to sleep in until our room be ready . thank you staff be friendly . pool be clean and have a nice view with a breeze . will definitely be back i ve stay in many hotel in new orleans . this one be my favorite .
finally make a reservation with omni after many attempt . their reservation system would put call on hold for a long time . should have be a warning on thing to come i finally call the front desk and they connect me to reservation . make a reservation to check in may 28th three night . request early check in this be a special ... more
bad short on hot water during the evening . it be fine during the morning hour . when i mention this at the desk they promise to look into it and adjust my bill to compensate . good very clean attractive . good value for the money .
good excellent hotel in great position very friendly efficient staff great on site cook breakfast very good dinner menu and excellent evening bar . well position for many restaurant in walk distance . onsite pool and gym
we host corporate meeting here for 15 20 people for about a week and in short i will never go back again . the room be fine but the meeting be not the best and the food at the restaurant be very slow and closed early . we have work lunch cater and some of the sandwich be moldy and service terrible when ... more
i would recommend the property and would happily stay there again . i think the room be fairly clean even though because of the decor and color scheme at first impression it give the appearance that it wasn t. the bedding be fine though there be a hole in the bedspread . the towel be clean but there be stain that appear to ... more
a no frill location in a residential area . close to freeway 7 11 starbuck and a mexican restaurant nightclub . check in be quick and not welcome but to the point . parking lot could be an issue cause of the size but it wasn t pack at check in so we avoid the dilemma . the elevator in the lobby be convenient quick and a ... more
my only issue be that i have expierience better wyndham hotel for cheaper price in my area . bigger room to bigger in room jacuzzi unit to better overall atmosphere to the room . service or cleanliness be not lack here just overall quality of room compare to other wyndham hotel .
when go place i like to see a landing point of a nice place of class . clean room with a decent size to go along with it be a prayer .
carpet so dirty that upon enter shower the foot print would not rinse off the tub . laundry room directly below room would shake entire room when maid be do laundry .
not enough pillow dingy shower curtain bad tv reception . tv mount in location that it hard to view television . room almost 100.00 dollar not worth it will never stay there again .
general manager be rude at checkin and would not let me checkin for an hour . i have pre arrange to have room prepay and he refuse
really nice hotel in an awesome area of cali . love this city a lot
the motel be close to highway i 405 and very close to lax airport . the surround can be very noisy . we stay one night in the motel because we have an early flight from lax . it s good for just one night .
come here for a business trip they accommodate us to no end . the staff really do a great job tend to us
this hotel be nice and clean.walke distance to several restaurant it be an easy drive to get there .
the rate be fabulas the facility be clean . the location be perfect . very impressed
this be a great place to stay . it be quiet . our room have a balcony with a view which be something we absolutely need . the staff be nice and helpfull and the breakfast be exactly what we like . breads bagels yogurt fruit hard boil egg and cereal perfect .
the room be absolutely beautiful we arrive before check in and our room be ready to go . there be an ample amount available for breakfast and the wine and cheese night be very relaxing and fun to attend . we meet wonderful people stay at the inn with us ... make the atmosphere very friendly and homey . the staff be an excellent group ... more
i be shock how kind and courteous and simply nice the staff be at this hotel . the front desk lady be fantastic . kind sweet cute and genuinely customer orient . the evening kick back cocktail reception be amazing as well . full on dinner if you like every night at 5 30pm with a full bar and the food and beverage staff be ... more
the two room suite be very clean an well maintain . we stay at ocean suit a couple of time a year and be always happy with the accommodation . the mini kitchen have a full size refrigerator microwave oven coffee maker with coffee provide . pot and pan along with dish be provide . they even have coffee sweetener a wine bottle opener ... more
the property be very attractive inside and out . when the sun come out i notice flower basket hang under the staircase on the main building and some trumpet vine and fuchsias bloom on the hillside . the decoration and practicality of the interior be very well plan . the interior picture of nature and local scenery provide cheerful ambience . i notice the ... more
this be close to pasadena city college and a close walkinto old town.my in law stay here and they be very happy with this hotel clean good price and clean
the three best thing about the saga motor hotel location location location . right on colorado boulevard across the street from pasadena city college the saga can best be describe as a 1950s motor lodge . that be its a place you can sleep in relative comfort but the decor be sadly in need of update . the tripadvisor photo take in 2011 ... more
nice hotel in slo . staff be friendly and they have cookie and coffee when we check in . only minor complaint be the continental breakfast be a little on the light side . but there be plenty of place to eat in slo so other than that it be great .
the positive most of the staff be very friendly . good location . hotel clean . bed comfortable . the negative too expensive for what you get . breakfast be just ok no coffee in the breakfast area or choice of milk with cereal . have to wait a long time for item to be refill . bathroom small . stingy on the towel . lobby very small not ... more
my experience here be pretty awesome the staff be very helpful with whatever i need and any question i have about the area i would recommend this place over and over very happy with stay here
we want to stay in san luis obispo on our way home . we find this inn very nice well keep . can t complain about the location near to a lot of restaurant . not too much road noise . it have a microwave refrigerator and coffee maker .
the staff be very friendly and they make check in super fast . my family and i get there a little early they check the room and since it be clean they get us in early . one of the best stay i ve have in a hotel . we will definitely be stay here again in the future .
locate very close to slo perform art center which be very convenient . room be clean and appointment be ok . check in be a bit strange no towel pool jacuzzi area lot of traffic noise from hwy 101 . the price seem high for the accommodation and we be give a room adjacent to the elevator which make for more ... more
stay for business . will not come back . the room be small for 2 bed . the sheet have cigarette burn stain .
worst place ever for family room be smelly and office staff not helpful
furniture and fixture be in desperate need of repair and update . desk be wobbly . furniture be scratch . ac unit look like it be go to die . toilet seat be wear and need to be replace etc .
stay here for 10 night room very clean kitchenette very very well provide paper towel everything you need except a kettle hey i be british . the only one very little gripe more chair outside would be good . laundry room clean and washer and drier very good
my family find our way to hyatt valencia as a result of a catastrophic gas well blow out . governor brown declare a state of emergency and more than 4 400 people from my community be relocate to hotel . it be our misfortune to wind up at the hyatt regency valencia . they take full advantage of the situation of us and even the ... more
we book this hotel last minute . we think it be go to kind of a mediocre room . when we arrive there be plenty of parking and best of all parking be free . when check in the two gal at the front desk be very pleasant . check in be super fast and easy . when we arrive to our room we be ... more
this hyatt be a great place . clean quiet friendly staff nice bar great happy hour well located and responsive to your need . we will stay here again without a doubt . it be a little noisy from other patron slam fire door . that be not the hotel s fault . that come from people with no social grace .
we be look for a quick low key weekend escape to get out of the heat without break the bank upon arrival staff be friendly check in be a breeze the hotel and ground be excellent . location be close to dine shopping and nightlife . will definitely return
there be a restaurant charge on my invoice for 139.00 and i contact the front desk to notify them that i do not eat at their restaurant charge a meal to my room or order room service so obviously someone use by credit card info on file to charge a meal . the person work the front desk be dismissive and rude and just say we will look it to it . i tell him that be not good enough i want to know if my charge info and identity be compromise so i could notify my bank . i will cut to chase he be no help . i ask to speak to a manage but i be tell there be not manager on duty so two hour later i finally speak to a manager jim who tell me the charge would be reverse in 3 day ... i still don t know if my personal info have be compromise and i have to monitor my account everyday and the charge have still not be reverse . terrible customer service . bob
the hyatt valencia locate near magic mountain in non descript santa clarita be a dress up basic hotel . add lot of marble flooring and mildly hip decor can not disguise some neglect and oversight that lower end chain now provide . the ice machine be out on at least two floor the night i be there and there be no electrical outlet near ... more
so this isn t the best motel out there but the price be right and if you be just look for a place to crash for a night it will do . the room be clean and the bed be comfortable . you can bring your pet in the room with you . it s close to the freeway and marie callendars which have wonderful breakfast . try it out you win t be disappoint .
first of all the owner manager both be very rude . the room i stay in be not that clean when i first check in . there be and probably still be write on the wall . not only that but there be a lot of cockroach semi torn carpet and the wall have black fingerprint that look like they have be there ... more
ok place to stay but nexr time i m in morro bay i will definitely look for someplace else . there be no phone in the room no extra toilet paper no clean washcloth the second and third day .
i book our room on the internet didn t see any accessible room list or that there be no elevator . i do write note as to our need but we be originally go to be in a room on third floor with no elevator . the gal who check us in offer a cottage on first floor for same price which ... more
we have a room on the top floor . which be nice because you could see the sea it be very spacious and very clean . and a cosy fireplace . the room be up to date as well . it be nice to have some modern furniture for a change breakfast be very good too but some fruit would be nice . oh and ... more
hesitant to book after read review but turn out good . staff very nice . room clean and spacious . bed be comfortable with clean sheet . don t know why people complain about the continental breakfast . they have cereal waffle muffin good coffee juice etc . in a clean environment . the complainer need to realize this be not a bed breakfast or a gourmet restaurant . have a first floor room and could hear upstairs foot fall but that be to be expect in any motel . good thing no noisy people tho . second night rate saturday be way overprice for this place . would recommend if only stay a few day . this motel be just a plain vanilla .
i always take clean wipe side of table remote control and door handle dirty lamp shade tear no sprinkler system not in mine or my daughter s room . manager very nice breakfest good the waffle be a nice surprise arrear very quite .
we have a great time
this be the only place we could find that be under 200 night available last minute and receive decent recent review . the staff be nice room be clean and bed be comfortable . i have a hard time sleep because it be a bit stuffy as there be no ac . it s definitely not worth the rate but consider what other hotel be ... more
i find a large bug in the bathroom someone else s old coffee filter bag in the coffeemaker shower curtain bar break and on a near freezing night 35 deg low the heat didn t work it only make a dangerous sound electrical noise .
or stay be just okay hotel in need of some work .
i buy a night at this location off of trip advisor and i get a really good rate for this area . the bed be awesome i have a really good night sleep . the view of the ocean be very tiny and i be tell that if i want a better view i d have to pay more even though there be ... more
sink have leak which soak the entire counter top . give rag to wrap around the faucet and tell that no maintenance person available . give option to move on last night there . outlet do not work plug fall out . coffee pot never clean out . towel receive be stain . on first arrival toilet have some poop float in it . phone do not work no dial tone no way to contact front desk . go to continental breakfast and muffin be cover with ant . she put them away but next morning the muffin serve be stale . i believe she save them and serve them the next day .
good location walk distance to shop and restaurant . just a few minute from the beach .
come out here to see my friend band play at the flat just across the street from aloft the hotel be in a great location great food all around and walk distance . cool view of some huge bridge right next to the water always stoke when i m near water room be clean and very modern great place to stay would ... more
wi fi be hit or miss breakfast be not good .
it be a good clean stay .
be in town for business stay only 1 night . by far one of the best hie i have stay at whenever i travel i tend to stay at them . it be not that often and usually not in larger city . the room be clean even the bathroom where most hotel lack . bed be comfy as be the pillow . the tv .... super ... more
absolutely awesome hotel and service for family . we team family stay here for a girl fastpitch tourn and it have everything need to entertain the team parent before after game . pro pool breakfast laundry room in room fridge and microwave lot of seat in and around lobby to gather and meet for everyone . office computer room in lobby area ... more
i be on my way to cincinnati and stop over for the night . my room be very nice and the area be nice and quiet . if you have kid they will like the pool and splash park . i didn t use the area but see kid in and out all day night and parental supervision be require which be nice . as a ... more
several year ago during an area ice storm and widespread power outage our family check into this hotel . we be able to obtain a room at a significantly reduce rate which show the generosity and helpful community spirit of the daly family who own manage this and other business . the room be clean comfortable and meet all of our need . superior ... more
wedding party outside in pool area until 4 30 in morning . very loud . front desk be ignorant to whole event even tho you could see outside table from lobby . room be below average with door that seem break and toilet rock on floor . worst night at a hotel in 30 year . unconcerned personnel with indifferent attitude be the worst . never stay ... more
stay one night and it be perfect for our travel plan . the hotel be quiet clean and up to date . the staff be friendly and efficient . love the bright color scheme and all the big fluffy towel in the bath . the water pressure be out of this world . the lighting a bit dim in the bathroom but overall a perfect ... more
we have be come to hollywood fl for quite a few year now . every year we stay somewhere different because we haven t find the one . this be it we find the one great property the room be clean ... no bug beautiful tropical courtyard right outside our door to hang out at night . perfect for those evening that that be too windy ... more
the qi in weeki watchee be far enough enough away from tampa to be out of the madness that be us 19 yet close enough for daytrip to the tampa area as well as up the gulf coast . very reasonable rate . service be excellent friendly and helpful staff . the lady who take care of the breakfast bar be especially attentive . we ... more
my family and i drive about 4 hour to visit weeki watchee spring very early saturday morning and have reserve a room for the same night sine it s less than a mile from the park . when we get to weeki watchee the park be already full and we didn t really have a plan b. the hotel be very accommodating and ... more
first i want to say a big thank you to everyone at ramada who make my stay such a memorable one.i be greet at the airport with a warm welcome from mario the van driver who remember me from the time he see me on the pavement alberto at concierge who welcome me back.marielys ana in the restaurant at ... more
we be repeat guest to ramada but sadly this will be our last stay as we will be look to take our family elsewhere . this be our first vacation that we could not wait to get back home . i be employ at one of the lead hotel in barbados and be very disappointed with the service of the hotel and ... more
very strong smell in the hallway i be in the last room on the second floor and the internet do not work they offer storage of luggage service but not allow to leave the luggage after checkout . extremely rude clerk who answer me in the checkout
there s a newer ramada closer to the airport but because ramada appear to be all franchise you never know what you re get and this be bad . our reaction confirm by a fellow traveler return from ecuador the next morning her bathroom have pipe leak brown fluid in wall . a woman possibly seek trade be buy beer from the shop ... more
i don t even know how this place be still operate . the girl at the checkout desk be rude and confrontational . their face depict people that be be force to work ... not helpful whatsoever . unprofessional checkout take for ever and they don t know how to explain thing . the ac in some room don t work . please send those lady to customer service ... more
we be here one night with our 3 boy and i have to say that the girl that check us in and check us out same person but forget her name be awesome usually when we walk into a place with our 3 crazy boy we be instantly judge or get eye roll but she be so friendly and engage ... more
great stay love the see through shower . my reservation be confirm but not book . i be book extremely fast . the service be fast and very friendly . all smile . i enjoy play pool . the decor be fabulous and sheik
overall great stay . clean modern hotel with friendly staff . free internet . very nice breakfast with individualized order . room be very comfortable and modern . bathroom spacious . my first stay in aloft hotel . will return to this chain .
we be look for a nice hotel to stay for a couple of day and we want to take our dog for her first trip .. this be more than we expect personal so nice and attentive the place be so beautiful and dog treat we love this place
my favorite place in clearwater minute from the beach and shopping mall grocery store supermarket very clean room kitchen sleep bed tv o.m.g.beautiful ... i have so much fun at the pool you can even cook at the pool courtious service by the staff fred bonney catalina .. just ask and they get whatever you need grace and fonze be the owner and they be just great people.reasonable price for clearwater.my kid have a ball there.i stay for month s out of a year would not stay anywhe ... view morere else.heated pool ... i can go on and on but they be my review enjoy your stay i guarantee you will go back .... mike elsie and kidsview less
charming historical hotel in downtown historic hotel in downtown bradenton with beautiful lobby . friendly staff . my room be huge and well appoint . the complimentary breakfast be adequate but nothing special . very convenient just a few block from main street restaurant the museum and river walk .
call to get their websiter get new room and low rate toor 10 off for veteran and student
this motel be reasonably price have a great location beautiful pavilion complete with grill smoker and picnic table and easy access to the beach . the staff be friendly and the room be perfectly nice for an inexpensive getaway . will definitely stay here again . great job sea aire . keep it up
love it do not expect to be that great the owner be just wunderful love it and enjoy give them star anytime thank u guy so much can t wait to go back . best family vacation ever thank to the owner .
we enjoy our stay at the beast western royale in pasadena . the king suite be very clean and well appoint . they have a nice pool and spa area . there be restaurant within walk distance . the employee be all very friendly and helpful . breakfast be delightful fresh fruit sausage hash browns egg cereal waffle pancake . just about everything you may want .... more
excellent place to stay . cheryl make our family feel welcomed . proximity to all the entertainment and fun be absoluty perfect thank you for make our stay that much more enjoyable tony bev and boy
my family and i be overly pleased with the staff especially housekeep . travel with a 4 and 1 year old can be challenge and the staff assist with a couple bump in our trip and make us fall welcome . hope to return next year to run the marathon again .
i would stay again clean and comfortable . breakfast lady be super friendly and make sure everyone have what they want and be not rush to clear everything off the shelf like some place be . make us feel relaxed and welcome there . thank you
while nice look on the outside and in the lobby the room leave much to be desire upon check in we spend the next 15 minute chase and squish black bug around the floor . the mattress be very old and wear down quite lumpy with the edge collapse .
nice location friendly staff good breakfast and evening snack . room be clean parking lot be well light . one big thing for me be the dish and cook utinsil they we clean and well organized . i would love to stay again .
the place be great . we stay with a baseball team and it be a good time . the entire place be new and super clean . the front desk staff have a great attitude and treat guest right . they have complimentary water too .
this hotel be decent . the lobby be nice and have a sit area and computer with internet access . there be also free wifi . it have a hot tub and pool as well as a hot breakfast . the room be clean as expect and pretty spacious . there be a flat screen tv microwave and fridge as well . would stay again if ... more
brand new hotel and great staff we get the giant 2 queen suite ... the room be enormous quiet and a wonderful breakfast include great location and greet with wonderful courtesy . any question or concern be immediately take care of
three couple meet there for husband reunion of vietnam buddy . it be everything a group would want and more . great breakfast evening food be great drink be great dana and roger at desk be great and the whole staff be super friendly and always ask us if everything be ok and do we need anything . room be immaculate and location ... more
we usually stay in hilton product . i have read an article about drury and be intrigue so we decide to expand our horizon wow be i glad we do from the reservation clerk through the housekeeping staff everyone be friendly always smile eager to offer assistance . this be a somber trip as we have just lose our grandmother and have ... more
i spend two day here on a business trip have never stay in a drury before . this be a very pleasant surprise . staff be very friendly and accommodate help me out when a scheduling mixup my fault could have lead to serious difficulty . breakfast be very good and they even have a 5 00pm snack time with hot food popcorn etc .... more
we have find that drury hotel be usually very clean and updated . this hotel be very nice . staff be friendly and professional . generous with bath towel which be appreciate . excellent breakfast . free newspaper a bonus .
this be my second stay at one of drurys hotel . for the second time i be pleased with the well appoint room the excellent facility for group and the tasteful dcor find throughout the hotel . dog be allow to accompany guest provide these be well behaved and do not disturb other guest . there be an adequate and free dinner along with ... more
we stop at the drury inn on june 24th for a night as we head to south carolina . the drury inn be a pleasant surprise . it be a crowded night but everyone work could not have be nicer and efficient . we have a connect room with family which be so helpful . the complimentary drink be a nice surprise and the ... more
nice price very close to the mall fantastic staff nice and clean room very comfortable bed all over would we stay with drury again hope you open hotel in even more city . great concept with the free evening snack and free soda . we will be back .
this be a great deal . the amenity be awesome and include a cocktail hour with a hot bar . the location be ideal and the staff be excellent . the building be well maintain and the room be spacious comfortable and attractive .
we usually look for drury inn when we travel . this location be very convenient off the highway . i like the out door area by the pool . we have a great suite highly suggest the suite to family . the mall be across the parking lot and convenient .
when we come for a visit for a friend s wedding we choose this hotel base on its price an amenity for our group of 5 . our suite with its two bed and sofa bed be roomy and have everything we need for a good stay . the front room be rather dark without window but be comfortable . the bathroom be nice ... more
we be visit our hilton head hurricane matthew refugee friend and end up meet them and stay 4 night here . the front desk staff be wonderful especially dana mia lola and geneva . it be a packed hotel and the staff could not have be more friendly helpful and accommodating . they serve a hot free breakfast which be above average for ... more
have not stop at a drury inn in quite a while . the last time we do be not a good experience . but because of the review decide to give drury another chance . glad we do . do not hesitate to stop at this hotel .
mia meet us with a generous smile at the front desk as we check in to this spacious clean and wonderfully staff facility . drury inn a new and fully delightful discovery for this writer . hallway be well illuminate and the entire building be scrupulously maintain . economically price well appoint well light surgically clean room in excellent condition . bargain price include a kick back evening ... more
very happily surprised emerald greet us with a great big smile and patiently wait while i rearrange my wallet to find my aarp card and get us book into a beautiful suite . drury will definitely be a go to from now on thank to the fabulous service we receive on our first stay easy on off interstate access strong hot ... more
i have just discover the drury inn . we stay in the university one last year and recently the northlake location . you can not go wrong with either one . this drury inn like the other have a great staff . lola and ashley go above and beyond to make sure we have every thing we need . they be both an asset to ... more
this drury be in a good location right off 77 for a stop when drive south to fla or hilton head . the staff be friendly food be good . breakfast have hot and cold selection fruit and cereal . the 5 30 to 7 30 kickback varie but we have hot dog meatball pasta salad chip soup ... and free soda or 2 drink . no ... more
we stay here for one night on our way to northern virginia with our son s and their family . this be one of the better hotel we have stay in with the free drink free dinner and free breakfast it can t be beat . this hotel be super clean allow pet and be in an easy on and off from i 77 . there ... more
we stay here one night on our trip back to ohio from south carolina . every staff member be so welcoming and friendly the room be very clean comfortable and quiet . the food dinner and breakfast be simple delicious and please even our picky eater . the pool area be also clean . we really wish there be more drury inn to stay ... more
i stay here often and will not stay any place else . incredibly clean and superb staff . hotel be in the heart of shopping and dinning . much nicer than a hilton or marriott brand with outstanding breakfast and evening buffet that be include in the very affordable rate . try it once and i bet you never stay anywhere else while in ... more
lovely big room with big bed and the nicest bathroom i have see in all our hotel on this trip . sadly for us the pool be close for renovation and it would have be nice to cool off after a hot sunny day in california tour the wineyard . hotel however have a little courtyard with table and chair so a ... more
the access to the property be not very well mark so it be very easy to miss the turn into it upon first arrival . the window to the room would not open as it appear to be half of a slide window . the wood around the window be osb that be just paint . the door be very warped and drafty ... more
our one night at this roach motel be awful . while the manager on duty be very pleasant our room be less than satisfactory . there be no remote for the tv . the water in the bathroom run lukewarm in the shower and sink . two of our towel be a gross grey color . we ask for a non smoking room but clearly someone have be smoke in our room quite recently . worst of all the people on either side of us decide ... view more to stand outside and talk very loudly until midnight . they scream yell slam door and stomp back and forth for two hour . when we go to check out there be no one available . we have to leave without be properly check out . this roach motel be not worth the money .
nice room and friendly staff . breakfast be definitely a plus but nothing fancy . wifi be good .
myself and my daughter 11 have just spend 7 night at the amazing coconut waikiki hotel in honolulu our girlie holiday . 23rd october 2015 to 30th october 2015 . it be the first time to hawaii for both of us and it be one holiday that we will be repeat . oahu be the most relaxing destination that i have be ... more
front desk staff really embody the aloha spirit . chech in out be the smoothest process i ever experience . and they take the time to customize our accommodation . heated pool and fresh homemade waffle at continental breakfast be an unexpected treat . hotel be energy concious which i love about them . and what s not to love great location great service great time .
we love this place they try their best to make you feel at home even a free bottle of wine for our celebration it s so convenient to shopping mall and waikiki beach we get a mountain view room . u can not imagine how wonderful the view be . pretty mountain view great riverside ... sunshine in the morning . i mean it be way ... more
we stay there for our honeymoon and it be such a great experience . the front desk give us the mountain view room on 9th floor which have an awesome view of the ala wai canal and the mountain range . they also give us a complimentary bottle of red wine . the include breakfast have a good array of food . the location ... more
room be nice recently update and comfortable . the staff be great friendly and responsive . the location be walk distance to all the waikiki attraction such as the beach etc but far enough away that it be quiet .
we have a 3rd floor room mountain side view face ala wai blvd . the blvd . create noise constantly 24 7 with loud music loud motorcycle and car because it be a very busy street . the noise easily filter into the hotel room . sleep may be elusive for traveler that need quiet for sleep . it be possible that a room on a ... more
i actually book this hotel while i be on the plane to oahu . before i come i see that it have 4 star on yelp and pretty high rating here so i book a one night stay to check it out . check in be easy and monique be very welcoming and friendly i be a bit disappointed with the city view but ... more
we ve have many delightful visit to waikiki and stay in assorted hotel . coconut waikiki be our new favorite waikiki home the staff room and even the other guest be all just right . we re all look forward to many many happy return .
the coconut waikiki hotel be a great hotel . we definitely enjoy our stay here . i have originally request one king sized bed but we get 2 bed instead which work out as we have our 9 month old daughter with us . the room be bright and clean . the wifi be fast . the location itself be excellent it be close to ... more
the hotel be small but look newly renovate . i come with my boyfriend who be visit me from out of town and i live in hawaii so we decide to spend a night here . the hotel staff be very friendly and give us a room upgrade and a bottle of wine to share and enjoy on them for stay with ... more
the hotel be in a very nice residential street of waikiki which make it close enough to all the action but still walk distance to it all . the staff be very nice and attentive . i stay here after a long day of traveling and the staff could have not be any more accommodating . even give me an upgrade sleek fun ... more
awesome service tidy hygenic clean provide beach towel for free . great advice for restaurant from the front desk . easy to use washing machine and dryer 2 of each . complimentary coffee water toiletry . breakfast be nice and light . perfect for on the go . we have room 404 face the canal . i would definitely recommend ask for a room higher 5 ... more
we stay here for 5 night after a luxurious 10 night cruise around the hawaian island . the hotel be a basic tourist hotel clean and comfortable and the staff helpful . we struggle with the heat in the room as the air con be not very efficient . a basic fresh fruit cereal toast cake boil egg breakfast be available and the ... more
we only stay one night but enjoy our stay . the hotel be one of the cheaper option for decent accommodation in waikiki . staff be super friendly and efficient . they have the right attitude for the job they do . mike who sort luggage valet car be great a gem breakfast be not great for us but we be pretty fussy and ... more
my friend and i stay at this hotel earlier this month and could not have be happier with our choice the room be nice and very clean . we have a room with two bed overlook the mountain and canal and it be a good amount of space for the three of us . the location be exactly where we want to ... more
my husband and i go to hawaii to celebrate our honeymoon . when we search for hotel we find the coconut waikiki hotel which seem to look good on picture . once we arrive we get a whole other opinion about the hotel . staff be not friendly room be old fashioned pool be very small .. but the worst thing of all be ... more
we have a great stay at the hotel . very friendly staff and beautiful location just a few block back from the main street of shop . would highly recommend to anyone travel to waikiki . i would say that the friendly staff be what make our stay here most enjoyable .
i love stay at the coconut waikiki everybody be so friendly and helpful the breakfast be amazing and the room so relax i love wake up to the sunrise and how conveniently close the shop be . bar be down the street with great happy hour and the royal hawaiian center have plenty shop and a food court minute away from ... more
stay here as part of a bigger american adveture with my new husband the hotel be very centrally locate and very close to all the tre fancy shop and beach the staff be friendly and be always on hand to recommend good local restaurant . we have a mountain view room which be big and always keep clean and tidy . the ... more
we stay here because the price be right . location be ok just a quick walk to fre meyer the bus stop . staff be very friendly . room be tiny and old but clean which matter the most . no a c which may be ok on the other side but we be on the side face the sun and it be quite ... more
great downtown location with easy access to local business and downtown historical point . friendly staff with no frill comfortable accommodation at a fair price . within walk distance to downtown tourist attraction . easy to get to .
i m not really a big fan of this type of suite . the last thing i want to do on a vacation be cook or do dish . but i just ignore the kitchen area and the hotel be better than fine . the room be spotless . the bed be very comfortable . the amenity nice free wi fi be dependable that s unusual . i can not ... more
the room be clearly not vacuumed and the bathroom floor not clean either . bed be clean and fresh and bathroom counter sparkling . the room s door latch do not fully function when use from the outside and we have real trouble get into the room every time to the point of shoulder ram the door to get in . luckily half of ... more
i have stay at this hotel several time and every time something little be wrong but we overlook it . as i be check in the front desk manager tell me that my room be a problem room 312 because people smoke in it . she say there be a smoke smell and smoke burn . that be the least of the problem when ... more
the pool be out of order because the heat pump be not work yeah right it be because they do not want turn the heat on period.and breakfast be nothing what there picture advertise ewwww
get more than what you pay for hotel run well and good atmosphere . very accommodating .
my husband and i be on a mission to buy a new truck . we have drive several hour that night just to make it to tn . the staff be wonderful . the woman who greet us be very accommodate especially be that we didn t arrive until 2 30am . even upon leave early the next morning she tell us to stay longer the ... more
good price on the room the breakfast be fine but one of the room have bug . the replacement room appear to be bug free . i win t be go back .
this hotel meet hampton s high quality standard . room be comfortable and clean bed be great staff be friendly and helpful . this be why i stay at hampton s you know in advance of the quality of service . do not have a chance to use the pool or exercise area but there be a lovely walk trail around the hotel . we stay ... more
i travel to athens several time a year and have be for the past 14 or so year . i ve always try to stay in hotel in downtown . there aren t that many and this particular they be all book so i make reservation at the hampton inn . i ve never have any issue with this brand of hotel in the past but ... more
it be very clean and nice . it be more expensive than i normally pay . i be willing to sacrifice a good bit just to pay less but my aunt want to stay there . the staff be friendly and helpful . you will like it .
the chalet inn be price very reasonably the room be spacious with a lounge area . the lobby be rather quaint in term of interior decor . i arrive late at night at 1130pm a signboard tell me to check in at econolodge . luckily i see the signboard before my taxi leave . i redirect the taxidriver to econolodge at the bottom ... more
the room be outdate but yet cozy . love the fireplace in the room . even though no hot tub in our room we still have a relax time . blast from the past i would ask for or bring an extra blanket can get a little chilly if the fire place go out . will go back and stay again soon . room 213
if your look for a 5 star hotel keep look the chair be stain . if your look for a clean comfortable reasonably price room with a comfortable bed . here s the place . great location to restaurant for any type you could want . little hard to find because it s behind a convience store and a dairy queen .
we use this hotel for our overnight on the way to and from the summit bechtel reserve . this be a low price place that be close to sbr . the room be setup for 2 people so if you have 3 or more get towel at the office first . the bed be small and if you request a roll a way you will need to do it at the office when you get there .
unfortunately this hotel have no sound barrier between floor . noise from upstairs be constant and i do not sleep at all . bathroom shower surround be damage and door be dirty . the best positive be that the room be clean and update .
when i first see this motor inn i think there be now way i be stay at this place even though i have make reservation in advance . it need a lot of repair or maybe just rebuild the whole place . everything look very old and run down . the room itself be clean and comfortable and have all the necessary convenience .... more
i travel extensively and normally visit at least three state per month for work . hilton family hotel be my preference when i travel and i have stay at a lot of them . while not the fanciest hotel in their portfolio that would probably be the waldorf rome cavalieri where we stay two year ago the hampton inn and suit in ... more
the staff go above and beyond expectation . always ready to help . the breakfast always have something everyone want to eat . they never run out of food and the lady in the kicthen be very nice and helpful . she do an excellent job . the desk staff be very nice always smile and ask if there be anything they could do . the ... more
very clean hotel with friendly efficient staff . pool area be small but impeccably clean and enjoyable . the hot breakfast be delicious and include omelet and waffle as well as cereal bread pastry sausage hash browns hot chocolate etc ... location good with multiple store and restaurant nearby . the only minor flaw be the noise of the heat air system but definitely easy to ... more
quick check in clean and comfortable large room . very comfortable bed and pillow . complimentary breakfast be excellent for this type of hotel . my only suggestion be that they please stock some plain black tea only flavor tea be available . all staff we encounter be very friendly and welcoming .
the people at the front desk be rude and not helpful . if there be a concert the weekend you be look to book they just hang up on you . what do they care the hotel be already book . low class service .
have be stay here since they open in june . each visit be good . the room be clean and comfortable . miss not have the pancake machine work i would recommend this hotel . a very nice and new hotel .
no restaurant you still need to go to benvenuto at the holiday inn . but sparkle clean and new . nice staff and good location . basic and serviceable . no issue would probably choose to stay he again instead of the main hotel . short walk .
as soon as you enter this hotel you notice its not part of a national chain . this be a one off very hip hotel . its not just the look and feel of the place its the staff . whoever be run this place have instill a sense of pride in everyone who work there ... everyone . our room be fantastic with a whirlpool ... more
older hotel in dire need of update . i expect to see austin power come out of the bathroom .
the lady at the front desk be a bit rude . the gentleman that be there later in the evening be a blessing .
enjoy the pool and hot tub my grandkid especiallydid
the little cousin to hilton garden inn with just as much to offer . great location on the river and path for a morning jog or walk or kayak near restaurant friendly staff clean and spacious room and a nice breakfast . good for family or business travel .
spend a few night in bend and this place be fantastic . the location be right near the old mill district on the river which be a great spot . there be plenty of place to eat shop and cinema all within a stone throw . i believe you can hire bike and ride along the river as well . the location isn t too ... more
wonderful experience again . have stay here a lot and it be always pleasant . quiet good breakfast clean good pool . easy to get to a pleasure to experience . upholds hilton honors reputation . i do not know what else to say to reach 200 character . i think i ve cover everything .
this hotel exceed every need we have . we be expect mediocre at best and everything be 5 star . room be exceedingly clean . room be quiet . breakfast be unbelievable . check in and check out be a breeze
i tell any one in the area to stay here ... i stay here every time i m in the area ... it s great very clean and the staff be wonderful ... it s close to restaurant and really any place you want to go ... you just can t beat this hotel
our visit to this hotel be just wonderful it start with the cheerful greeting from the front desk clerk in the small and comfortable lobby . we be so pleased with our room the whole experience be just delightful . our adult child want to stay there on their way back to calif . because of our praise ... this place stay fairly book ... more
we have drive through grant pass or several time . this trip we be in town for a conference and when the host hotel be sell out we be refer to the riverside inn by the conference organizer . i look on the riverside inn website and decide to book directly . base upon the picture on line i must say i be ... more
my husband and i spend 4 night here . this be the place to be if you be tired of generic chain . peaceful comfortable and the owner be super nice people very friendly and accommodating . love every minute this be where will always stay while in grant pass .
poorly maintain facility . could be cute and quaint but need work . friendly staff and informative about area but can t make up for lack of care at motel . better place to stay for the money . right on river so view be nice .
stay in the hotel to try it out after very fond memory of stay in the staybridge suite in ballantyne nc i do a company relo and my family live in this hotel for 6 month just a great place . i travel to virginia for business quite frequently and want to try out a new hotel . i typically stay ... more
this hotel have an amazing staff from the gm to the front desk down to the breakfast and clean crew . my king suite be spacious and very clean the evening meal combine with ice cream social be amazing . reserved parking spot for ihg platinum and gold member be a plus . the free hot breakfast have everything you want plus yogurt ... more
i be very impressed with the room and feel like i be in an apartment . we stay in a 3 bed 2 bath suite as a way for all the bridesmaid to be in one place the night before the wedding . the live area be very cozy and even with five people we never feel short on room . the kitchen ... more
we stay for 11 night and this hotel be absolutely wonderful . we have a king suite with separate bedroom and it be contemporary comfortable and well appoint . the complimentary hot breakfast be plentiful and tasty . the complimentary guest laundry be an add bonus bring your own soap or buy in the pantry next to front desk . service with a smile from ... more
absolutely the best place to stay in el paso i will start with the front desk amazing everyone always go above and beyond to make sure you have an excellent stay . this hotel really be a home away from home and they like to make you feel special . breakfast outstanding always delicious a lot of variety . social hour mon . we would ... more
this hotel be much nicer than i be anticipate give the age and location . i stay here with a school group tour . they prepare a breakfast buffet that be very nice every morning . the room be fairly clean no sign of the dread bed bug . the bathroom be very small and have no hook anywhere so you couldn t hang up ... more
we recently have a block of room for our guest for our daughter s wedding . charlie and his efficient staff could not have be more helpful welcoming and accommodate to our need . all our guest comment on their friendliness and beautiful clean room . most of them take advantage of the inclusive breakfast next door at hayden s lakeside grill . although it be ... more
travel with my family for the 5a state championship in hillsboro but find almost all of the hotel in the area be full . find this little gem in forest grove and enjoy it far more than we expect to . the place be impeccably clean and the staff be excellent . my kid love the pool and the hot tub be great ... more
this be the place to stay if you be visit the university . great price if you book online at the discounter website very friendly hardworking staff . informative about the area . i will would stay there again .
not sure what people expect out of a 54 hotel but some of the review i read be ridiculous .... small bathroom what do people expect a dance floor i travel to corvallis nearly every month and have stay at nearly every hotel in town and while yes this place be date orange carpet it be very clean have extremely nice ... more
i have stay here many time . it be always very clean friendly and affordable . its a pretty new facility but the price be still low . my favorite thing be that they don t have fox news on in the lobby so i don t have to listen to hate speech while i get my breakfast .
ever since danny take over la quinta corsicana it have become an awesome hotel . it be clean beautiful and everyone be friendly and efficient . the pool be heat the spa be wonderful and it be pet friendly it be an excellent choice and we be so grateful for them
room be large bed be comfortable location be adequate . motel need some serious update . renovation be a must . outside area be dirty and customer be allow to work on their automobile in the parking lot . my spouse and i will not again stay again without some of these thing be fix .
be probably once a great place . need an overhaul . the room be large but poorly air condition . the pool be indoor outdoor which be pretty neat . the spa tub be old and need to be update . there be plenty of truck parking for 18 wheeler .
the hotel be fairly close to our destination . it be clean staff be friendly and helpful . breakfast be good . frozen entree for sale which be convient for traveler who didn t want to go out . no close restraunt close without cross the four lane highway . the bed leave a lot to be desire be lumpy and uncomfortable . we be on the first ... more
this be by far the best la quinta we have ever stay in . everything be new and up to date . extremely clean very nice friendly staff . this one actually serve a hot breakfast besides to token waffle . love the stay .
i have a great experience at this hotel . everybody be friendly and the room be very clean . i utilize the fitness center to help me maintain my work out regiment . kendra be my favorite employee . i would definitely stay here again because of the ease of access in location and friendly customer service .
come for a weekend with a child . the front desk staff be always friendly and helpful . breakfast be stock and ready . pool area be clean and the room be very nice . would definitely recommend . have no complaint at all . they be locate a little off the beat path but it be nice and quiet .
this be an excellent hotel . very clean and updated . nice comfortable bed and cover . the complimentary breakfast have a huge selection and something for everyone . the only draw back be it be on the expensive side but i guess you get what you pay for because i can t think of anything to complain about . lol .
best holiday inn we have stay in ever and we have stay in a few wonderful reception from the lady at the front desk we where upgrade to a suite and what a room big clean desk lounge everything you need when travel . this hotel will probably make the rest of our stay in hotel across the u.s . a ... more
this holiday inn express be very clean . the bed be super comfortable . the location be right off i 40 . you can take the rear exit and cross the highway to eat a fantastic meal at saltgrass steakhouse . the holiday inn offer wine and beer and snack in the lobby 5 30 7 30 pm . the next morning enjoy a really good cup of coffee .... more
it be obvious that this hie take great pride in their establishment and it show in all the little thing that they do . we check in late friday evening and be warmly and expertly greet comfortable room great breakfast .
if you love train you will be able to hear them all night long as they blare their horn and roar past the motel if you re a fan of thin pillow and rock hard bed you be home . on a positive note the room be clean and the towel be soft . not worth 60
i m drive back to nc from ri and i need to get some sleep . i check into this room and the front desk clerk be nice and prompt . as i walk into my room i hear the phone ring and it s the front desk ask me to keep the noise down i be all alone and just walk in this ... more
i stay here for one night because the official hotel for the trenton half be book by the time i know i would need a room . i ve have good experience at other comfort inn so i figure this be a safe choice . when i walk in the lobby look like it be under renovation . not a big deal . what be ... more
this hotel have a dirty pillow blood stain the shower be clog the breakfast be horrible and the staff seem unprofessional .
we have a reservation last month . on our way to this hotel my daughter get sick in the car . and we make the choice to return home and cancel our vacation we have sesame place and dutch wonderland in mind . we call comfort inn and explain our situation . our hotel booking be non refundable and obviously we call with less ... more
we be use this hotel for a family of 5 in conjunction with sesame place . the key factor for us be the include mini fridge not a simply cube it have to be large enough to accommodate a 6 year old 3 year old and 1 year old and a microwave as well as be large enough to include a pack ... more
every staff member very accommodate welcoming and friendly
after read the review about the alpine motel we decide to spend a night there on our way back to canada . we arrive shortly after 5 00 pm and check in to our room . the owner be quite pleasant and answer question concern dining and the weather which be very helpful . there be a small fridge and a microwave in the ... more
the room be nice and renovate . i try to adjust the air upon arrive in a room which be 85 degree . when we can back it be still the same and when we ask the desk they say the heat be still on and bring us a fan offer to give 10 off.we also pay for the room ... more
we have a king suite with sleeper sofa for three adult . we arrive at about 1 0 30 pm tired from our trip only to find out there be no sheet or pillow for the sleeper sofa . it take two trip to the desk to get what we need . then we discover that the sleeper sofa be hard as concrete . fold it ... more
this hotel be a splendid option for anyone who be to leave on a bus from the downtown area and look for an inexpensive way to spend their last night in the city . they even offer a free ymca pass if you want to use the facility across the street . it be a very comfortable stay and the staff make ... more
say they upgrade me .... i go from a singke king to a double bed room . not much of an upgrade
the photo be very misleading . the ceiling in my room and bathroom be fall and bathroom full of mold . i complain but be tell there be no other room available . i listen to numerous complaint from other guest while i wait in line to complain . the front desk gentleman be indifferent to the complaint and not much be resolve . i be in town for business and have never stay in a worse down town hotel and conference center in the hundred of city i ve travel to .
want a night sleep and it be non event weekend ask what time breakfast be have to make the attendent laugh get exactly what i expect a parking space a smoking room a bed a bathroom even a refrigerator thankyou pike motel
this hotel look new and appear to have be newly update . the breakfast area be very nice and have a homey feeling yet have a very contemporary style . the service at the front desk be speedy and very professional awesome reception with the friendliest staff . the room layout be very traditional go back to the older time . even with some sign of upgrade it feel to be a very old room . i think the dcor need to be better and the appliance upgrade . the first thing i spot enter the room be the throw pillow on the bed with what appear to be a large oil stain hope it be oil or grease in the smack center of the pillow face right at you . that sight alone make me think that the room upkeep be not up to par . i can not understand why the pillow be even leave for display in the room . the bathroom do not have a fan shower in it create a very steamy room that make the room mirror useless . water pressure be awesome and the fixture be all brand new . there be no complimentary bottled water in the room . there be no vend machine in the hotel however there be candy for sale prominently display in the main lobby . the breakfast offer be good and plentiful . as i be get ready for a biscuit the lady refill the biscuit tray rearrange the biscuit with her bare hand and then with her bare hand place new biscuit into the tray . after see it i change my mind about have the biscuit .
clean well furnished room with good amenity include minifridge and microwave . fitness room with up to date equipment . nice indoor pool with whirlpool hot tub . i be pleased to see there be a lift to help someone with mobility problem get into out of pool . staff be pleasant and professional .
i have book a room via a 3rd party but arrive late and the only room available be one for people with pet . i couldn t take that spring allergy would have have me sneeze all night in such a room . so the manager graciously give me a suite at the same price . nice service
this hotel be great our company hold their meeting there we have cater breakfast lunch and dinner by the hotel . at night after our meeting it be great to go to the casino and the tavern be a cool hangout place .
i be unsure about stay here after read some review . .staye 5 night for business . i find the room very nice . .bed comfortable . the soap and wash be high quality . .they give you 2 free bottle of water every day in your room . the restaurant bar downstairs be very good . .food excellent and a huge beer selection . .they even have ... more
i be on a long stay for work in the area and the staff be great .. treat us like family room be clean have a place to do laundry and plenty of near by restaurant . they do offer breakfast and do have open wifi but the wifi be much to be desire as it do need to be faster to ... more
i arrive very late and check in quickly thank to the gentleman at the front desk . he be very helpful as i have to move some box that need to remain at ambient temperature into my room . te room be perfect . it be very clean and quite roomy . the bathroom as other have mention may be on the small side ... more
stay here in october after run the tough mudder race in coatsville . staff be super helpful and enthusiastic . breakfast be awesome . the room be spacious quiet clean and well appoint . nice place .
we have stay at the warner many time . always clean very helpful staff and right in downtown west chester close to everything . limited parking on site but discount parking available near by . lot of nice shop and restaurant just walk out the front door . they tend to fill up fast so book early .
this motel will be the last place in washington pa i would ever stay again . the room say no smoking yet the bed spread and blanket have burn hole in them . the furniture be old and broken . the bathroom be newly finish yet have black mold on the wall .when i let them know at the front desk they really ... more
travel on business . check in be horrible . not very polite at all . nor very friendly . i specifically ask for a non smoking room . the put me into a smoking room with a ash tray on the table in the room . there be burn hole dog hair on the bed spread . i be very upset at this point . so i strip ... more
i hate write review like this as a guy that own a business but you really shouldn t stay here ... i know go into this that i be get a worker s hotel but i didn t expect the use condom leave in the garbage in my room or the window that didn t have lock . i appreciate the new carpet and counter and ... more
have a very good dinner take my husband for his birthday dinner.had seafood ravioli and wing very good . nice bar very lovely bartender.homecooke meal .
pay extra for the jacuzzi tub and it didn t even work . there be hair in the jacuzzi as well as the bath tub . staff repeatedly call priar to stay say my room wasn t go to be ready than say nevermind when i call back . the room be run down and dirty and the extra amenity pay for didn t work . breakfast ... more
everything be great . bed a little stiff something slightly softer would have be great . no bacon at breakfast bacon at breakfast would be an improvement also . everyone be very nice and the value be good .
courteous and helpful staff . very impressed by the cleanliness of the hotel . it be a little pricey but comparable to most hotel in the area . the gym be very clean and all of the equipment be very well keep .
my stay at this hotel be great . the staff be very nice and help me in everything i need . this hotel be conveniently locate and with many good restaurant to choose from . i wish the hotel provide with a shuttle service to local place . uber be a good second option . the room and pool be very clean . breakfast be a ... more
the room be very clean but the ac could not be control and we freeze at night . i could not turn it off and it run all night long . i didn t have time to get the staff to fix it so i just cover the vent with clothe to keep it from blow out so much . we be still cold . the pool be nice but the work out center be a joke and only on of three tread mill work . and there be no weight or anything else . the breakfast be a joke . there be only cereal and toast and that s it . we didn t even eat it we just go out on our way to our event .
it be ok i guess look be deceive
horrible horrible
it s will be my last time me in my family have the worse experience i ve ever have they lady at the desk be rude the maintenance guy whatever he be be rude in his hygiene be terrible also they keep pour bleach in bleach in the pool while my kid be in it only when we be in the pool tho they could have wait the room be small very very small the tv be too my room look like it be a run u just give away to someone i hate everything about the day inn i dnt know how my reservation be there i want the comfort suite that be across the street from the day inn i want my money back asap that be a waste of time in money to be treat bad and poorly omg
all be good except the breakfast . no option at all . leave and go to ihop
this be the most reasonably price hotel . it be understaffed to say the least . night desk clerk do not charge me for a roll away i need for 1 night . this be where the good news end . each day we have to ask for something that should have be in our room towel shampoo etc . our last night there we stand in a long line to ask for the cup that be not replace during housekeeping . i be give the address to wal mart to go and buy my own during breakfast they run out of spoon cereal be eat with a fork . i wish management would train and hire additional employee for better customer service
find coupon at rest stop . 55.00 include tax be reasonable . the property be older with some wear and tear . room be clean but nothing fancy . old style analog tv . adequate for a night s stay . staff friendly and helpful . easy to find . close to shopping and restaurant . right off the interstate .
initially a be quite satisfied with this hotel until checkout time i proceed to the room contain the continental breakfast which be miniscule to say the least . i decide against the breakfast and grab my cooler . we need ice for the the rest of the trip . a staff member yell at me for do this and say i be not ... more
we be a man s fellowship group that meet once a year at the cooper hill inn we have always enjoy a warm reception and good food for our group that can number up to 24 individual . charles and lee the inn keepers be gracious host and keep us well feed for the weekend .
very comfortable and relaxing .... but most of all the quietness and friendliness of the employee .
very friendly well staffed . nice size room with wood floor to avoid any doggie odor .
great place location and i appreciate the coffee available in the lobby .
it be great
i visit my old neighborhood for a few day . the clerk recognize me from a previous stay when i check in . hotel personnel call a cab twice with a rapid response . the computer in the business center wasn t work so they print my boarding pass at the front desk .
we stay here for an entire week while attend a family reunion right down the road . if you be look for the ritz keep look . if you be look for nice accommodation and a friendly family own place that be clean well located and moderately price in a beautiful area of the north fork of long island then this may ... more
just travel through and need a place to sleep . we could not have find a better place . wonderful staff what be leave . due to memorial weekend they have the housekeeping staff off on that monday what a great gesture clean comfortable bed nice pool and connect to perkin where receive a complementary breakfast . the only negative be we could hear other guest talk when we be in the bathroom and other noise from our room . easy on and off i 94 . 10 day road trip and this be one of the best .
every be pleasent and helpful . clean room the door could of use a some oil really noisy
every be pleasent and helpful . clean room the door could of use a some oil really noisy
the staff be extremely friendly and always great weary traveler with a smile . the check in process be seamless . ken and annie in guest service be personable and attentive to a traveler s need . one of my favorite place to stay
our family return to santa fe this last week for a summer visit . we be happy to be treat again with the same warm hospitality as our previous visit to the pecos trail inn . our room be always extremely clean . it be comfortable and cozy and the decor be perfect
we stop here without a reservation on our way to myrtle beach . the room be clean and comfortable with 2 queen bed and easy access on the first floor . this hotel be right off the highway and close to some decent restaurant . when we arrive they have a cooler full of lemon ice water and fresh popcorn . the breakfast be ... more
from the moment we walk in we be treat like royalty every.single.time we come back from whatever we be do we be greater with hello and how be you bed be comfy pillow be too . room be spacious . if i have one complaint it would be that the air conditioning blow right on to the queen bed closest to it . my husband fix that by sit a chair directly in front of it.we do not eat breakfast there but i d recommend another hour onto that 9 00 cutoff hotel be close to everything.we stay here and drive the 25 mile to mammoth cave and it be well worth it . you sure can t beat the 77 dollar a night for the service and cleanness of this hotel . thank so much bay mont of bowl green for make the last half of our mini vaca awesome
i know this be an old building . the room be not sound proof . i hear very clearly the conversation the mother be have with her child in the next room . the shower do not get hot warm enough but not hot .
room smell musty carpet and bedding have a sticky feel . pool out of order . keep drive and don t stop here .
i be direct to the rear entrance but be unable to use the key card to open the door . this be evidently true for everyone as i hear loud bang on the door until i check out . also awaken by loud talk in the hall and bark dog in the morning . room be clean and nicely furnish but cheap only ... more
i choose the hotel for the indoor pool . the indoor pool be closed . i get a non smoking room . the room smell of smoke as do my clothe later .
the hotel be in a good convenient area . it be clean . i make a reservation for 2 night and they neglect to tell me that the check out time be 11 a.m. . i decide to check out before the next day after 11 and the lady at the front desk be very rude and say that she tell me the check out time . i explain to her that she do not tell me the check out time and she would not refund my bill for the 2nd day .
the manager do everything to make our stay as easy as possible . very accommodating breakfast be great like at all the other one we stay in the room be a great size and set up for our family . i would highly recommend
front desk very helpful clean and good breakfast very easy to find just off i 95 walk distance to restaurant and civic center room be just what we need after a long day of drive down i95 very nice area in sc
this be the last stop on our marathon trip home from south florida . check in be a breeze and there be plentiful luggage cart to bring in our belonging . staff suggest a parking location that make unload a breeze . room be clean and spacious and breakfast be fully stock by the two cheerful staff member who be present . pool and ... more
i book a convention at the last minute and find the aloft incredibly affordable almost 90 dollar less than the hyatt and the westin . this be a new hotel and be in impeccable condition . the room be large with an large shower and bath area large desk for work . the staff be incredibly nice and invite the aloft ... more
excellent hospitality from check in to check out . great value . price include drink and light supper which be very child friendly and hot cold breakfast that will bring us back
the holiday inn in butte be a great new addition to the city . it s beautiful and brand new . the hotel be right off of the interestate and be close to nearly everything in town . i be impressed with the breakfast the hotel offer . it have more than the usual selection of breakfast food . there wasn t much for vegan and vegetarian ... more
this be our first time stay at a laquinta and it win t be our last . we travel across the united states twice a year from florida to bc canada and we will be stay at laquinta more . they be pet friendly have nice clean room the staff be wonderful and the breakfast be great .
thank you kayla clay amyjo and christina for always take care of my need . hotel be the top in butte . thank you for always have clean amenity . the bedroom be very clean the bed be very comfortable . great view of the mountain and the town from the room . i will be visit again thank to you
clean newly remodel hotel . quiet room and a helpful staff . breakfast be decent as far as hotel breakfast go and internet speed be better than average for a hotel as well . if you have to spend two week in a hotel there be worse place to do so .
we love this hotel it be a little further away from the hustle and bustle of the quarter which be perfect for us . we be in town for the football game so it be right in our budget for a quick overnight stay . the hotel be clean bed be comfy and everyone be super polite .
my hubby and i first stop here on july 28 and this be our 3rd time back since . we love the bloody mary s and the food have be great every time . they have just recently start to serve breakfast and it be very good . we will be back ... obviously .
this be a great stopover on our way to la . helpful staff . room be very nice . great for family travel . lancaster be a bit out of the way but it work fine for a late night and early morning . i be travel with 3 teen so the two room suite with 2 queen bed really help . comfy bed nice kitchenette .... more
the staff be very friendly but the room smell musty and the carpet feel dirty .
the guest service inform me that my service dog would not be able to stay in the handicap accessible room with me . he offer me a pet friendly room but it be not accessible . i use a wheelchair so this be an unreasonable option he finally contact a supervisor who ok d staying in the accessible room with my dog . upon enter the room the room be very tight . it be nearly impossible to maneuver past the bed . as a matter of fact i didn t. in the bathroom the toilet sit on the middle of the wall nothing as far as grab bar . for a customer with balance issue this make it hard to toilet independently . it be frustrating that the room be consider to be accessible i would be happy to consult with you to ensure that room be make accessible
we stay in a newly renovate room . it be very clean and very comfortable . wifi be free . there be an onsite computer for guest use . breakfast be adequate . coffee be good . the hotel consider the room rate and proximity to ammenitie and cleanliness it can not be beat .
very close to the soco district and st edward s university which be convenient since we be there to visit the school . look brand new . room be spacious and super clean .
go to the memorial day celebration at the texas state cemetery like we do every year close with a huge room and great staff kk donut in the hotel parking lot good pool and great breakfast as well
no cable no hot water . report to staff manager he say all of albert lea didn t have cable and hot water always work ... you just need to pull really hard on the faucet which i do . no apology just state we already offer the lowest price rate and i can t do anything about it i think i would take a chance since i be there for 1 night after read review . my advice don t do it after a long hard day of work a hot shower and cable be not expect too much .
we be the only people stay that night . across the road the hotel have many guest for that night ... tell you something do it not . also our room have a noisy fan and the heat be hard to control
the hotel smell funny there be no elevator there be no bar or chain on the door and it be hard to lock . the bed be on metal box . every time you move you sound like an old metal desk .
this hotel do not meet my expectation . the room be sparsely furnished and not clean . there be a bunch of hair behind the bathroom door where staff have not clean the bathroom properly . the bed squeak with every move and it be the only piece of furniture to sit on . the ceiling above us squeak as well . no desk no chair no in room coffee service and no place to sit and relax outside . the entry door keypad be completely bust and the parking lot be deteriorate badly . other chain have provide us far more comfort at the same price .
don t expect anything other than a fairly decent place to sleep . when we check in the two coffee pot be empty . we ask for another pillow and be tell one would be send to the room . we never get it . there be no tissue kleenex and don t expect complimentary shampoo and conditioner . in the morning when we check out the coffee pot be still empty . have say all that the room be clean and bed be pretty comfortable . bathroom be clean and shower be hot so if that s what you be look for you will be satisfied .
need a quiet place to spend the night during a cross country trip . this be in a quiet location and there be no noise hear from adjoin room . wifi work well and i get a good night sleep . this be all i look for in a hotel . would stay there again .
we visit uno s this past winter . the atmosphere be great the server be cutious and very nice people and the pizza be killer . the manager come out and ask us how we be this be always a good sign of a well run restaurant . the waitress take very good care of us and yes at the time there be not alot of business due to snowfall that day she do stop to have a conversation with us . the food be excellant very well garnished and flaverfull and i can not remember have deep ... view moredish pizza that great uno s be one of the best restaurant peoria il have to offer.view less
decide to stay at this hotel for convenience of walk to cat visitor center and to the riverfront . my first thought when i walk into the front desk area be that this hotel appear to be a nice quit place to relax . receive a little attitude from the front desk person when check into the hotel when i ask a ... more
i stay at the mark twain last week for business and be impressed . the front desk be friendly and helpful . the drink and breakfast coupon be awesome . breakfast be hot and delicious . there be buffet offering as well as make to order waffle and omlet . the bar tender be very accommodating . the room be clean and well decorate . close to ... more
this hotel have a historic mixed with modern ambiance . it s a few block from the illinois river with restaurant and the spirit of peoria riverboat . the staff be so nice and breakfast be wonderful . the bar have great entertainment too ...... ....................
the room be nice . a bit noisy with the train but didn t bother us . breakfast be not even worth mention . our biggest issue be that i call a week ahead to make sure the pool would be open which be the only reason we pick this hotel and be tell yes it would be open . we get there and go ... more
everything go as plan . nice free breakfast . the free wifi be a bit slow the tv cable have some quirk but be manageable no hd . the pool be bath temperature very warm . shower have nice pressure and the bed be firm but not hard . we have a problem one night with the lock on the bathroom door and the folk at the front desk be helpful .
we stay here end of july 2015 . we pick the room here because it be central to some place we be go on vacation . i don t know why this be rate at a 2 if you want a 5 star hotel then book a five star hotel hotel be very clean and updated . free breakfast be excellent . pool be nice . room be great . only downside be bed weren t the greatest . hotel staff be very friendly and helpful . can t beat the price and get all that anywhere else . be a small hotel which be fine for us . make it that much more homey . would definatly recommend stay here .
this be an upscale modern hotel with the camaraderie of a hostel . the huge lobby have a giant fireplace a billiard table and a full bar where guest be hang out and socialize . our room be attractive but smallish . the only hassle be that they charge for the breakfast on a per item basis which be mediocre quality and expensive . however ... more
this hotel be super the staff be friendly and very competent . the room be spacious and clean and the bed comfortable . the location be good and there be a restaurant around the corner . very quiet .
stay there just for a weekend trip for a wedding and be pleasantly surprised by how nice the hotel be for the price the breakfast in the morning be good for a hotel and for be include with plenty of option to choose from . the room be very clean the bed comfortable . all in all i would definitely stay here ... more
we check in on april 29 30 2016 and be look to enjoy a free breakfast as list on the website for this property . to our dismay it be not include and do not even offer free coffee in the lounge . my wife be tell it be in your room we stay at the fairfield inn in matthews nc two day ... more
we have drive by this property several time on our way to and from the gulf coast ... even watch it get build . we be come back from florabama with our 3 year old granddaughter and decide to splurge a little and take advantage of this hotel and it s indoor outdoor pool . everything about this place be 1st class ... good check in with toni nice ... more
drury plaza hotel in franklin tn provide you with everything you need for a stay away from home . it s comfortable clean and cozy in the room and suite . all the wonderful extra include the food and friendly staff make it possible to stay in your entire stay if you choose to . it s everything you need and more .
i travel alot on business and go back to the same place often and have a hotel that i think be good so stick with it . well this time i go on trip advisor first so this hotel be 1 and decide to give it a try . what can i say but it be a totally different experience . the hotel ... more
staff do a very nice job . the second location i have stay at and both experience have be great . close to downtown franklin 20 minute to downtown nashville . very quiet and comfortable . our stay at their location in findlay ohio be equal to this .
can t say enough about our stay at this drury . it be in a very convenient location to local attraction shopping and restaurant one attach to the hotel . the staff be helpful and cheerful and the place be spotless . very happy to see this chain expand to new area of the country .
this hotel be great the amenity be really nice . the bathroom be nice and have the best shower of any hotel i have ever stay at . i will certainly stay here again . all the staff be fantastic . teri and charlie during kickback be especially fantastic and help to make your stay fun .
while this be a very nice hotel i can t say that it be better than other in the area charge a lower price . consider how much they charge you d think they at least would offer a continental breakfast . breakfast here be 10thank you for your feedback we do offer a hilton honor program you be award point for each stay that offer great perk throughout the year please consider sign up .
one window open to walkway no cross ventilation . it s convenient and that s about it . free breakfast free snore nose strip
this place be old and dated . the bed be really uncomfortable . they put a thick pad on top of the mattress i guess to make it better . instead it just get wad up when you sleep . the coverlet on to of the bed be wear and pille and you don t even want to sit on it . the room have an odd smell . the breakfast buffet be pitiful . i m so glad we only have to spend one night here .
you get what you pay for . the room be old and beat up . i sleep all of 2 hour the whole night as i feel like there be bug crawl on me in the bed . i couldn t wait to get out of there . breakfast be .... a joke . spend the extra and stay at a better hotel .
we spend several day here as a rest stop on a long bicycle tour . the person at the desk be very helpful . we be check in well before the standard check in time . the room be spacious well arrange and comfortable . breakfast be tasty . cookie at 7 p.m. . convenient walk to great restaurant and wine taste room . clean room and great air ... more
for its price point best western walla walla be really pretty awesome . it s a short walk to downtown the room have an upscale decor and be very comfortable and clean the bed be excellent the front desk be helpful and the free breakfast be not bad at all decent selection by current standard which be admittedly not very high ... more
the motel be poorly manage and maintain . the smoking room reek of smoke and the non smoking room be not much better . expectation for a motel be naturally low and this fit below average for a motel . the management be disappointing at best . not worth your money or time .
what i expect
the sink keep back up . the bathtub leak . there be gnat fly around i think because of the clog drain . the air i on 60 degree and it never get cold in the room before it would cut off for very long period of time . go in the pool night before we leave break out the next day all over . jacuzzi be nice . room 118 beware
i have spend many visit at this hotel .. the staff be very friendly and helpful .. the room be spacious and always clean .. i always feel welcome there .. i be greet like a friend .. all remember me even housekeep .. the breakfast be always hot and ready for anyone .. there be always someone at the front desk for your every need .. i will return anytime ... more
i be extremely disappointed in the customer service i receive from the wait staff for breakfast it be the manager wife which be even worse she be very rude and nasty it be the way that she tell us that we have to have shoe on our foot to be in the breakfast area which it be not post anywhere ... more
if it wasn t for the carpet this would have be a decent place to stay carpet be chemically spray on and it add an irritate smell to the room watch out for people with respiratory issue . otherwise staff be helpful and friendly . location be not that great but it s an ok stop on the road with some restaurant within walk distance
as with many of my other review my love of the best western chain be once again confirm with this property . the staff be welcoming and friendly and the property and room be very clean throughout . these thing make a huge difference anytime you travel but especially when you travel for week at a time . this hotel and it s staff ... more
this be the place to stay if you be participate in an event at the kirkwood soccer complex . it be the closest hotel . more importantly it be a very nice hotel and the service can t be beat . i have a soccer team from the olympic develoment program spend the weekend there early march they be very accommodate very helpful and ... more
the stay be wonderful . room be clean and front desk be very peasant . good room and friendly service . housekeeping be wonderful . ms.dawn be one nice lady . when i tell her another girl didn t bring any towel and be over two hour ago . she didn t hesitate to bring us some . when she clean the room she never forget anything . perfect . the ... more
the first night i stay here it be on a thursday night . the rate be around 166.00 . if i would have stay friday night also the rate would have be 216.00 . this hotel be only about a 100.00 per night hotel . it just wasn t worth that kind of money for the quality . the front desk staff be very nice and ... more
this property definitely need renovation . dirty floor minimal cable tv no amenity other than free wifi work fine and free parking . everything have be use well which be not a positive statement . dirt in corner of room and window .
my friend and i stay at orange city motel while vacation in florida . staff be exceptionally friendly and helpful especially with give us direction to various attraction . the room be clean and comfortable . blue springs state park be about fifteen minute away and the main highway be also close . i recomend this hotel .
we spend 4 glorious day at this resort in deland for a family reunion . we have book eight room one of which front the river . from our first introduction to gary and tammy we know we have pick a great spot . they be very friendly and accommodate to our request . they go out of their way to insure everything be ... more
my fiance i go to visit friend live year round at riviera resort marina . we stay 3 night in room 113 . the room be everything we need plus more . two bed and a full kitchen for a really great price . we even have a partial water view . we fish the st . johns river lake beresford and catch ... more
this hotel be a great place for a relax family getaway . just step away from the soft sand beach . the pool be great . the staff be professional and friendly . i be particular about cleanliness and service but find this hotel satisfy in all area .
where do i start we have the most amazing stay at this beautiful property . we arrive dec 3rd and be greet by the awesome frontdesk staff . i have stay at this property a year ago and love it so much that i decide to bring my girlfriend with me on this trip for some relaxation . we be upgrade to ... more
this morning i call to inquire about the availability for a five night stay want to give this property another chance from a previous unpleasant experience . a couple of month ago i call to inquire about a stay and have experience poor customer service . at that time i write it off as perhaps the representative be have a bad day .... more
this hotel be probably the cleanest i ve ever see . not only lobby but picture in room be dust and clean every staff encounter be friendly and speak . only eat breakfast in the restaurant but everything be great . definitely will be return during warmer weather
i spend a lot of my life in hotel and i can say i hardly ever review them . the service at this location be so great though it be hard to not say anything . we recently have our meeting at this location and they take great care of us . ivana make the rental process easy and painless . then there be ... more
oh my we have no idea what to expect but when we arrive we be blow away . staff go out of their way to be friendly . martisha at the front desk make a first impression that never waver . the food from the grill by the pool be delicious the bed be comfortable . room be quiet at night . this quickly become ... more
we have go scallop with capt russ for the past four summer . it be truly one of our favorite activity . we always get our scallop limit . russ be so helpful knowledgeable and relaxed that we all can t wait to see him . we have send many group his way and everyone feel the same . scallop with native sun tours be a ... more
birthday s anniversary guy weekend and family visit all have be celebrate at the chart house . it all start with my girlfriend and i first visit there in the mid ninety and now we take our child and our dog with us . the view be some of the best balcony be huge and definitely use . we just love all the boat ... more
traffic in clearwater be frenetic get here but when we turn onto the street it be like a peaceful oasis . location be fabulous . it s a quick walk to the action but lovely and serene . room be bright and come as advertise . check in be quick and our room be ready early which be a treat . everyone be friendly and helpful .... more
my husband and i love behind the fence this time we stay in the red shutter room cabin . it be a wonderful romantic weekend the inn keepers carolyn larry be delightful they make us feel right at home the lagoon style pool be divine especially under the star . if you re a history buff you will love this place just remember ... more
i have an event to attend in palm beach and do not want to have to drive home late that evening . it be the perfect opportunity to stay at the colony . claude have take my reservation a few week before . he be delightful and victoria be just as helpful at check in . the decor and room be just what one may ... more
visit recently and have a lovely experience . staff be friendly and location be terrific . room have be recently redecorate and be really comfortable . i would highly recommend to anyone look for a spot in the middle of the town .
we arrive on a we would . for a 5 night stay to get together with family that live in florida . as soon as we arrive from nj which be 9 00 pm that evening we be greet immediately when we drive up in our rental car . valet parking with a doorman to greet us . within minute we be check in and off ... more
overall our stay be very nice and rexlaing staff be very nice room be nice and clean ...
this be a very nice hotel in a small town . very clean new and up to date . the staff be very friendly the place be clean and orderly . i d stay here again without hesitation . not much to do or eat in mulberry but take a 15 minute ride down the road to lakeland and you can find anything and everything ... more
dirty old soap on floor of shower real thin 2 towel only 1 2roll tp bed real soft lumpy no water glass smell moldy the ac be so noisy whenever it decide to cycle would wake up rip vanwinkle . i look for cheep and i get it .
the staff be very helpful and friendly and the room large clean and well appoint . we have nice linen too . breakfast be fine muffin bagel pastry toast hard boil egg juice cereal etc . very good price point . we have stay in too many red roof hotel to mention and this one definitely rank as one of the best one ... more
we ve stay at this hotel twice both time for basketball tournament for my daughter . the hotel be very clean and invite the staff be super nice the breakfast be good and it s in a central location . the provide toiletry be from bath bodywork nice quality costco be just behind the hotel so it s very convenient to fill up with ... more
everything about this brand new holiday inn sparkle from the artistic reception area to the inventively furnished breakfast room to the tasteful suite . all of the equipment be brand new and in great shape . catch it before the inevitable aging process staff be very welcoming . breakfast surprisingly good for a big chain hotel .
i have a wonderful stay at the abvi . the people be very nice and welcoming . the room be nice and clean.i have a enjoyable quiet night of sleep . i would come again and recommend it to other . it s a great location . quiet and clean .
front desk clerk mrs . khuu be always greet us with a friendly smile and courteous service . room here be clean free breakfast the safest place to get a fantastic rest for the night .
the lady at front desk be very friendly . man that help me with problem with the tv do not speak english very well n i have to tell him several time that i do not understand him . he keep tell me that the tv be ok but i still could not change the channel . after about he 5th time he ... more
rafael manager like to look into people window even with the blind close to see what you be up to while you be in your room . i appreciate the safety of his intention but i don t believe i ever sign up for that part of him be a manager . joseph male maid like to go into people room while they ... more
stay here overnight during thanksgiving .. i would have rather sleep outside i sleep on top of the cover because i be scared to get under them .. just let me do it this way hard bed flat pillow room smell horrible carpet be dirty toilet wouldn t flush room be horrible room be horrible ... more
we spend a night there while visit our daughter . the location be perfect for shopping dinning or sightseeing in sausalito and right next ferry terminal if you want to go over to sf . parking in the ferry terminal lot be easy and close but cost extra and it pay to the hotel . our room be small but very nicely do ... more
we recently stay in this beautiful hotel and hope to return some day it actually be a very pleasant surprise our room be beautiful and very spacious with a comfortable sit area . the staff be very helpful and the location be great . we be able to park right across the street and also could walk to some great place for ... more
only stay here 2 night but i d go back again in a minute it s only 16 room and they aren t huge but beautifully decorate . the owner and everyone at the desk go out of their way to make sure we enjoy our stay . the hotel be right across from the ferry terminal make it easy to go from san francisco ... more
we have the most expensive room overlook main street and it be a little noisy . we have a room on the side face the ferry once before and even though the room be small it be quieter . love that you can walk out the door and be able to walk to the restaurant and shop a little pricier ... more
will not stay again as they place pet friendly room along freeway section that have no sound wall barrier . then give earplug within the room with a complimentary note . a five cent earplug and you drop 170 a night to listen to a roaring freeway .
my family of 4 stay for 1 night for our 1 day trip to six flag . it be our first time stay at this motel we usually stay elsewhere but many of the hotel be book because of new year eve . i figure i d give this one a try since it mention it be recently remodel . first the location . this ... more
the staff be extraordinarily friendly and helpful breakfast be delicious they have this tasty citrus water that be to die for on the daily my room be clean fresh smelling and cozy . i couldn t have ask for a better stay and i will definitely stay at this wonderful hotel again five star .
backpack through cali stay mainly in hostels . this place be cheapest and i have to say it be brilliant . nice clean room powerful a c and breakfast be lovely recommend this place for sure dear benpark87 thank you so much for your kind comment we hope you decide to visit us again on your future journey . kind regard shawn jones general manager
i be meet by the most welcoming and friendly attendant i have ever encounter at the front desk for an easy check in . although the room be a bit small there be a gift bag of refreshment and water await me in my room as well as lemon infuse ice water all day in the lobby and fresh flower in ... more
this hotel give me room 232 next to the ice machine and the elevator . i stay 2 night a wednesday and a thursday . the room be pretty clean . the room be dark with insufficient electric lighting . there be a safe in the room that didn t work . the noise from the hall sound like a frat house with reveler course through ... more
the staff be helpful and friendly . perfect location so close to everything i would go back in a heart beat the room i get be off a gate private alley so there be no street noise . in the lobby they have booklet of all the fun thing to do in the area .
it s pretty obvious the owner be let this place run down while he collect exorbitant rate weekend for a room . my room be clean and very spacious . it also show sign of lone term neglect . the include breakfast have to be the worst i have encounter if all you want be a glass of orange juice they can handle ... more
in room tv very very old wifi do not work normally no coffee maker no hair dryer and everything old old old.location okay and very affordable the couple owner in their 70 be nice and friendly but they really need to improve to preserve business not just keep as it be . credit card still need to imprint by hand you do not see it often ... more
awesome place to stay . staff be friendly and helpful . the room be excellent plenty of space and well design and decorate . all the feature you could ask for . it s in a great location in the center of town and very close to the pier restaurant and bar . pismo brewing company right across the street . if you be look for a ... more
get away to enjoy family yet relax with the sight and sound of surf .
thoroughly enjoy our stay . staff be very helpful ground be clean we really enjoy the fire pit the breakfast and our whole experience . it be easy to get down to the beach you can even walk to local restaurant on the beach .
great view and amenity . beautiful weather for our stay . friendly staff and guest . pismo beach and surround area be great place to visit . overall it be a very pleasant and relaxing vacation . we plan to return to the sea crest the next time we visit pismo beach .
best vacation ever
this hotel be simply outstanding and we could not fault it . the location elevate above pismo beach have stunning beach and ocean view with superb well equip room a swim pool and hot tub surround the pool area with the add bonus of fantastic fire pit . the breakfast be excellent and without doubt you must build this into any west ... more
what a wonderful stay . it be our parent s 50 year anniversary and the hotel be amazing . the staff especially chris at the front desk with restaurant recommendation and a local florist that deliver flower that the hotel make sure where in the room when we arrive . also the champagne that be wait with the flower charge of 28 but the champagne be great . all of the front desk staff throughout the weekend be so accommodating . we will definitely be back .
we be in the area at another hotel which we find be under construction frustrate and upset we call seacrest and be able to book a room last minute . the room be ready and we be tell just to come in 10 a.m. able to transfer hotel get settle in early in a beautiful room and enjoy the gorgeous hotel their ... more
lovely location on a picturesque bluff overlook a broad golden beach this resort hotel s ample ground be also attractively landscape . the room be nicely decorate and very comfortable . the free continental breakfast be quite ample and there be a 24 hour coffee service in the lobby . all this should have lead to a very positive experience but ... for one there be no ... more
lot of outside sit area with ocean view . great breakfast with many option fresh fruit hard boil egg oatmeal cereal bagel etc . very nice setting .
very nice resort like experience . great amenity . well keep property and staff be very friendly . plenty of area to relax and enjoy the view of the ocean . highly recommend . lot of heater and fireplace if it get too cold . pool and spa area be spacious and very well maintain . there be a very good mix of couple and family with ... more
we have be come to the seacrest for about 35 year and now our child and grandchild be follow the tradition . since our grandchild be now college age we decide instead of give gift at christmas we would take the whole family to the seacrest right after christmas which we have do now for several year .. it amount to 5 ... more
great getaway
love it when we re about to enter the hotel as we drive down to the parking lot . palm tree blue sky ocean ... check in quick as always clean room with nice ocean view killer hot tub and pool ultra friendly customer service special thank to manny and especially sabrina hot cookie every afternoon good continental breakfast choice would like to have ... more
we arrive at the end of a long drive from la be greet by informative though not exactly welcome reception staff . the hotel overlook the beach the ocean which be great although a heavy mist make it a little chilly not so invite the hotel spread over several block with reception breakfast facility locate in the ... more
go for a couple of night with my wife and our 3 kid and all of us come back home with wonderful memory . we really enjoy have the opportunity to bbq our own dinner and enjoy our meal on the magnificent patio . room and all amenity very very clean .
the front staff as awesome and accommodate the room they put my family in be perfect . i would definitely recommend to friend and family and return . very close to everything . they also have bbq grill where you can bring your own food and use . great time .
we stay here as part of our road trip and find it to have nice room and view both from the pool area and room balcony . think we see more whale feed from the pool area than on the boat trip from monterrey . a little odd for us be the lack of a bar and room service only for drink .... more
visit for thanksgiving weekend with a few family to getaway and do some wine taste by the beach beautifully redone property . great location close to everything and convenient . breakfast include in the lobby and it be perfect not too much very clean and not yucky as most include breakfast can be and we get to eat it overlook the beach ... more
celebrate our 32nd anniversary . beautiful view huge pool and jacuzzi . great staff . may return for our 33rd
really great hotel good breakfast buffet and i love the fact they have a stairway go down to the beach area ... and the view of the ocean be fantastic . the only unfortunate thing be the weather wasn t in our favor to enjoy the hot tub and fire pit . i will be back
it s rare that we ever stay in an independent hotel but that s mostly what you find in pismo beach . from the first greeting to every contact with staff the customer service be excellent . the hotel have obviously be remodel and the decor and room be very competitive to a marriott courtyard . the location be great and hotel have a stairway ... more
group of 4 young adult travel through california we stay here for 2 night . room be upgrade on arrival for free as it be my birthday . 10 min walk down the beautiful beach to all the restaurant and a little town . breakfast be brilliant selection for a continental breakfast that s include . two huge hot tub that be beautiful to sit ... more
if you want a stunning ocean front view friendly staff beautiful ground and pamper room seacrest ocean front hotel be the place to be we have be come to seacrest for year but this latest stay really top it all . we be give a spa deluxe room with a fantastic view the room be spotless and not one thing be ... more
the location feel like a small paradise . the view be breathtake . beautiful sunset . while there be a lot of stair down to the beach they be real stair build and provide by seacrest . the beach feel like a private beach . downtown and the pier be walk distance from seacrest along the beach.no need to go anywhere . it would be nice ... more
3rd floor ocean view deluxe room make great memory with my significant other . they give us a free breakfast down the road and they let us check out a little later . overall this be a great experience and i would definitely stay here again .
with no great expectation we stay at sea crest as a stop over on our way to lax . we be very happy with the well appoint room with a beautiful view . the staff be helpful and breakfast on the verandah overlook the ocean be great . it appear sll room have a view of the ocean but the 4 storey block ... more
come here this past week with the kid and dog . book a pet friendly room on 2 different night . there be a nice small dog bed and dish in the closet for you to use during your stay . if your pet be more than 20 lb the bed will probably be too small . there be a 25.00 extra charge per ... more
my husband and i have a relaxing time . our room be overlook the ocean . the room be spotless and the staff be very cordial and accommodating . the hotel be close to downtown so you have access to shop and restaurant . we will definitely return to seacrest
my wife decide we should stay in pismo beach and this hotel be right on the water and be completely great . friendly staff beautiful room great view . excellent continental breakfast excellent restaurant advice . we be delighted .
have a really lovely time at seacrest oceanfront . we weren t overly happy with the first oceanfront room as the balcony be small and restrict the view so we be delighted to be move to a ground floor room . the little extra add to the experience . the breakfast be good the afternoon cookie enjoy and the staff very helpful . best ... more
we have a great time enjoy the great service and how we be able to walk right to the beach . the breakfast in the morning be great we would recommend it to our friend . we can t wait to come back again
hotel do not honor our online booking . we pay for an oceanview room and be give a room with a view only stand on the balcony front desk refuse to change or refund our pay charge . would not stay here again very poor service
great location with lot to do . the staff and service be a . facility be very accommodating with bbq s fire pit and several area to just relax . beach be accessible although the stair a slightly steep . we will definitely go back
ask for a ocean view do not get but pay full price
the tv be out of order and only 1 set of wash clothe in the room for 2 occupancy .
i like come here just because i need a clean and close place to sleep in the city .
we have a good stay at the lincoln plaza hotel . the hotel decor be a bit outdated so it be kind of like step back into the 1980 s. but everything else be just fine about our stay . the check in process be quick and easy . the staff be friendly . our room be clean and comfortable . there be a refrigerator in the room for keep item chill . there be a coffee maker as well with both tea and coffee . the bathroom be small but everything work just fine . we need extra towel and a visit to the front desk to ask for them have the towel deliver to our room in about five minute . the hotel be locate in the middle of monterey park which be a majority asian populated city . if you have an issue with be serve by asian staff surround by asian guest and have people in your hotel speak a different language with each other when they be not speak with you then you may have issue stay at this hotel . but if you would like a clean comfortable budget friendly place to stay when in the los angeles area the lincoln plaza hotel should work nicely for you .
nothing thing be nice worst hotel i have ever in my life
the location be convenient for my friend since they speak limited english there be lot of chinese restaurant and store within walk distance . the hotel service be terrible we wait at lobby for almost two hour before they can check us in because they be have trouble find available room we make the reservation week ago and i expect the room be ready when we arrive .
the staff have no manner the room be dirty pillow be ste the elevator have water we need to bring our luggage up to get out of the dirty water .
the old aztec hotel on foothill blvd route 66 be a gem back in its day . unfortunately for the past ten year while the hotel be under poor management it be never maintain . the entire establishment be dirty and run down . the room be very small which be typical for hotel during that era . some staff be friendly other be not willing to help when need . bar be a local hangout with a pretty good band . the property need a complete overhaul .
92.50 for the smallest dirtiest hideous smoke smell room i ve ever stay in . management be white trash and extremely rude to customer . there be no reason to ever stay in this hotel it s garbage and should not be open to the public .
i be in town for a quick trip to attend a family event want to save money be near the event and get sleep and a shower . the hotel staff be friendly and parking be convenient and include in the room rate . this be a simple older 2 story walk up motel with room that face the parking lot that probably hasn t ... more
my family and i book this hotel for 5 night through booking.com while in town for the la marathon . it be a great deal close to dodger stadium for the start have free wifi and breakfast and the price be better than most we have be see in town about this time . it be quiet the room be very clean ... more
great new hotel with amazing access to shopping and some nightlife not to mention day time beach trip if you get a higher floor you can see the entire boardwalk and down the coast in both direction . pretty funny to watch the great hb police case off the night time beach goer
great room we come to scottsdale to sight see service be great front desk house keeping and the bistro mauro and ed be great go out of there way to make us feel comfortable hotel be very quiet .
i be not surprise by the excellent service and individual attention which be give to me other wedding guest that stay at this lovely property . marriott be know for its excellent service and attention to detail regard its guest . the accommodation be always immaculately maintain the front desk staff be always willing to assist regard any reasonable request . i be a travel concierge because of their stalwart commitment to service i will continue to recommend the courtyard by marriott to my client . lisa and jean welcome me and additional family member and ensure that we be well informed regard shopping opportunity close by . we be avail of their free shuttle service within a 3 mile radius throughout our stay . friend and family be all there to attend my daughter s wedding just a few mile away their individual attention to each party member make my stay at salt river especially exceptional . while the entire hotel staff be amazing i can t begin to bestow the appropriate amount of gratitude and praise lisa and jean deserve for their unrivaled professionalism and basic kindness ... well do
i can t say enough good thing about this hotel . first off the staff every single staff member be helpful courteous and go out of their way to go extra mile to make sure our stay be great . the housekeeper even take the time to arrange my kid stuff animal in fun and creative way . second this be the cleanest hotel i ve ever stay at . i m a slight germ a phobe so hotel room can bother me . i be so comfortable in the room because it be so clean . third the breakfast be good and have a nice variety . lastly the little touch like the lemon water at foyer the milk and cookie at 8 each night and the treasure box for the kid at check out all make the stay extra memorable . thank you for a wonderful stay . heather
this be by far the best hampton inn my wife and i have ever stay in and we ve be in quite a few . for that matter it s one of the best of its class among all of the hotel we ve known . we have a nice clean suite quiet well light neatly arrange with a desk divider between the very comfortable bed and the sit area . staff be friendly and polite the breakfast good price reasonable . little note leave by the cleaner be a nice touch . our only complaint be that the wireless internet keep drop out on checkout the desk clerk apologize and say that the hotel have be try to solve this problem our room also have an ethernet cable unusual these day but i hadn t bring an adapter for my laptop . in spite of this not enough to affect the rating highly recommend
we stay here every time we visit palestine . the pool be warm and salt filter so no chlorine burn eye . we love make hot waffle at the complimentary hot breakfast . the staff be friendly smart and helpful . the bed be soft and cozy . everything be spotlessly clean . you just couldn t ask for anything more .
very nice hampton . we have a king suite on the first floor . it be the newer style hampton room . very large and spacious . close to restaurant . walmart nearby . try switch pizza for a local dining experience . small local pizza . also near applebees subway mcdonalds . 0 minute to texas state railroad . it be near a train track so we do hear ... more
i have my wedding at elmwood garden in palestine and reserve a large block of room for my wedding . the room be large and comfortable . they have great breakfast and they even let my guest and i hang out in the lobby after the wedding it be so much fun and the service be great in the week lead up ... more
room seem to be brand new very clean and be perfect . be completely 100 and more satisfied . the staff there be so friendly and nice i want to mention their name . lindsey amanda u baylie and alex patel ........ they be amazing .
i be pass through town and need to stay the night . this hotel be company approve and very inviting . the front desk clerk be welcome to a weary traveler and the room be nice and clean . i would recommend . the breakfest offering be better than other hotel and the business center be clean and well stock .
the hotel feature several wonderful amenity . the hotel look like it be a brand new hotel in a five star city . very classic and elegant feature . very friendly hotel staff very well maintain facility easy access to hotel great breakfast selection and friendly service staff here as well overall a wonderful experience . highly recommended ...
the restaurant have a nice vibe . staff be friendly and competent . wine list a bit too simple . food be good . the hotel be just average . carpet in our room sorely in need of a cleaning . bed be comfy but a double when a queen be pretty standard today . bathroom be very very clean . all room be very small . internet sketchy .
have dinner here with friend . try the burger and all of us love them i have the california burger and would recommended it with the sweet potato fry . great service friendly staff .
new owner keith and denise have do a great job continue the high level of hospitality and excellence . this bb have amazing view from its back porch complete with mountain view bunny and quail . breakfast be hot and delicious there be an ice machine complementary soda snack and fresh bake cookie in the evening . zorro the adorable pooch be well ... more
look to travel to the southwest . look no furthur than chocalate turtle bed breakfast in corrale . the amount of award they have receive be numerous and all really deserved . from the amazing setting and home when you first arrive with the most gracious innkeeper you will ever find to really comfortable room with everything you need . abundant snack drink ... more
the chocolate turtle may be the best b b i have ever have the pleasure of stay in . every possible need of traveler be anticipate . the property locate in the small rural community of corrale nm be a treat for those who enjoy southwestern style architecture and plant . albuquerque nm be a very short drive away . the host of ... more
we stay with keith denise zoro the final weekend of ballon fiesta 10 15 . to say their bb be perfect in every way that they be delightful helpful host doesn t do it justice the room be beautiful nicely furnish comfortable bed clean the whole home be beautifully decorate furnish . the breakfast be outstanding from the food to ... more
two awesome innkeeper have provide the most beautiful wedding for my daughter and her husband . comfortable intimate relax organize bed and breakfast the blending of two new family from different part of the us in the most gorgeous setting . denise and keith make me feel at home . can t thank them enough marjean t.
stay here for one night while in town to see a show . as note the staff be very friendly . even though i wouldn t call it a wine taste the little happy hour they provide be unique and a cute amenity . our room be small but that be expect . plus it be clean . more than anything free wi fi be always a ... more
my wife and i stay over the weekend the long beach grand prix . although the room be small they be very clean and comfortable . we love the very quiet air conditioner.the staff be wonderful . would absolutely stay again and plan to return
i always return to the varden when travel to south la and orange county . the location be convenient and centrally locate parking be easy service be great and the hotel and room be extremely clean .
i choose this place due to the trip advisor review and i can agree that it be a great little place . i be travel by myself for work and i be immediately make very welcome . the room be clean and tidy and the bed be super comfortable . every evening the staff put out some wine and nibble from 5 7 p.m. . i ... more
i be only here for one night before a cruise and it could not have be better . the room be small but clean and the staff could not have be more accommodating . it be very close to attraction bar restaurant and shopping . i would recommend it and would stay here again . for be small they provide a very good selection ... more
come to long beach from the bay area for a business meeting and hadn t stay there in a long time . check ta and pick this small boutique hotel for it s location and reasonable price . i have a nice stay but need a little help with a business travel card related issue . bottom line be that they go out of their ... more
this boutique hotel have excellent customer service and a personal one on one experience for all the visitor . all of the staff will gladly accommodate all of your special request include extra pillow and more ice the daily happy hour be worth check out to meet all the other guest and offer many opportunity to make new friend and share ... more
this be hand down one of the best hotel i ve ever stay at . grant i wasn t spending a lot of time around a pool or in my room but its locate nicely and have amazing bed . the most important factor be the customer service . when i pull into this hotel in my taxi the staff be out the door to ... more
on the up side the staff be very helpful and welcome the room be very clean the bed very comfortable and the breakfast selection fresh and good quality . within a block there be a stop for the free long beach shuttle bus as well as a stop for the regional transit light rail . on the downside the room and public ... more
i can see why this place be 1 on trip advisor . the best and most friendly kind care catering and professional service i have ever receive . it s not on the water but in a great part of town close to restaurant and bar and shopping . the room be clean and comfortable . i would stay there everyone if i could . thank ... more
book this hotel as our first stop on our usa roadtrip base on budget so do not have any expectation on arrival . we drive there from lax and it be a very easy drive sit nav get us there in no time . from the second we step into the hotel reception area we be greet by the most welcoming staff ever .... more
probably the worst ever . incredibly distasteful . no hot water . inoperable phone in room . overcharge for parking . deceptive pricing . no bathroom in room . discourteous staff . the list go on and on . the hotel itself isn t so bad and it s in a very good location . it could be a nice place and look like a quaint old hotel . don t understand the way ... more
0 star noe mangementt flithy room stain ugs mold midew wifi only in lbbby water leak in coset from plumb upstairs maid want money for towel and tolet paper desk people will cheat you for day deposit or damage check your room first see all equip . work before checkin stil stanking water along outside of building breed mosquitot rat can be see late at night they carry flea check your ankle also some time bed bug owner julian or nathaniel owens hides do not confront complainent also own orange wilshire hotel ph . number be you can smell the stench from office window room and hall stink people check in and check right back out demand money back owner spray perfume in morning to cover up donot use gas in wall heater they be faulty fire alarm will go in night if you pay for parking demand your own key card do not accept hownse card they be only alotted so many key card room in back unbearablly noisy room on left side noisy kit . help 12 to 3 a.m. woman professional do business several long time resident get drunk regularly on front porch if our computor show other use your ip address email fbi los angeles check with police dept . man enter female room from outside alley homeless regularly use alley as short cut beware if you do not tip maid beware identity theft be thorough mention your favorite product or service offer by this business such as menu item home delivery or spa treatment . be local identify the neighborhood where the business be locate and mention nearby attraction when relevant .
very friendly helpful staff . the facility however be somewhat run down and in need of maintenance . location and value be a plus but be disappoint in quality of room and that the pool be under construction .
the location be great . the room have some very nice touch bose wave radio the ability to open the window a bit nice view marble bathroom with a tv build into the mirror good selection of snack and drink for purchase . the room and hotel be spotless staff very friendly and helpful . i would highly recommend and will stay again .
i stay at the hotel while attend the harvard lev program . the room be luxurious spacious and have all the comfort need for this busy week . wifi be a little inconsistent but not too challenging . i would definitely stay again the next time i m in cambridge .
i m a cambridge native . it use to be during the 1950 that work class people live next to the academic and professional . cambridge have a small town feel and it be affordable for everyone . that s no longer the case . the charles hotel be pricey but not much more than less grand place in cambridge especially if you get the package ... more
nice property and room but the service be awful . hard to get attention from front desk . multiple request need to get issue resolve . it s a big hotel but doesn t have the customer service need .
i spend 10 day here in may my third visit . i have a great room look out over cambridge . the room be large clean quiet and comfortable . the location be great close to harvard shops restaurant the t the river etc . the staff be very helpful . the restaurant be good for breakfast and meal . the fitness centre be ... more
we spend one night in cambridge and the charles hotel be a perfect choice . our room be on the 10th floor in their renovate section . it be spacious comfortable and very nicely appoint . the concierge be very helpful in let us know how we should make our way down to the firework . we be also give a late checkout to ... more
we stay here every time we re in cambridge . it s just a stone s throw from the harvard kennedy school of government so the location be perfect . on this visit our room have a great view we could almost see the river . the hotel be contemporary but not in a cold overly sleek way . it have several restaurant one of which occasionally double ... more
stay at the charles hotel over christmas new year with the family . the room staff and hotel in general be brilliant . i particularly recommend the hotel restaurant henrietta s table serve marvellous locally source food .
room be comfortable with a lovely view and well light with natural light.it be quiet and nearby be some very good restaurant . great location for family vacation . will return wherever we visit boston again
great hotel with great proximity to cambridge and harvard . restaurant service and gym be fantastic . pricey but generally worth it . connect to large independent fitness club so no fear of arrive in the morning and find all the equipment take . henrietta s table restaurant be great for breakfast either business breakfast or with family .
have a great time at our friend and mentor s 90th birthday party it be great see so many old friend and acquaintance . set be great at regattabar food exceptionally good . we stay one day beyond the block reservation period your reservation staff be good in accommodate a lower rate than the exorbitant rack rate over twice the block rate for ... more
we have a standard room at the charles hotel but i be so impressed with the use of space i may as well have be in a suite there be plenty of room for both my husband and i to be comfortable with our own space for computer read . the furniture be very functional for living and very ... more
the staff be very professional and courteous . they provide excellent service like the shuttle and give excellent recommendation for nearby restaurant . they even give me walk direction on how to get to the restaurant and even offer the shuttle . my room be clean .
this be always our favorite place to stay in madison despite the parking difficulty . the hotel be very noisy as the building have many hard surface . the mattress on our bed be lumpy and need replace . as a hotel that allow pet they should do a better job of clean the room . i love dog but be very allergic to ... more
great place to stay in madison . the room be very quiet and clean . the bed be very comfortable and the shower be fabulous . our large dog love the special dog treat bag they each receive which be a thoughtful addition to the room package we will be back
hotel red be a stylish and comfortable hotel in madison right near campus . it be the nicest hotel in the area and have all the amenity . there be off street parking . i only have a short stay but i find the room very quiet and comfortable .
we be excited to stay close to the mcclain center to see our son play soccer for uw . room be unique but just ok otherwise . breakfast be terrible and take forever . waitress volunteer to pay . would not recommend . the dog friendly thing be a big turn off .
we do a girl night there and it be our first time stay . the location be easy to find and great parking . once we enter the hotel it feel like you be in someone s home . the front desk staff be so wonderful and helpful plan our night out . they leave no attention to detail unnoticed . we start our night out ... more
as i mention previously we enjoy our stay at hotel red . this have probably be our 10th time we have select hotel red for our madison lodge . hotel red offer a unique boutique hotel experience versus the mundane chain hotel .
my sister and i stay at the hotelre while a family member be in a local hospital . we find the hotel to be an oasis in our otherwise very stressful day . the lobby bar restaurant area be very well decorate minimalist yet very inviting . our upgrade suite be beautiful and exceptionally clean . the cement floor be a welcome feature as i ... more
great boutique hotel great location . we be able to bring our dog so it be such a easy stay . room be very large with a great balcony face camp randell . really nice restaurant for breakfast the next morning .
this hotel be in a great location and very roomy . many of the room have a patio where you can enjoy coffee in the morning or a cocktail in the afternoon . there be a nice bar and restaurant on site and walk randall statium be a cross the street .
we hadn t be able to return to gloucester for a few year but we find the atlantis to be just as well keep and comfortable as we have year ago . beautiful location and beautiful ocean view the staff be friendly and helpful
this year i go myself over a blustery weekend in late june . in the past we have stay here many time . outstanding view . room be always in tip top shape the same for all common space and ground . friendly accommodate staff . a wonderful breakfast room as well . you can count on the atlantis .
this place be truly beautiful relax and accommodate inn be very clean and neat . the room be all walk through . so you have a front door and a back door with a screen so you can sit and out back and look and out on the water . fresh chocolate chip cookie at the desk . friendly service could not ask for ... more
contact this hotel last minute and hotel rep steve be most helpful and patient in accommodate our need . great location lovely clean room and overall great facility . thank you steve your time and help be much appreciate .
absolutely beautiful inn the bed be like sleep on a cloud staff be wonderful i m die to stay there again very close to the train only minute from fenway park beautiful neighborhood
we be look for a place to stay outside of boston and all the motel in this area seem to be full . we find this one overprice but think we have no choice . we positively hate it and move to the all new motel 6 for the rest of our stay . it be cheaper much newer and cleaner .
my husband and i along with 2 other couple book a night at the lyttleton inn for convenience purpose . we be go to a local music venue and live a little over an hour away . we decide to make a night of it and find the lyttleton inn . it be an unexpected surprise . a quaint new england inn furnish with ... more
our room be charm with a comfortable bed and a small but perfectly adequate ensuite also good wifi signal . the owner host be welcome friendly and helpful without be intrusive and the breakfast provide the next morning be superb . hiking trail be nearby or take a stroll around town . would definitely stay here again . tip before booking room find out if it ... more
just come back from the littleton inn . my fianc and i be not usually bb type but this place look adorable the inn be excellent mary be great quaint little new england bb at it s best . hope to go back in the very near future . not enough good thing to say .
our family have an awesome experience here just incredibly clean and up to date suite . love the kitchenette . very quiet and safe . comfortable bed and a polite staff . very affordable . will come again
great place to stay they have everything you need for an extended stay or just one night . all the comfort of home . good for a family or just by yourself . my son go to college in beverly mass and i have stay at another hotel here but this will be my go to for now on when i m drop him off ... more
first off the bed be super comfortable . but ... room cleanliness could be better linen stain breakfast worse than most on the very end of strip border sketchy neighbor . lot of other choice in area .
this hotel be fantastic the staff be great and go above and beyond for the guest . extremely clean and the place look brand new the staff obviously take a lot of pride . the only thing that be lack be the breakfast but that s a give at most hotel .
we stay at this best western in mid march and be pleasantly surprised at how nice it be for not be a high end hotel . it be on a busy route and be not in a scenic spot but it be handy to the highway to area attraction . most importantly it be neat and clean and look like the decor have recently ... more
this hotel be very nice for everett look new . the breakfast be amazing . however the employee be not helpful to guest . when i check in i ask for two queen the lady at the front tell me that she do not have any . i question why when i just make the reservation a few hour ago it show available queen .... more
they be very accommodating . we have a business meeting in seattle and we have to travel there with our toddler . the pack n play be already set up in the room when we get there . the internet be easy to connect and pain free . the room be clean . overall a very good experience .
be really excited to stay in a historical hotel . get in very late and request a very quite room . be inform that there would be no one at the front desk after 11 00 . get in my room and settle in noticed toothpaste in the sink hair on the floor and in the tub but of course by this time there be no one at the front desk .. turn the tv off and go to bed but the music from the nightclub keep me awake until they close at 2 am . i will never stay there again very disappointed
room have wall paper and curtain fall down plus blanket be dirty . can deal with that but we have no heat and maintenence staff would not be back until the morning . room be freeze cold . i have picture if expedia want to see them . remove this hotel from your listing please .
we be on the road and book this right before midnight . really the only hotel available at that time . quaint hotel in an adorable town but we have a truck with 18 foot trailer no parking we park 3 block away on the street no problem the hotel have a few bar and there be defiantly some parting go on but you could not hear it from our room hotel have elevator but be not work at that time and we have to climb one big set of step room be clean but old and charming think we have a spirit that mess with my night lite but be friendly nice breakfast in the am coffee be amazing food be nicely prepared and fresh desk clerk at midnight be very nice and accommodate forget his name sorry would love to come back to explore this town and would defiantly stay here again
its old wear out and a bit dingy . centrally locate amongst a number of good bar and place to eat be the only reason i stay here . at least the sheet be always clean .
wow i should have listen to the other review . we just need a place to stay for one night and we think we would give this place a chance after hear it be recently remodel . the smell when you walk in the hall be horrible and dirty smelling . it become even worse when we enter our room . the bathroom smell ... more
very basic hotel . adequate if all you want be to sleep especially if only for one night . reasonably clean but not great . old and in need of renovation . location be pretty good adjacent to a restaurant bar and close to store restaurant and attraction . if you have the budget you may wish to spring for a better hotel there be several ... more
this hotel be clean and comfortable my two biggest priority for a hotel . the staff be courteous and go out of their way to accommodate our need during the stay . we have a family crisis that necessitate leave two day into a five day stay and they be very understanding and supportive . the breakfast bar be beyond a continental muffin ... more
we check in and our room be give to another couple . room do not come with a refridge or micro . iron work poorly along with the hair dryer . drain for the tube work poorly and take quite a while to drain . one light out in the room . it be report and nothing come of it . no shampoo on the first ... more
staff be friendly and helpful . wonderful continental breakfast . room be very clean the bedding seem new and really comfortable mattress . the hotel be conveniently locate to all bethlehem attraction and extremely easy to find from i78 .
my wife and i have stay at this hotel several time over the past few year . the staff be always friendly like family the room be exceptionally clean and comfortable . breakfast be one of the best offer at any of the hotel motel that we have stay at . i plan to visit again in the near future and will make it ... more
very disappointed in cleanliness of the room and daily cleaning . greet by indifferent desk clerk ... not close to good restaurant . the renovation which have apparently be go on for a long time mean there be clutter in the entrance and hallway .
get the king leisure room . spacious enough for couple to have their own space many have two tv s fridge and microwave . some be even suite . undergo renovation and we have a new room and it be excellent . staff be outstanding . the only shortcome worth mentioning be breakfast but at 6 30 am who care coffee be great and who can ... more
this place defy the image of most chain hotel by offer immaculate facility attention to detail friendly staff and a genuinely welcoming vibe . for anyone visit the lehigh valley with a focus on bethlehem and its environ whether for business or pleasure the holiday inn express hotel suit bethlehem offer easy on easy off accessibility to route 78 and be a ... more
this be just a terrible experience from check in to check out . when you arrive there be only one person on the property . get to the room and there be a leak the microwave do not work and the bathroom be dirty . when they change our room it be a little better but no refrigerator i have four child no refrigerator be ... more
the service at the front desk be considerably lower the value of this hotel if you don t value common courtesy then this hotel be for you the breakfast staff be very friendly helpful and make sure the buffet be well stock for the hotel guest
very well price hotel convenient to major highway while be in a very pleasant suburb in the summit chatham morristown area . direct train service to nyc . decor be dated but it s clean and safe . if you need an upscale experience this isn t it . if however you want all the benefit of a good hotel in this area at a reasonable cost ... more
my car break down two week ago on route 18 and i have to pull over for the night because the weather be very bad . i ask for a smoking room . the room i be put in didn t have any ash tray and i have to walk down to the office to get the ashtray myself as the staff wouldn t ... more
the room be not clean the light do not work over the vanity and the tv do not work . have we know the tv do not work before morning we would ve ask for another room .
no hot water for two day . very uncomfortable . have to take cold shower
the sink be break . nobody come to fix even though i call front desk 2 time .
the first room i be give have a very strong unpleasant musty odor that do not go away after an hour with the window open so i go back to the front desk to see what could be do about it . the person at the front desk be very helpful and say that they have one other room available near ... more
we request 2 bed . we get only one . there be a recliner position in a strange place in the room . the room be for handicapped people so the shower have a seat in it and a hand hold shower head . not tall enough to stand under .
the room be pleasant . however i could have do without the cockroach in the kitchen area and the bathroom . when you only clean room once a week you be go to have bug
my wife and i have stay at this bw a number of time and have always be completely satisfied with it . the people who manage it be very nice and helpful as be other staff member and we ve never have a problem with noise but we always get a room on the non freeway side . it be tuck away in a ... more
stop here on my way back to the west coast . little do i know i run into construction on the off ramp and the intersection just before the hotel . not their fault . the lady at the front desk be extremely friendly . although i see a few dead bug in the stairwell at the end of the hallway i would definitely stop ... more
we make reservation a day prior to arrival they put us in the room right next to the office . when we arrive around 8 00 pm after be on the road all day we expect at least a decent room to crash for the night . the bathtub faucet be leak and the tub have at least two inch of water in ... more
i admit to be apprehensive as rent sight unseen can be a challenge . we stay in the ok corral over new year . the cabin be exquisite . it be a newer cabin with everything one could need and more . kitchen necessity for the 9 of us but definitely could have accommodate more . acceptable to nice quality linen on the bed and ... more
convenient location . one exit away from many restaurant . the staff be very attentive to address any issue . the lobby and breakfast area be very nice and inviting . bed be extremely cosy and there be room that connect for big family .
i really enjoy myself . great atmosphere the food be delicious . bar tender be on point . the patio be so relaxing . i m plan my get away weekend there . over all 10 . the soldan s committee couldn t find a better place to have our reunion . plenty of space . the worker be very helpful . clean atmosphere .
beautiful hotel warm and inviting plus breakfast to order in the morning . i would definitely stay here again .
i want top notch service when i travel or go out on the town . this place fulfill that on all level good food and fun bar . room relax and clean . staff make the stay perfect . stacey the gm go above and beyond made recommendation for restaurant and even reservation this be a gem of a place .
really enjoy my stay at the aloft in downtown durham . the property have an excellent location nice amenity consistent with aloft brand and a very friendly helpful staff . room be the highlight . new clean and comfortable . some noise with adjacent construction and nearby rail line but not a major nuisance . park be 10 but only available in top four floor ... more
locate right beside asheville outlet mall . a big plus for my wife and daughter . staff be extremely friendly and helpful . always smile and greet us when we enter . this will be our first choice for a hotel for all our future visit to asheville . five to ten minute from downtown .
the room be okay . but bathroom extremely small . also it look like the beginning of black mold in between the caulking of the shower bath tub surface . toilet very low to the ground .... the uncomfortable contribution of the bathroom set the precedence for the sentiment feel about the hotel . but it be a good location and the front desk staff be very helpful in pinpoint attraction and waterfall in the area . i can t really comment on breakfast since we sleep in and miss it daily
we stay here for location . easy access to asheville and hendersonville and the nc arboretum .
great stay . desk clerk be no nice and helpful . great bed . clean room . location location location
affordable clean comfortable and friendly . be surprised for the price i pay to stay . i have expect a whole lot worse . close to every thing in town . i have hot water and have no problem brush my tooth . i don t believe it be plastic on the mattress but be a mattress protector . i have see the result of bed bug ... more
unhappyr we camp there last year . this year we consider go back but the river have flood the area and our campsite be still muddy and it be july 18th . the owner still want the full summer rate for camping which by the way she raise the price this year . the owner be constantly sit at her picnic table and scowl at the camper . she doesn t smile . when she tell us that the rate couldn t be discount we tell her that we wouldn t be camp there this year . she say fo ... view morer us to get our stuff out of there in one week or she would call the authorite . she say we couldn t camp there ever again . her son be wonderful and help his mom run the campground but he have to listen to his control mother . she also charge 2 dollar a head for visitor . she s all about the almightly dollar . she call us unfaithful . she even doesn t like our 2 little daschund . they need to be tie up . save yourself some money and heartache . don t stay here r r rview less
we have very few s at this hotel and several minus . on check in we feel like staff be condescend and preoccupy with something other than us on their mind . when my card do not work at the card reader to enter the rear of the hotel the handyman at first seem to show me with my card that this ... more
need a place close to middlebourne wv for one night and didn t want to spend a lot for just a place to sleep . have never use the so call lower end wyndham hotel but decide to give it a try . surprise friendly staff . ask what floor i prefer after settle in my room phone rang .. front desk inquire if everything ... more
i always stay here when in marietta but never again . different pillow this time . barely sleep at all . win t be back .
pleasurable stay and friendly service . much appreciate .
my wife and i always stay at this location when need when travel to ohio . we have never have a single problem here . the room be clean price be right and this be the perfect hotel for our one night stay . i highly recommend this hotel .
the hotel be very clean the suite be very clean modern . the hotel staff be very friendly and helpful . the free breakfast be awesome as well . i would definitely suggest you give this hotel a chance . i will definitely stay here again
we stay 1 night in a smoker room we don t smoke but this be the only option i could select . the room be pretty dated but still seem clean . outaide stair to get up to our room be a little rickety . pool game room area be very neat breakfast be good . staff very polite and friendly . they even give us a little bag with a few treat and bottle water when we arrive so that be nice too would stay there again .
hotel be date room be fine . convenient for a race in downtown st . louis for an out of tower . be call several time prior to stay and call after stay which get annoying . the after stay phone call be try to sell me on additional stay at other hotel . i find this incredibly frustrating . i have never have this happen with any other hotel i have book through here .
we have a great time . when i book the hotel i book it for the inside pool for spring break for my grandchild . i didn t even realize all the other perk of this hotel for kid . inside pool inside playground inside game room and mini golf . i would totally stay here again for kid it be great .
this property do not look bad from out front but room 118 be the worst i have ever see anywhere . the dead bolt would not lock . the door chain be not secure . the bathroom door be rotten and could not close . a large hole in the wall beside the bathtub where perhaps a soap dish be suppose to be be ... more
go there with friend for vacation . it be very impressed with the location and service . couple block away from cable car and shopping place . we ve have city walk through out the city . it be fun do that with friend take picture chitchat and eating . but afterward we be super tired . after a long day i stop at the bar for ... more
the folk at the concierge desk be very helpful in direct you on where to go what to do and how to get there . the hotel be within walk distance of chinatown . the tub in the junior suite be large and oh so nice after spend the day shop or walk the wharf
the agent reserve our san francisco hotel have mess up and our first choice hotel be now full . this hotel be fantastic we be two couple who each have king corner room there be nothing about our room that could be improve spaceiousness quality of the bed bed fitting light bathroom and think that have go into every aspect of ... more
i stay here every chance i get . it be my hotel of choice in san francisco . the service be always superb and the room be amazing . i have pretty high standard when it come to hotel bed and the intercontinental more than live up to them . i would recommend it to anyone .
this be one of my all time favorite hotel . i know it may sound absurd but one reason i look forward to visit sf be to stay here the hotel staff be great friendly and super competent . the room be modern with very comfortable bed . the lobby and bar area be modern and elegant . despite the number of floor and ... more
wonderful hotel with excellent view of the city cleanliness and service exceptional overall a world class standard hotel my girlfriend love . the only thing i would like to suggest be to bring your own mouth wash .
we could not have be more impressed with the service the friendliness the cleanliness and the location of the hotel . it be an absolutely stunning hotel right around the corner from union square and the financial district . the staff be very welcoming . we love the turn down service and our view from the corner king room on floor 24 be absolutely ... more
i highly recommend this hotel i want a modern hotel that didn t look like most of the san fransisco historic hotel . pro clean . beautiful . great view . perfect location . friendly staff . affordable price . floor to ceiling windows bathtub . con i couldn t find any con
stay here after do the escape from alcatraz triathlon . just love it . have a good massage and the restaurant be just an absolute delight . the room be invite the staff be friendlier than i have meet in any hotel . when i could not get big enough taxi for my equipment they really take it an arm lenght and end up ... more
really good hotel in the city and i have stay in a few now . i would recommend to anyone look for a modern good hotel with the all the right facility .
great hotel very helpful staff always there to help with every thing from dinner reservation to helpful tip . nice clean room very specious . we stay on a high floor and have a bit of a problem with weak water pressure tell reception and they send someone from the engineering staff right away around 2230 the improve the pressure but still ... more
i book an upgraded room and the room be just average nothing fancy for the price . the area be good if you be attend a conference at the moscone center . you will have to walk about 1 4 1 2 a mile towards downtown for some decent food . black car and taxi be available upfront . for cheaper alternative there be a ... more
the hotel offer nice spacious room . if you have a room on a higher floor you will have great view around the city . the staff be very friendly and efficient . the internet work well and be fast . the wellness area consist of a very well equip gym a large pool and a jacuzzi . you also have a terrace with sunbed ... more
my wife and i stay at this hotel as a staycation . the service be great start with the valet . we have request for a high floor and a west face room to be able to watch the sunset from the room and our request be honor . we stay on the 20th floor and the view be amazing . the floor to ... more
the hotel be very comfortable and modern . it be ideally locate close to some great tourist sight of sf . locate a few block south of market st it be a lot easier to get to and from the hotel then the one in down town or union square area . the room have a great view of of sf or the ... more
if you re look for the grand ole lobby type place like you stay with your granny this ain t it . you walk in from the street or from the porte cochere and right to the check in desk on your right or the concierge veering leave . if you walk straight ahead there s a nice restaurant . check in be friendly and efficient and if you ... more
lovely large room comfortable bed locate very near big westfield shopping mall . house bar be a bit small and lacks atmosphere would be the only let down . value for money newish hotel in a city where the hotel be old and run down
go down for a giant game and want a place to stay within walk distance of att park . i have back problem so i be look for a short and safe walk . the last time we go down for a game we stay the hyatt regency on the embarcadero . just as a side note we have a fine stay ... more
a little over a week prior i be in sf for another business trip this time i book at the ic . i be so glad i do . service be impeccable room be clean spacious and bathroom be perfect i often eat room service and theirs do not disappoint . i would highly recommend this hotel to anyone stay in sf at ... more
in town for a convention we be give a very pleasant room on the top 34th floor face the bay . the room be luxurious and very comfortable for our five day stay which be make more affordable by a convention rate which include free wi fi . the breakfast although not cheap be superb and the staff be helpful and friendly . the ... more
stay here for 2 night ahead of a road trip . the standout aspect of this excellent hotel be the staff from check in housekeep barrestaurant doorman parking everyone be pleasant helpful professional . a special word of thank to the concierge desk who be interested helpful in recommend restaurant shopping sightseeing option especially nelson . the room be great the location ... more
this be an excellent hotel . not perfect not amazing but certainly excellent . i usually frequent westin hotel and this one be like a westin but nicer . it s certainly worthy of its 4 star rating . the location be good depend on your plan . if you want to do the tourist activity you re far from the hilly street trolley line wharf ... more
la habitacion ligeramente reducida . falto mobiliario para desempacar y empacar maletas . por lo demas excelente . muy recomendable
awesome we have a wonderful time . the hotel have a amazing breakfast every morning definitely will stay again .
we have always be extremely satisfied with the holiday inn express hotel that we have stay in in the past especially the breakfast buffet and that be why we again choose a holiday inn express when we be pass through the baltimore area . be we ever wrong on this one the buffet be very limited hardly any hot item and what be suppose to be hot be actually stone cold i.e. the gravy for the biscuit . the biscuit be rock hard . the scramble egg be a very bad version of imitation . seem like the person run the buffet be use week old biscuit and figure the warming lamp would heat up the gravy so she do not have to . i have never have a worse breakfast anywhere . if you be plan on get your fill at this buffet forget it . we have to go out to breakfast after check out just to keep from starve . we hadn t balk at the room fee because we assume the buffet would be worth the extra money boy be we wrong
love our visit . would definitely room here again in the future .
i have an overnight stay and i find everything fine .
great hotel close to bwi airport . unexpectedly pleasant stay . ruby friendly and informative staff . great italian restaurant with a short walking distance . very short shuttle to airport . will absolutely come again
easily accessible to highway shop . since i ve stay in this area before i will definitely stay here again .
nice place to spend the night . very close to car rental .
this hotel be cheaper than the other near bwi hotel that be available when i need one . yet a bit to my surprise it be a really nice place . the only small negative be there be only one computer and printer for print boarding pass .
it be ok but the condition of the room need to be more light and more clean .
stay here after get in on a very late flight . quick check in clean room nice complimentary breakfast .
i m glad that we go through expedia for a lower rate . i would have be very upset if we have pay full price . one of the elevator do not work . the air do not work in the whole building . only the air unit within the room work . the place be very stuffy and seem unorganized at time . all in all since we be there for a lax tournament it be decent . but i would not go there for a get a way .
the location be the best thing about this hotel . the wall be pretty thin so noise can be a problem . but what can you expect from a moderate lower price hotel
i be charge twice for my room and when i checkout thereally be another charge to my account which they could not figure out .
this be a great location for turn in your rental car .
our stay be nice . the hotel be locate not too far away from mayland live and the mill mall . if you don t have transportation of your own as we do not since we be visit from out of state the hotel do offer transportation within a 5 mile radius which include the casino and the airport . the airport be priority for the hotel so if there be an airport trip or pick up the airport will take priority over the casino or the mall . the casino and airport be not walkable even though you can see the casino from the hotel window as there be no sidewalk all the way . the breakfast be complimentary and be better then we have see in most hotel . we do advise you to go before 7 30 for the breakfast as it get crowd down there . the wall be very thin and you can hear the people on the other side of the wall if they be loud . the people on the other side of us be loud until close to 6 a.m. when they finally go to sleep . since i keep the same hour when i travel as to when i don t this part be disturbing to me .
room be not ready on time but perfectly fine for the cost
very comfortable we enjoy our stay .
hotel be great . provide shuttle service to rental car facility and airport even though be very early in the morning
i take a birthday trip with my family and everything be perfect . i m so glad i be able to find such a nice room at such a late notice .
i can t think of anything i would have change . joann the person at the desk be amazing manage to juggle phone call and a line of people with courtesy and grace . the accessibility to annapolis rate and cleanliness be outstanding . we will definitely be back
i be really impressed with my stay it be nice and clean . the staff be friendly and the breakfast be good i would say yes i t be well worth it
they hyatt regency in sacramento have great customer service and be very nice . it s within walk distance to the convention center and a lot of great restaurant .
2 week prior to christmas until now my unfortunate situation cause me to have to stay this marriott for a month . i must say that i have have the best of care this hotel . all staff member have a wonderful attitude from room service to the gm . i actually be accommodate for everything i need . i even look ... more
we stay at the drury inn suit for a conference that be hold at the dome at america s center . it be a great location for our conference free parking free breakfast free dinner free 3 drink . we do eat some food there and it be cook properly . not fancy but if you be on a budget it would definitely ... more
this be our second stay at a drury hotel and we be impressed once again the room be clean and fair sized check in be easy and quick . the free drink and evening snack be such a great feature and you could honestly make a meal of it . the pool be close to the food beverage area so it be convenient ... more
hotel be really nice . love the free parking and breakfast . awesome location since it be within walk distance to the arch and stadium . would stay again . nice pool area . front desk very helpful . they offer a veteran disxount .
we drive 17 hour that day and i just want to shower and sleep . i be so glad they open this newer hotel in deme . breakfast be pretty good but the room be great . we will be back next time we come through nm .
the location be great . it be my first time stay at a hotel . the staff be very friendly and the room be fantastic . i really enjoy my stay here . thank you to the staff for make my stay enjoyable
good value for a clean quiet comfortable room . easy to get to just off of i35 and 1 1 2 mile form i90 . good free continental breakfast and kim who take care of the breakfast area do a great job of keep the area clean and well stock .
our room be spacious enough for 4 . even with our very late arrival the front desk person be friendly and give us a good room . the breakfast be the best so far on the trip with cold and hot option like scramble egg and sausage . a nice find along the way .
get this hotel because of proximity to water park next door book kind of late so have to get a king suite . room be great and spacious have a king bed and a small pull out couch . bathroom and room be clean and like that it have a microwave and a small fridge in room . only have a shower which ... more
great staff and accommodation for our family with young kid . the evening snack hour food and drink be perfect to complement our time in dayton . pool be fun for the kid even in december . recommend
we will be back food and drink free ... wonderfully accommodate staff especially asia . free dinner drink and hot breakfast seriously huge room room for 6 easily we will try to stay at all the drury inn wahooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
this hotel be clean fresh update and welcoming . the room be spacious clean and current . everything work well in the room bed be comfy . a breakfast be include and be very good . the staff be all helpful and willing to go the extra mile . will definitely be stay here again . one of the best hotel in this price range i ... more
what can i say but there be no other choice when stay in the area . kristi make the stay happen before even check in . a simple call and boom a better room . the pool hot tub a relax pleasure . the evening snack be always a treat the breakfast can not be beat . so quiet and so comfortable . see you when pass ... more
love this place great service room and amenity . can t beat the price and all the free food you get i highly recommend to anyone . free hot breakfast buffett free kick back dinner and free popcorn pop till 10 00pm . very nice indoor outdoor pool . the staff check on all the guest in the din area to see if you need anything . need i ... more
my husband and i have to stay at this hotel for one night . i have never be to such a terrible place . i have be to the 3rd world country but have not see such a shabby room . the room be disgusting although the sheet seem clean . the furniture have spot tear and look like it be pick up off the curb . nightstand and table have cigarette burn on them . the most terrible thing be that the room reek of nicotine i have a hard time sleep because of the smell . when i get home i have to wash all my clothe . no one should stay in this hotel unless for punishment this hotel be a 4 floor building and the elevator be not work which seem permanent . there be be no phone in the room so if we have a problem we need to go downstairs and then back up .
good hotel spend two night at this hotel in fayetteville nc . the check in process be a breeze . the nice lady at check in be very nice . she explain the charge and breakfast time . 6 a.m. 9 a.m. .. they also offer fresh bake cookie 7 p.m. .. the room be nice they have do major update sorry no ... more
stay here for an overnight on way home . susan at front desk be friendly and accomodate during checkin . room pillow bed wi fi be very good . arrive and depart in darkness therefore can not comment on surround property . morning breakfast be typical grab and go . i do not use any other facility or dine at nearby establishment .
my friend and i stay here last friday 2 july . first off we be tell the public facility be unavailable due to work be do in the hall wallpaper go up . we be assign our room and it be 1 bed . so go back down and say it be suppose to be 2 bed . we be issue another room 318 ... more
noisy
worst hotel experience i have ever have . while wait to check in i overhear the 2 gentleman in front of me basically plan their party in the room they be get and the reception tell them where the liquor store be . the reception clerk be nice and check us in quickly . that be the best thing about this experience . my wife and i walk into the room and we re immediately hit with a terrible smell and before we could complain the phone rang in the room which be the reception desk call to tell us that she should not have put us in that room because of the smell and to come to the desk for new key to a different room which we oblige . we get our new key and go to the new room which smell better but look sketchy so we pull back the cover on the bed to see ant crawl around . this be the moment we decide to check out and go right across the street to the hampton inn which be great and highly recommend . we never stay at this hotel and never will . all i need be a clean bed to stay in for a few hour so i could catch a flight but this hotel couldn t even provide that . in fact this hotel just seem like a party spot for local and would not feel comfortable even park my car in the parking lot . it s really a shame that this hotel be like this . it s in a great location and could be nice . shame on me as i do not heed the warning sign from the other review . think it would be okay for a few hour sleep . i be wrong
the room be very small to have a full and queen size bed in it . and i clean home for a living and the bath room need really down to use a tooth brush around the tub and floor and i take the empty toilet paper roll out to put in the new one and the dirt i see behind that empty roll be bad i leave it out so the house keeper would see the dirt and what ever else be in there . and another chair in the room would be nice a person can only set on the bed for just a little while then the back hurt .
breakfast be bad room not clean and in need of repair unprofessional appearance of staff dirty linin .
this be an older property with very limited parking . since the town of solvang be easily accessible by walk most lodging be convenient . the room be clean and decor be basic . the refrigerator didn t keep thing cold even at max but there be an ice machine . the air conditioner be an older model and very loud but do cool the ... more
we have not be to david s in a while not since we have small child and make use of the babysitting service . pro the atmosphere be warm and inviting . the live music quite good . my hendrick and tonic be so tasty that i have another . my wife and i both enjoy the sesame crust lobster and sea scallop with savory ... more
terrible . i spend my last penny reserve my room and i didn t see anything about a deposit under the small print tab so i think i be all pay up . suddenly after have spend nearly half an hour check in with their highly unprofessional staff just before i be give my key so i could go find my room the room key didn t work on my room . so i walk all the way to the lobby this time with my bag in tow only to find out that they deactivate my room key because they weren t able to charge card for incidental . which be when i say of course not ... i spend my last penny reserve this place online and there be no mention of a deposit in your small print tab online . every room i ve reserve through hotels.com that have charge me a deposit mention a deposit or incidental charge in their small tab . well i cancel my reservation and ask for my money back so i could rent another room elsewhere . the manager cancel my reservation and state that he would be refund my money but he never do . i be not able to rent another room ... i be broke .
nice hotel with outdoor pool . no complementary coffee and bar close early to get one there . a bit complicated with the billing process but willing to solve it and do it as promise . room have plenty of room . limited selection of tv channel .
the hotel staff go above and beyond .
nice and well keep close to bike trail and dining
old room that smell like an ash tray everything look old
the room be very comfortable . we use the pool every night the lifeguard be professional and active . love the fact that the metro be less than a half mile walk we walk there every day for the trip into d.c . many shop within walk distance of the hotel also movie theater . breakfast buffet be good large assortment of food .
convenient location and overall pleasant one night stay but room and common area hallway pool need some maintenance chip paint and bathroom grout and we find a dirty washcloth leave behind hang on the shower curtain rod .
beautiful hotel . room clean . pool very nice . restaurant in hotel be excellent food and mix drink delicious . only critique would be need to ask for more than 2 towel in a room we check in with 4 ppl .
we have a very pleasant 3 day stay . would stay here next time my family and i be in town .
it be ok . i come back because i use the hotel last year for the same tournament . rate be good . but i miss my first round because the wake up call do not go through . when you hit the button for the wake up call an automate voice just say thank you for your wakeup call i call the front desk and set the call but it never come through . also request a taxi and it never show up
good location and generally comfortable hotel albeit somewhat cramp . close to international restaurant of silver spring and short walk to metro for access to all of dc . room hotel be clean and pleasant but show age in some facility . friendly and helpful staff very accommodating .
it be a great experience i would recommend them to anyone
noisy at night door didn t latch easily hotel reduce cost of stay after learn of problem
great stay in silver spring for the price ................
the hotel do not have to room i reserve . so i be bribe with free breakfast and free parking . although it be a nice jester it still doesn t make up for me be place in a room that do not accommodate my party . i book 30 day in advance yet these people see it fit to check other people into those room know that they have other guest arrive that book the same room . a guest behind me be tell the same thing . the staff be incredibly nice and graceful buy i guess you have to when greedy corporation overbook hotel and leave them to deal with the customer .
rudeness at front desk . when we check in the front desk person be unfriendly and short of patience with my hard of hear issue . we witness a very insulting exchange from a front desk person to another guest . housekeeper be very pleasant and helpful . room be small and do not seem up to the doubletree standard we have see in other doubletree hotel .
stay in the 2 room king suite . it be perfect . love the separate living room . nice and clean and comfy bed . this hotel have room service and they take care of us very well . the valet be awesome and fast .
very pleasant staff
hotel be beautiful . parking be weird . pay 20 a night or you have to figure out how to park outback for free . no microwave or fridge in room only avaliable in suite . they keep mess up on room charge . charge a 150 deposit fee say it s a 50 fee per night you stay . didn t make sense . double charger a friend who be stay in the room next to ours . the staff be nice . i think it be a lot go on due to graduation season .
i find it a little too noisy . the wall be like paper so whatever be say in the next room feel like it be in my room . also the hall be pretty noisy until late at night .
it be my first visit to the area and it be close to all area i visit . it be close to shop restaurant and in walk distance to whole food . there be also a very nice restaurant mrs k s tollhouse nearby .
hotel have a bad smell
the service be friendly helpful and outgoing . the room be clean and bed comfy . wall a little on the thin side and no mini fridge be our only complaint along with an aggressive shower head . yes i would return to this hotel . the food be good and the people who work their be outstanding .
only have valet parking which be a pain as on 1 time they have a lot be full sign out front so have to park in a public lot 2 block away . also 1 day we do not get our newspaper they run out and tell me i could walk 3 block and buy one . my wife order room service it never come so she call and it be ready no one have bother to bring it up . the first day have to get maintenance to room to show me how to turn on living room light . all sort or trick need . on the bright side the room be clean super bed to sleep in and the staff be really nice and friendly .
nicely situate in downtown silver spring within walk distance of the revitalize shopping restaurant district . we seem lock in to the valet parking which be not terrible at 15 for a weekend day . our 6th floor ice maker be not work so we have to get ice from one of the other floor ... not a big deal either .
my family and i enjoy our stay . the room be clean and comfy . the staff be very professional and polite . breakfast be delicious .
staff very friendly and room very nice . one problem with room above us have a party and very loud have to call front desk at 2 45 a.m. and again at 3 15 a.m. before they be able to get them to quiet down . otherwise good experience and again a wonderful staff .
very well position hotel everything be close by
stay be great and nice friendly staff .
for a hilton the room small bathtub and noise in the room be horrible . i could hear everything from the room above me and room next to me . this be definitely not worth 234 a night or not up to hilton standards . i would not stay there again . the people that work there be top class though .
start with front desk people get me into my room early ... excellent . receive my hot chocolate chip cookie upon check in ... perfect . spot be about 3 block from the metro station ... plus . staff be really attentive and helpful .
we choose this best western because it offer up to 3 week free parking with park sleep fly . no other park sleep fly option come close to the hospitality and comfort of this hotel . it be outstanding . the front desk manager be incredibly helpful and courteous and upgrade us to a suite . upon the recommendation of the front desk staff we enjoy an excellent ... more
have a great stay the hotel staff be very friendly and knowledgeable especially sami and matt . thank you so much
the room be very clean and bathroom be spacious and luxurious . we be very satisfied stay here .
very nice
come to town to bury my father in law in family plot . we have a total of seven people in three double room we be all very comfortable . breakfast be very good hotel employee courteous and helpful . only negative be the bathroom be small . but they be clean . overall value be great room be clean and we be in a safe part of town . we be on the highway side which be a little noisy but i have my earplug . no one else be bother by the noise . if you be a light sleeper you may want to request a room not back up to the highway . hotel be great with accommodate all of our request .
very clean and comfortable property . have everything you need for business and pleasure . great amenity for the traveler . before and after work buffet be very accommodating and enjoyable . staff be top notch very friendly and attentive to the guest need . will be my cda home away from home
great location very close to the freeway and conveniently locate to the restaurant . we have a big family room on the first floor 2 queen bed very nice bathroom and big closet i will request for this room again when we be back to coeur d alene . their breakfast be great too . staff service be excellent .
we ve stay at the springhill suit several time over the past year . most importantly to me the property be clean . in addition the staff especially heather at the front desk be helpful and always smile . we have a few issue during our stay room cleaning be overlook and no bottled water in our room . with a quick call to the ... more
excelente fui por 8 dias y 7 noche . un servicio muy bueno los desayunos caliente limpieza del cuarto excelente y todos los dias realizaban limpieza en los cuartos . cerca de centros comerciales y frente al hotel la parada del autobus y te lleva hasta el downtown de baltimore . y a la estacion del tren . lo recomiendo muy buenos precio .
basic room nothing fancy but clean . decent breakfast include .
room be great property be very messy
overall our stay be ok staff be not helpful when check in . one attendant say she will help you in a minute after she get off phone . then after she be off and i stand there for few minute she say can i help you . i say we be check in she say that the other attendant will help me finally check in room be ok nothing spectacular although the mirror be so clean my wife think there be another room . lol biggest downfall be that there seem to be a lot of come and go late at night early morning . hotel be right behind a questionable restaraunt . we do not have any issue though just a feeling of concern
my family and i stay here for the weekend to do the across the bay 10k event . the hotel be older and the condition show it . furniture and carpet show many sign of wear and tear . the pool be not open because it be november . the front desk be very friendly and helpful when we call down or stop to ask question . maid service do an excellent job of clean make the bed and give us fresh bath supply . breakfast be very yummy with many different option . there be a grocery store gas station and place to eat all within walk distance . the neighborhood didn t seem the best at night so we stay in the room when it get late . the room door be all on the outside of the building which i really don t care for due to safety . overall not terrible but you get what you pay for and i be try to save a few dollar .
i stay there for a week on a business trip . i wasn t look for anything special but the hotel seem rundown . i didn t realize that that the corridor be external which isn t a huge problem but they be paint them while i be there make it inconvient to get around . the room and bathroom be shabby as well . what really do it for me though be when i pack to check out on the last day i find a small broken piece of glass tube under the bed . curiousity get the best of me so i take it the training class i be finish up and ask a police officer in the same class what look like to him . he say that it be a piece of crack or meth pipe .
room smell wait 45mins for shuttle
i recently stay at the day inn in glen burnie and i really appreciate its location in relationship to the airport bwi and shopping mall which be the intent of my trip . the staff be great the facility be above my expectation and i would recommend this hotel to anyone just look for a place to lay your head .
would stay there again .
i be beside the step and people be up and down those stair all night and early in the morning . i really didn t get my proper rest that i need . and they be so loud .
after find the comforter be stain my husband ask the front desk for another blanket and they give us one . it appear that a lot of people actually live at the hotel .
the hotel be perfect for a place to lay your head . conveniently locate .
our stay we very brief only overnight . it be average . nothing negative .
come down for valentine s day for a little vacation and enjoy every second . bed be very comfortable and the room be nice and big for our 4 night stay .
you want to hear about my stay well the first room that i be issue the heater do not work . the second room i be issue the tv do not work . at the end of the day the last thing i want to do be be shuffle around from room to room the clean crew be ether not train correctly or do not care . the floor in the bathroom be dirty and have long lady hair all over . i will not be stop there ever again you want to hear about it now you have what will you do let see
my daughter and i stay for one night . i check in around 8 00 pm and no one be at the desk and there be no bell or any other way to notify staff we be wait . after a short wait someone come in from a side office area and check us in but make no acknowledgement that we be wait . shortly after we get to the room i pick up the remote to turn on the tv and find the back cover for the battery be miss . i press the power button on the remote and the tv do not turn on think that because the cover be miss it be the battery . i remove the battery and put them back in but that do not work . i then try to turn on the tv directly and still no power . after trace the power cable i find that it be unplugged . the power cable would not reach the wall outlet so i plug it in to the desk lamp on the counter next to the tv . later that night i see what look like a roach crawling on the wall in the bathroom . the bathroom be the size of a small closet where the door have just enough clearance to open before hit bathtub . there be maybe 3x4 floor space in the bathroom itself . the bed be extremely soft .
i book this hotel through a major web site . i be tell i would get a king size bed smoking room with refrig microwave coffee maker . when i get there the man at the desk say i get a smoking room with 2 double bed he say that s what the web site send to them . i do not believe that he would not show me . so i have to take it . the elevator sound like it be on its last leg . the carpet be filthy no coffee maker the mattress and boxed spring must of be 10 yr old very uncomfortable even hole in the side pillow feel like shred foam and to make matter worse there be cob webs all up the wall and corner by the sink . the television be old in a huge coffin like tv stand no channel guide no dresser and no comfortable chair . for a few dollar more i will go across the street next time .
i will not be use expedia ever again this hotel be a dump and if this be what you guy deal with i don t want any part of it . i didn t stay i just lose my money because there be no refund so they say . so thank for nothing .
everything be 5 star beautiful granite exceptional bed and a quiet night .
i m very happy with that particular hotel the room be very neat and clean staff very friendly and willing to help in anyway possible . the frontdesk employee get 10 out of 10 point for friendliness and service . it s convinient location will suit anyone nomatter if you re travel for business or for pleasure . i would highly recommend day inn glen burnie to everyone who be look to stretch their vacation dollar and yet have fun and comfort of a higher class hotel
i understand that this be an older hotel but i would hope with the day inn name it would be keep up better . the room be in drastic need of update . the room be not as clean as one would expect and the elevator be dirty . as far as the free breakfast .... disappointing doesn t begin to express it . one guest advise one of the staff member that the hot food be not be keep at the required temperature in fact it be cold and there be nothing do . the milk for the cereal be leave in a pitcher on the counter to get warm . the staff that we encounter be pleasant but it be not enough for my husband and i to stay there again .
this place need update . the room have a foul odor . sink wasn t working properly . while we be away during the second day the staff empty out the refrigerator . don t know why they do this as our stay be for 3 day . completely unacceptable . will not stay there again .
i be lead to believe through your site that pet be welcome and no extra fee be charge then when i get there they tell me i have to pay x amount a day but since the only person stay the next night be my grandmother and i would be leave with my cat that be all i would be charge but then i be charge 2x more and they say there be nothing they could do about this . i even confront the same person and ask why i be pay 2x more and that this be not what you tell me the day before he say he be sorry but i be to pay 2x more . i will never go to day inn again x amount a day be ridiculous .
make a mistake and walk on the carpet with barefeet umm flypaper not quite . unchanged sheet on 1 of the bed . poorly clean bathroom . feel dirty till i get home and shower .
the worst hotel stay i ve ever have . on the positive side there be a hiphop chicken and fish next door ...
we have two room for the weekend and we may have just be there on a bad weekend or something because we plan on leave around 830 on sunday morning and upon wake up there be no hot water one of the room air conditioning unit have stop work in the middle of the night and it be a humid evening so we go to the continental breakfast to find no toaster and stale fruit loop . hot water be available but not until about 1030 so we be about 3 hour behind schedule when all be say and do and we have to stop and grab some breakfast .
great stay staff be very helpful
better maid service
nice staff good breakfast available . room be nice and clean .
the maid never come to our room . i report this to the front desk no clean towel the bed be not make trash not empty etc . active smoker be outside on the balcony which be the only way to get to the room day and night . spend a few extra dollar and find another place down the road .
when we walk into our room we find bug dead and alive in the room . when we search further we find more dead bug . they should do a better job of vacuum the room include behind bed tv and fridge .
great room breakfast . . . easy access to everything we be up to while visit our child
loud all night view of river be actually a freeway hotel do not follow consumer policy have show all of her website all of the room all over hotel instead they offer you a water bottle . seriously
i have a room reserve for me by the national guard for july 15th and 16th . about 5 30 be when i show up to the hotel on the evening of the 15th . i tell the lady at the front desk that i have this reservation for tonight and that the national guard be the one who have set it up ... more
your standard holiday inn hotel . wish the chain would remove some of the gimmick and drop the price but i get some people enjoy them . it be a pleasant stay the worker at the desk be very helpful on tell how to get around town on the public transit system and be very kind . breakfast be solid and there s plenty of room to eat . if we go back to oregon we d consider stay here . wish the max go a little farther south closer to it but that s not the hotel s fault .
some of the front desk staff be knowledgeable other have very little information on the immediate area . when ask to recommend an italian restaurant she have no idea . that be just one issue we have with front desk . another complaint would be that the pool be so murky no one be use it .
first this place be super quaint and cute . some of my biggest takeaway be location be great consider we have our 10 month old baby girl with us . no one treat us differently because we be there as a family . room be a little dim for me but they be clean and decorate very nicely . love the ... more
excellent little hotel in a wonderful location with corteous and helpful staff in a very well keep facility . stay for two night and really enjoy it . rita a member of the staff be particularly helpful .
we have spend 3 night at circa 39 the room be very spacious nice and clean the bed be very comfortable and big unfortunately our check in be super short the guy at the front desk do not explain anything we have to ask where the room be if breakfast be include what time it be serve what the wifi password ... more
very clean and pleasant hotel . the noise level almost non exist always a plus for me the staff be very professional and cater to my need without question . the banquet hall be very clean a great size well put together and affordable . i will definitely be do business with this location again . thank you for provide me with a home ... more
very large room restaraunt close to the hotel room have everything need enough room for a family of 5 to be comfortable . close to bwi and not far from inner harbor on time and courteous shuttle driver . our family will return .
when we arrive at the hotel at 4.30pm well past the check in time of 3 pm the clerk tell us that the room be not ready could not tell how long it would be before the room would be ready . he do not explain why the room be not ready . his attitude be that it be that way and there be nothing he could do about it . we have to wait for over one hour and only when we approach the clerk and iniste on the room then only he procedde to give us a room . the next day we return from a late breakfast at 12 05 pm and we be not able to get into our room as the card would not unlock the door .
up to date hotel consider carry starbucks coffee in the room access to the business center be a plus and you have work printer too great amenity . i would stay here again
i enjoy my recent stay and will stay here again next month when i return on business . i be especially pleased with the helpful front desk staff as well as the restaurant team . the breakfast each day be quite good as well .
well maintain facility courteous staff as you expect in the hilton chain . close proximity to bwi airport great weekend rate at least that weekend .
staff most helpful . be able to check in much earlier and get room on top floor as request . business room well equip
service be excellent
we attain this hotel at a great price . the room be comfortable and conveniently locate . the gym and pool be a definate plus . we would choose this hotel again .
the ceiling be drip water onto my broken toilet . the place be in desperate need of renovation . it be clean as it could be for the condition it be in .
one of the best hotel i stay . a
it be lovely and relaxing . i will come again thank
i finally find my go to hotel near bwi airport . i travel a lot through that airport and after bum around i finally find the one very clean hotel with the utmost courteous staff
i stay in hgi all the time and usually it be reliably clean with very pleasant staff . our room be fairly wear and not someplace you would want to walk barefoot . more than that the staff weren t super helpful stingy on the tiny shampoo bottle when i ask for more i be travel with 3 daughter with a lot of hair refuse to let us have breakfast even though we arrive before 10 a.m. grant it be 9 55am but the full buffet be still sit there . to top it off the pool be only open at night on weekday even though it be a holiday weekend monday .
this be a nive hotel . the bed be very confortable . the room be very clean and it be nice that they have a wall thermostat to better regulate the room temperature . the hvac be quiet and the staff be very helpful . the box spring be a bit worn though . i have use some pillow under the mattress to stop the feling of sleep up side down . other than that it be a great stay
this be a very nice place wit easy access to restaurant and the airport .
check in be quick . room be clean . about 11 p.m. we call to the front desk for a blanket . 15 minute later still not there . we call back to the front desk to inquire as to the blanket location . we be then tell they do not have available staff to bring it up . i go to the front desk to retrieve it . surprise 2 people at the desk . the next morning i call for some towel . 20 minute later call again . another 20 minute we be share towel . they never show . one of the adult in our party find bed bug i go down to the front desk and ask for a manager . he do not want to come out of his room state he didn t get back to his room until very late . after some insistance he show up . his answer be to give me a 10 gift card to target . i like most of the garden inn we have stay at . this one will never see me again .
the hotel be enjoyable and everything be clean and more than we expected.the pool be nice plenty of towel and a life guard on duty . the room be clean and the servic be excellent .
my family stay overnite the staff be friendly and very helpful large cleen room .
excellent hotel overall great location friendly staff comfortable bed free internet
outstanding hotel . after spend the day at inner harbor we spend the night at bwi s hilton garden inn . the staff be very friendly and help us find a good place to eat . the room be very comfortable and very clean . the whole hotel itself be very well maintain .
everything be great . staff be friendly and helpful . they have no problem give us a late checkout when we need it . overall great experience .
everything be great . breakfast be particularly yummy with make to order omelette . only room for improvement be to increase number of luggage cart available in the lobby .
i ve stay at this hotel before and be pleased when hotels.com again offer it at such a reasonable price . the hotel van come promptly to the airport check in be speedy and the room be clean and welcoming . the one issue be that i arrive at the hotel tired in the middle of the afternoon and the pool do not open until 6 pm . i get that they mostly get travel businessman but have the pool available in the afternoon would be a great advantage to work off some sore muscle and travel frustration . hotel itself though be great .
great
very nice hotel only complaint be that the pool be very small so if two family be in the pool it s overcrowded but would definetly stay again .
my stay be very short with actually only be a night sleep and catch an early flight however the room be clean and comfortable the staff be friendly and helpful .
we only have 2 wash rag and there be 3 occupant . the faucet on the shower be loose so we have to be careful . the room itself be clean and be very cozy especially since i be travel with 2 small child . we will definitely stay there again .
nice room with good size flat screen tv . resturant pricey and limited menu food be good .
clean comfortable and quiet room convenient shuttle to airport and they let me leave my car in their lot while i travel . good price too . perfect .
i love hilton property and i always choose one if it be available . this be not the nicest one i ve ever stay in . the smell of clean product be a little too pronounced . thing be a little dingy . but the bed be as comfortable as ever and the room be nice .
from the moment i arrive i have the best experience . the hotel be locate near several restarant that be within walk distance and the hotel even have room servicee . the room be clean and very spacious . another bonus be that there be free parking for rental car or if you drive your own car . overall great service and if i go back to the area i will definitely look into stay there again
hotelxcellent h
i make a reservation through expedia . i d read an article say that all the room have be refurbish so i think i be ok . a day before our stay i look at the alamo s web site which advise that one need to call the motel to get a refurbished room . i try call them over the course of 4 hour ... more
excellent location clean hotel safe friendly and helpful staff . we ve stay twice this year short drive distance to disney park . great for family travel breakfast and wifi include . will stay again
very nice hotel . room be quite comfortable . donna at the front desk be super helpful and suggest many nearby restaurant . hotel be centrally locate . lobby have a nice bar too . will plan to come back.greeting thank you for stay with us here at the l.a . hotel downtown . so happy to hear that we exceed your expectation in every way during your stay . can t wait to see you back with us .. best regard the l.a . hotel downtown
my experience here be ok . the staff be very welcoming and professional . the hotel be a bit dated . my bathroom be very small . in fact the bathroom be pretty lame .... give the price i will likely look elsewhere next time .
great place to stay for the price . newly remodel and well maintain . closeness to interstate be very good . easy access with plenty of place to eat and shop . quaint small town . feel very safe staing there
everyone there be very friendly accommodating and helpful . hide behind holiday inn it s very much worth the stay . this be the 3rd or 4th time we have use this hotel and will continue to . never have a problem here and continental breakfast offer a huge variety .
this hotel be an easy on off from the freeway . the hotel staff be polite and courteous . the room be quiet and comfortable . during both of our stay we be the only one use the pool and that be a bonus . the breakfast bar impress us with the variety of option available . definitely recommend this hotel
never again the room comforter be stain terribly and find hair on sheet . they give us another room and it look the same . you get what you pay for i guess . we leave and drive to another hotel
it be great room be very nice n they treat me like a vip
the picture on their web site be correct but everything else be garbage . the bathroom have what look like blood on the curtain . there be people outside drink alcohol and be loud despite the 40 degree weather with rain . the stairway up to the 3rd floor smell like urine . strongly recommend to pay the extra money and stay at a different hotel . would not take family here .
hair all over place shower curtain rod break and couldn t keep closed water go all over floor insense stick stick out vent and cover burn hair dryer didn t work wrong insert for coffee non usable room didn t get clean at all next day . staff not knowledgeable at front desk housekeeping be tell to come to room and never show . maintenance do show and be ok but not the most interactive . front desk no apology give . 1 of our worst stay ever .
need improvement our room have a odor the toliet leak the room be not clean that well .
check in staff do not smile or greet me . she just look at me when i walk up to the counter . housekeeping lady have an attitude and be rude . do not bring washcloth towel or extra pillow that i request . no one answer the phone when i call several time . there be no micro fridge or microwave as i expect and think they state . no iron or iron board and they require to hold my husband i would in order to use an iron . i will never stay at this hotel again
although the hotel be in a convenient location and be inexpensive the housekeeping be not acceptable . sheet be not change . towel be not replace . sink be not clean . in addition there be sketchy people in the lobby and hang around the premise . do not feel safe or comfortable . would not stay here again .
be only there to shower before hit the road back home but the room be nice and clean . there be minor flaw such as ding and dent here and there but other than that it be a basic hotel .
not go here again . no coffee dirty place and bad neighborhood
we come to the hotel and weree so.overwhelme with the smell of bleach that our eye and throat burn . the carpet be damp with the stuff and we couldn t even open the window to open it up . there be hair all over the bathroom and there be trash under the bed .
i have visit this hotel twice now . on the first i enjoy a king size bed and a clean room however on my second visit to this hotel i find that the bedspread have a visible stain on it as soon as i enter the door . the towel which be mean to be white didn t appear to have be bleach at all so they be dingy . on the floor lead to the bathroom be a red stain which i cringe to imagine what it consist of . overall the room wasn t as clean as the one i enjoy on the first visit .
i be happy to see the hotel be close to my destination . disappoint however that there be spot on the bedspread and my travel companion find a dead bug on her pillow case . i ask her to call the front desk to tell them but she didn t want to . we also have to stop by the office to get a bath mat . i know i didn t pay a lot but i would rather pay for peace of mind than to experience yuck .
don t let the hotel pic fool you . the room be very small outdate . save your money go across the street or even down the street for a better not to mention safer stay . pay the extra 10 or 20 go to holiday inn express . trust me .
the temperature in the room be inconsistent . it be either to hot or to cold . the unit do not maintain the temperature i select which be really uncomfortable at night while try to sleep . the fabric shower curtain be dirty . it have stain and what appear to be dry up shampoo with hair .
the room be adequate but not anything else . i stay here because it be the only room i could get because of a jazz fest at the hampton coliseum . the rate be about 2.5 time the regular room rate definitely not worth the price but i have no choice .
check in service be slow . personnel be rude . smoking room be give to two non smoker . strong smell in room even with air conditioner run non stop .
it be not as well keep as the rri bwi but it be very convenient to the convention ctr and restaurant .
i would sleeep on the street rather than this motel .
not very good . room have many issue . i have a total of 3 room and there be problem in each room particularly mine . hotel staff be not very friendly . probably overwork due to the fact that one person do about 4 different job . can not and will not get the attention you need if there be a problem
i stay here for one night . i be not able to check in right at 3 pm so i have to leave and come back . the young lady at the front desk be pleasant enough . the room be decent although the bath towel smell like cigarette smoke . i do see the cleaning staff outside the room with their cart smoking cigarette . at time some of the guest be a bit loud and you could here them but it didn t bother me enough to complain . the location be good for where i need to go . ok place to stay for a night or 2 but i would not do more than that .
the room be suppose to be a non smoking room yet the smell make it clear that previous patron have smoke and more than just cigarette . there be a cigarette burn on the wall above one of the bed . the overall condition of the room be disappoint especially when it cost 80.80 for a one night stay .
perfect for a family of four on chincoteague . clean friendly well appoint convenient to everything . a no hassle getaway for a holiday weekend .
what a pleasant surprise . all room have a great view and be clean . staff be friendly and helpful . this hotel be a real value .
close to the park and to the downtown we be very pleased definitely would stay again
wonderful staff clean hotel great location
nice hotel with beautiful view . business trip so unfortunately only stay one night but will definitely return .
the comfort suite in chincoteague va have a sumptuous breakfast with hot and cold choice even fresh waffle daily . the room be large and comfortable the housekeeping staff very on top of their work and the front desk accomodate and available . the location be perfect near enough to walk to the shop near enough to assateague for a quick beach drive . lovely for child .
great friendly service . close to beach and great restaurant and art gallery . comfortable room . we have a great time .
everything be wonderful down to the sign the balloon and chocolate bar in the room for the 2 birthday we be celebrate . great view of the chincoteague channel room be clean staff be very courteous breakfast buffet be extremely scrumptious . overall very excellent stay in the middle of november
the hotel be almost completely renovate . all room have bay view and no smoking . room be comfortable with separate seating area and table chair . like the idea of go green by request that visitor opt not to have sheet towel change everday . will definitely return .
this hotel be perfect for a girl trip over labor day for year we d go to ocean city but this year we do not want to get overrun with labor day crowd and we happen to find chincoteague . it be the perfect choice even on labor day the traffic be minimal it be quiet and the beach be not very crowded at all . the hotel be a short 10 minute drive from the beautiful beach so we could go any time . the room be very clean update comfortable and spacious with a gorgeous view of the bay . swimming in the outdoor pool overlook the water make you feel like you be on a tropical island . the staff be incredibly nice help us with direction and anything else we need . it make a huge difference that we could pay a little extra and extend our checkout time to 7 p.m. we be able to have a whole extra day at the beach before have to pack up and go home it be great we be look forward to our next vacation at the comfort suite
bad room be a bit small and food be mediocre . good atmosphere overall be chill . great after busy workday .
bad need higher wattage light bulb in bedside lamp . larger pillow for bed . good like the character of the hotel . unique . nostalgic . bar and restaurant be fun . friendly staff . good food . reasonable price .
bad nothing . good pool food bar enormous room large bath room garden staff
bad pool crowd with local mom tot . would love common gathering room all designate common space be also use for meeting and be book while we be there . good charming quiet clean friendly staff fun happy hour at tiny corner bar . beautiful courtyard garden . large fire pit out front .
our hotel staff recommend we check it out for the view and brew and we just love it such a cool idea to re use a character fill building there s a little something for everyone there ... we check out a new movie for only 3 and enjoy drink and food while relax in comfy couch . price be very reasonable and the atmosphere ... more
i honestly can not say enough wonderful thing about this hotel and the staff that keep it run impeccably i travel often for business and i be absolutely blow away by the wonderful customer service i receive at this particular location . i have stay twice book a third stay and look forward to it every single time . i go as far ... more
excellent accommodation excellent staff super super breakfast in the morning with everything you can imagine . stay at this hotel you will be happy easy access to the highway easy access to many venue . very clean the staff be very welcoming when i arrive
we be pleasantly surprised with the hilton garden inn . when we arrive we think it must be very new rather than 8 year old because everything be so clean and fresh . our room be clean and comfortable . the service be excellent the front desk clerk call just after check in to ensure that our room meet expectation and the one ... more
when i first pull in the parking lot i see furniture sit outside of every room on the first floor when i ask the front desk clerk about it he say they be remodel . we find hair in the sheet so we ask the clerk for new sheet and he couldn t locate any . the next morning we go to front desk and the clerk tell us tocall corporate . later that night be when we discover that we be actually be bite by bed bug not only be we bite we see them with our own eye i lift the pillow from under my husband and see one tiny bug then i start to examine my daughter bed and i spot a huge one .
the check in clerk tell us they have a report of bug in one room . turn out they be infest with roach and the staff be aware of the issue .
it have roach ... roach .
the hotel be extremely crowd the weekend we stay . but despite the hallway pool and breakfast buffet be very busy and full of family ... it be a nice stay our room be nice ... fridge and microwave be handy . guest laundry be also handy . breakfast selection be lovely . overall nice stay . location be convenient for me fairly close to ut tyler . also right ... more
great location . the employee be always eager to help and truly seem sincere they have an excellent breakfast area my room be very clean and air conditioner really work great . i would come back for a stay for sure
we book here for a second year in a row . we love the first time around . the location be perfect the ground and pool be great and duke s restaurant on the resort ground fit in well . however on our second visit in august the ocean view room be at tree level thus no ocean view . the check in desk ... more
this be our first trip to hawaii and we spend several month plan . it will be easier next time because we plan to come back to this resort on our next trip . no complaint whatsoever . we be fortunate to arrive shortly after the main pool reopen . i can imagine that would have put a serious crimp on thing . with all ... more
seriously where do i begin . absolutely hand down amazing . i be so happy we stay at this resort . the pool the food the service .... they be the best . i be tell you if you want to enjoy your vacation stay here . we have the best trip we love our suite . the hotel be so clean the food be so good they ... more
we stay here in july for half of our maui stay . we have be to maui several time and this be our favorite place we ve stay so far . we book through chase rainbow and after read review be a little concerned since we would not be able to get service from the resort staff . however everyone be great . we have ... more
the resort be very very nice . 4 star all the way . the condo be well appoint large and super comfortable full upgrade kitchen washer and dryer 3 flat screen tv huge bathroom plenty of closets king bed huge lanai with table and chair . you don t want for a single thing while you re in your room . however the resort be ... more
myself and my wife just return from a week long trip to maui . here be an accurate review . pro this resort be beautiful it be practically brand new have a great location with amazing view . we stay in a one bedroom studio ocean view and our room be amazing . great kitchen spectacular view and a comfortable bed . con ... more
even though this resort be highly recommend by our travel agent we have no idea it be go to be such a joy to stay there . this be our first trip to hawaii as a family and our three teenage daughter age 19 16 and 13 absolutely love it . even though it do seem there be a lot of younger ... more
i be truly impress by the resort would come back again in a heart beat stay in a 2 bedroom 2 bath condo in the konea building . amazing beach waterfront . enjoyed duke s restaurant on a numbe of occation .
the honua kai be the newest resort in the ka anapali area . the place be nice and clean and very comfortable . we ve stay in several resort in the ka anapali area and the honua kai be a very nice resort and well locate with quick easy access from the main road and closeness to the beach . the beach area be nice and ... more
we just come back from our vacation and i can say that we want to go back already . honua kai resort be really great and well maintain . we didn t have any bad thing to say about our stay and can only think of great experience there . the staff be extremely friendly and helpful from valet to front desk to ... more
my wife and 2 boy love the room . 2 bedroom suite be perfect for us and the view be unbeatable . the first day we check in we go to the pool and immediate greet by josh at the pool . he be very nice and extremely helpful . he get us all set up with towel snorkel gear and cabana for the ... more
we go to maui for our honeymoon for 10 day in october . we book the first 5 night at the honua kai and the last 5 at the hyatt . we wish we would have stay all 5 at the honua kai . this resort far surpass any of the hotel resort we see and stay at . we be greet with friendly helpful ... more
i be finally get around to write this review after stay last year . this resort be amazing we have such a great time and be very sorry to leave . the room be wonderful we have a one bedroom suite face the back get ocean front if you can afford it . the resort be pristine with beautiful flower boardere the ... more
we rent a partial ocean view unit here through vrbo for our honeymoon and love it . i read a lot of review about the amount of child at the resort and there be a lot of family however there be a lot of child and family everywhere on maui so this do not bother us at all . the resort ground ... more
travel with family of 4 child 9 5 . stay in a 2 bedroom apartment with partial ocean view . the apartment be very spacious and well appoint . after see other review on this web site regard privately own apartment i actually rent our apartment through a separate web site to the resort itself . this web site have numerous privately own ... more
beautiful resort fantastic room . staff be unbelievably great . no expense spare at this resort . win t be able to return soon enough . if you go to maui this be the place to stay .
let me say upfront that this could have be a 4 star resort . give it three due to the treatment we receive upon arrival . we arrive early to the konea tower know a room would likely not be ready and even say to the lady work we know we re early . the front desk clerk proceed to curtly and that s use ... more
we stay in the 3 bedroom suite and it be gorgeous . we be on the second floor in the first tower overlook the pool and the ocean . it be beyond my expectation . the kitchen be brand new and beautiful and they have it stock with mostly every utensil and kitchen aid you would need . the hotel also supply you with ... more
arrive in the middle of the week for a 6 night stay . upon arrival the location be gorgeous . the open air check in lobby set the tone for the vacation . the bellman very helpful fast and have everything he need for the job . we rent a two bedroom 2 bathroom villa from the hotel and we have no problem . the ... more
lovely ground . we have a very nice one bedroom condo on 8th floor mountain view . full kitchen . we stay 15 night and have more room 745 sq ft make a difference . the cleaning service be a bit of a joke however only every other day mainly to change the linen . outdoors the space be pretty but not very functional . i ... more
since i m a travel agency owner i travel a lot . this resort luxury brand new condo be pricey but worth every dollar you spend . amazing snorkel with lot of fish and huge turtle be guarantee the ground be so beatiful and well keep . lot of pool and barbeque place . giant supermarket time right across the road . room be brand ... more
i stay at honua kai with my family for a week in late december . the room be very nice contemporary clean and well maintain ... though i would have appreciate a few more hawaiian touch . the resort ground and pool area be beautiful but the beach be too rocky to fully enjoy . have the fantastic duke s restaurant on property be another ... more
first time i ve ever stay here and definitely not the last . we have always stay at the whaler but this time be look for a condo with better ammenitie that be more appealing to our your child . honua kai be the perfect mix . it be a privately own condo with a resort feel . the ground be amazing the board walk ... more
this be a condo resort . we rent a studio which mean that the bedroom live area and kitchen be all in one . that suit us fine . the lanai be adequate for us . there be two what appear to be identical building . the first night after dinner at duke on the property we walk back to what we think be our ... more
we recently spend eight day at honua kai konea tower studio ocean view on the 8th floor . the ground be immaculate and staff be friendly and helpful . we ve never stay in a condo for vacation before but find our stay to be the best of both a full service hotel and the convenience of a condo . our kid love the pool ... more
we just return from one week at the honua kai and would go back again . the resort be beautiful . we be initially in a one bedroom mountain view room . we arrive late at night so i do not get the full effect of the room until the next morning and i be not happy with the road noise that ... more
i will start this review by say that honua kai be not a hotel or a resort . it s amazing that they charge a 25.00 resort fee because this place be merely a condominium complex . i ve read the numerous other review on this place and most of them be spot on . the room be nice because they be new but everything else ... more
we have stay at the ka anapali alii which be fantastic but much more expensive on our first trip and look forward to this trip back to kaanipali . although this resort be beautiful it be off the beat path with not as much to do . i guess you could walk to whaler s village but it s a long walk . duke s be great ... more
we rent a condo through an agency and have the most amazing week stay here . our suite be top notch just perfect . the ground be stunning and all the staff be super helpful with anything we need . be handy to have duke s on site too . the kiddy pool can get a bit rowdy but there be other pool to choose from ... more
we return to hk for our 4th year and try this unit . it be on the other side of the property but still with an internal view . the unit be do in the same way as the other furniture tvs kitchen and layout with 1 exception . the owner have replace the main area carpet with tile . this be great for ... more
we be near the end of our 9 night stay at honua kai and it have be terrific . we have meet many west coast folk who come every summer as repeat visitor and if we didn t have the long trip from the east coast we could easily join that group . ground stunning . immaculately maintain . you go out in the morning and ... more
we stay in 719 rent thru vrbo . the unit be perfect seem brand new and have all the extra you could need hair dryer beach chair aloe for your sunburn etc . resort and pool be busy because it be easter week but we always manage to find a spot . love have a condo so we could enjoy breakfast relax ... more
we book this hotel through vrbo website ten day for 3 of us . it be enjoyable experience . parking lot right in the front of the main entrance but we use underground one . it have easier access to the elevator and don t need to worry about rain or heat . the room be nice with separate bedroom and well appoint with all ... more
we have a family vacation to maui every year and have stay at numerous place . i be very pleased to say i finally find a place that i will re book over and over again . there be no need to look any further for us . the condo unit 206 at the hokulani be everything and more of what be describe in ... more
we really love this place . it s beautiful . the ground look great . the room be spacious and very well keep . we would definitely stay again . we have a three bedroom unit and they be all wonderful .
as you can see i be a senior reviewer for trip advisor . you can also view my other review especially on hotel and in so do you will see that i have never leave a negative review in large part because i be careful to vet where i choose to stay unlike this instance where i would never even hear of hanua kai ... more
it be rare that a property can fulfill all my travel fantasy ... but the honua kai deliver even beyond my high expectation . a friend recommend we try this property over a big brand we usually go with and we be pleasantly surprised . from the moment we arrive the valet service be quick to welcome and assist us ... they have a list of ... more
great view great pool my girlfriend love the full kitchen and the washer and dryer .. lot of family but the adult pool be quiet . beach area be nice also . love our stay comfy bed and the air work great . the balcony be huge with a table and chair . fully equipte kitche with utensile and glassware . even a martini shaker ... more
we have another excellent vacation at honua kai . i look around at the competitor westin sheraton marriott but rent a honua kai condo through vrbo be still a considerable saving . it s a little further away from the action around whaler village but we really didn t want to spend much time do that anyways . there be a shuttle ... more
we stay at konea tower face the beach . the amenity provide by this resort be great from full kitchen bosch dishwasher washer and dryer furnish with detergent everyday . great for couple and especially family . the concierge service be excellent as well help us plan our first trip to maui . we will return .
the resort be one of the most gorgeous place i have ever stay at . everything about the place be top notch . the room be beautiful and equip with everything you would need in the full kitchen and bath . the room open up to a large balcony where we could eat our meal . we be give a gift basket with laundry detergent ... more
stay in 2 2 with ocean view . spacious with full kitchen . balcony be quite ample with door that open the whole thing up a fave feature . comfy bed sheet . very good and friendly staff . great snorkeling reef out front bring reef shoe . how can you miss with duke on premise everything we have there be excellent . very nearby market and ... more
we get an awesome price for our room . when we arrive the staff be very friendly and helpful . our room be spacious clean and have everything you could possibly need . the pool be great and your so close to the beach .
three generation travel to this paradise with great expectation . we be not disappoint this be a lovely well keep resort . we stay on the fourth floor in the middle of the u shaped building and enjoy a breathtaking view of the sea . the nana door of the lanai and also the door of the master bedroom open up accordion style ... more
two family share a two bedroom two bathroom condo and didn t feel crowded at all . plenty of space in the living and dining area with extra space on the balcony too . the kid love the swimming pool with slide and we have a nice lunch by the pool and dinner at the duke . lovely holiday resort only slight downside be ... more
go here with the family in june of 2011 . it s a beautiful hotel with lot of nice touch in the room ac ceiling fan glass accordion door that open to the lanai full kitchen and washer dryer . the kid enjoy swim in many pool and the great snorkeling on the beach . we choose a mountain view room to save on cost ... more
my wife fall in love with this resort the moment she enter the room . the view be gorgeous and the resort be kid friendly . the kitchen be nice and clean so be the laundry room . we wish we could stay longer than we plane .
awesome resort we be always pleased with the staff and the room . one of the best resort beach in lahaina . great beach entry for kid and the pool have plenty to keep the kid happy . we have stay at this resort 4 time and will continue in the future .
it be our first time stay at the honua kai ... we be there for a week .... i have my girlfriend and her 84 yo blind grandmother with me ... we stay in a 2 bedroom bathroom suite 147 on the bottom floor ... the suite be well stock and have high end bosch appliance .... be aware that full housekeeping be only every 4th day and trash and towel ... more
we stay in a 4 bedroom condo with spectacular ocean view the resort be clean and very welcoming we be celebrate my youngest sister s monumental 40th birthday and the concierge help us organize to have a local company deliver a gourmet cake and gorgeous lei prior to our arrival . the staff be absolutely amazing the pool be clean and very ... more
this be our second time in maui . honua kai be a relatively new hotel resort . our reservation be thru aaa travel agency we have a one bedroom suite ocean view . resort awesome lobby check in be a breeze polite and efficient valet service enjoy the quiet pool with our teenage son fitness room be adequate and updated equipment on site cafe ... more
have just return from a week long vacation at the honua kai i be tear at what to say . the service be great everyone person we encounter be very polite and very helpful and courteous . the room lobby and garden be very very clean and really beautiful . we have a studio ocean view and a 2 bedroom resort view . the ... more
my family include 2 boy 12 9 share a unit with my parent we be all extremely impressed with this property there really isn t a bad view from any of the balcony the property be locate right on the beach the pool be all very easily accessible from any where . the kitchen be very useful the ... more
we have a 2 bedroom resort view apartment . we open the door and say wow . the bedroom be massive two spectacular bathroom individually controllable air con and ceiling fan modern kitchen with almost everything you need to be self sufficient there be no wooden spoon comfortable king size bed ample parking modern fitness room amazing pool for all taste and ... more
the honua kai resort and spa be the best place for our family to enjoy all that maui have to offer . our two bedroom unit come with a great living room balcony with an ocean view full kitchen to feed a family of 5 and access to pool beach and duke restraurant . the room and service be great and the ... more
unreal facility and it be connect to the new duke s beach house restaurant which be fabulous beach be drop dead gorgeous with plenty of sea turtle . but in order to really make it happen find dawson chasity and they will make your vacation perfection . best customer service anywhere . a really wonderful place to vacation
honua kai be the best resort i have be too . we originally go for our honeymoon and return a year later with our new son . we be on the ground floor rent through kbr in the konea tower next to the coffee shop . the resort be extremely convenient for a stroller wheelchair access . duke on site doesn t offer happy hour snack ... more
first class building that be locate directly across the highway from the west maui sewage treatment plant . if you room face east this be you view . ours be a corner unit that also have view of two abandon construction site . the day time wind blow the smell up the hill but at night if the wind drop the smell be ... more
everything be perfect and the staff be incredibly helpful . the property be clean and the pool be sparkle anthony at the pool hut go above and beyond to accommodate our need . thank anthony
our first time at this resort be in august of 2012 and we just return on november 15 from our second visit . we have two two bedroom suite and my parent stay in 225 the problem with this room be the endless cochroach issue they spray twice do a vip cleaning and still cochroache last visit be spectacular this visit ... more
honua kai be the perfect place for our honeymoon locate along the coast honua kai have both the ambiance of the ocean and the view of the mountain . it give us a great homebase to travel around the island both rurally and to other town downtown area . the service the food the atmosphere all just right and just ... more
we stay here in april and fall in love with the property . a year ago we stay at the westin kanaapali ocean resort and want to go back there but nothing be available . we be just as happy at the honua kai as at the westin the ground be gorgeous there s plenty of pool pool side service and of course ... more
great place for family . the room be spacious and in great shape . the pool be nice and offer variety for kid or adult . the beach be right there by the pool . we would spend hour at the pool then head to the beach and back to the pool . family of five have plenty of room with the 2 bedroom . one ... more
honua kai resort be an exemplary resort with outstanding service . our two bedroom suite be very comfortable with a nice kitchen and great balcony with panoramic view . it be an unforgettable stay for our family . the ground be beautiful with waterfall pond lot of seat area and swim pool area for all to enjoy . poolside service be a nice bonus ... more
go with a 3.5 year old and have a great time . the pool be well organized where some be for adult only some be for everyone and some be clearly specifically for kid . good food and drink available poolside and at duke s restaurant . beautiful trail to walk or run on along the beach . great staff .
if you be look for the resort feel where you be pamper day and night then this place may not be for you . if you be look for a low key private and relax honeymoon or family trip this be the place for you . my wife and i stay in a studio on the 8th floor for 5 night and ... more
we arrive at around 11 a.m. . we re tell room not ready yet try in a few hour . but definitely by 4 p.m. room finally ready at 4 p.m. as with everyone else s so we have to wait in line for check in . because we be early our bag be last to be deliver . wait 2 hour for our bag and end up get ... more
spend my honeymoon here well one week of it . what a great place . very much like a condo they have barbq for you to use the restaurant the duke be really good but a bit pricey . room be big and well worth the money .
we have stay here twice in the last two year for 13 and 15 day respectively . awesome location and facility . the choice between the pool and the beach be always a tough one life be hard . the room be very good the staff be friendly and the price be reasonable for what you get . . . and it be ... more
we take our family kid grandkid to maui to celebrate my 65th b day . we rent two condo at hk resort ... one be a two bedroom 3 bath ocean front the other be a one bedroom and den unit . the ocean front unit be fantastic . our grandkid could go from the unit to the pool with the waterslide and we could see ... more
i have big expectation after read all the review . we book a one bedroom mountain view hokulani building room 524 via vrbo directly with an owner phoenix she be helpful throughout the booking process . she tell us to collect the key from security as we have a week in waikiki prior and be from australia so ... more
we have now stay at honua kai twice and both time have be fabulous . the resort be set on a gorgeous sandy beach and have fabulous pool . you really do get the best of both world . the pool ... amazing . there be a quiet adult pool and three other fabulous fun pool . it s soooo kid friend with a 1 2 foot pool for ... more
the room be brand new with huge balcony . a glass wall open to the balcony so that the room be fully open to the outside . the staff be extremely friendly and courteous and the hotel be in a great location . each unit have a full kitchen and the pool area be what you expect from a much more expensive resort .... more
we rent out a 2 bedroom 2 bathroom mountain face condo at honua kai through a real estate agent we find on one of those website vrbo where condo owner list their condo for vacation rental . it work out to be about 40 50 off honua kai s rack rate . we didn t receive cleaning service everyday just when we move in and ... more
we stay at the honua kai in 2012 and although it have increase in price significantly it be still an amazing place . go through vbro and rent which be cheaper than on the hotel site . really not a bad room the sun rise over the mountain and set right out front . it have everything you need beautiful pool well clean ... more
if you re visit the beach stay here i m a former local and know all about the excessive noise and confusion on the oceanfront . stay at this lovely quiet bay front hotel and drive to the craziness of the oceanfront when you want to go down there . park in the municipal lot on pacific and 19th street and you re in the heart of the tourist area . take you own bike and simply ride all over the boardwalk .... then go back to a quiet comfortable relax hotel room .
love it .
the hotel have see better day . the room be adequate and clean but nothing to rave about . the indoor pool be very cold despite be heat . my son and i could only stay in for about 20 minute . we be on the 6th floor and it have a peculiar smell in the hallway that suggest they may be renovate on that floor ... it be that chemical smell ... of new carpet or glue ... not sure . our room service dish stay in the hallway one full day and night after we finish with them .... overall ... probably win t go back it be just so so
staff be very nice and helpful set up golf trip get direction provide shuttle etc . clean room nice pool nice restaurant . hot tub be kind of small and if want to swim in ocean a lot may want to stay on va beach instead of bay but not very far away if do not mind drive .
the hotel be very clean hospitable . the entire staff be very couteous and prompt in response to my need during my stay . i would like to suggest that this particular hotel whose location be right on the oceanfront perhaps offer special or service gear more towards romantic getaway .
overall the hotel be ok except we have to ride for about 30 45 min to find a decent resturant because the one that be locate at the hotel be close due to a family reunion . because of the convienence of the resturant be part of the reason why i stay and once we get there and they say that someone have reserve it we be very disappointed .
the bed pillow and linen be fine . the a c and other pipe noise be loud and you could hear everything go on in the hallway . the tub fill from a shower and take forever to drain . furniture be wear and date . beach be great and so be the pool . for the price and since we know we wouldn t be in the room much it be okay but next trip to virginia beach we will try a different place .
spacious room a lovely bay view and a reasonable price but there be enough weird thing that i win t be back . i do also appreciate the warm indoor pool for my winter visit . weird thing the light switch just inside my door do nothing so i have to cross the room in the dark to turn on a light . door to the deck didn t actually latch shut but at least it have a lock chain like on front door . room key both stop work ... twice ... and have to be reset . elevator sometimes reopen immediately after shut for no reason have to hit door close again . or be summon to the floor i be wait on then didn t open . have to summon the elevator again for the door to open .
all as expect
the hotel staff be very helpful and courteous . the room be clean and have plenty of room for our family of 4 . not immediately in the highly commercial area which we love . the beach on the chesapeake bay wasn t extremely crowded which be a bonus . they have very nice hotel ammenitie include an indoor outdoor pool hot tub semi private beach water activity kid camp etc . we have the opportunity to hear a live band in the restaurant too . food lion right across the street and only a short drive to the more commercialized area . we love it and would definitely stay there again .
the public area of this property be relatively well maintain and the staff there be friendly and efficient . oddity 1 . the layout of the room the bed be very close to the door so it be impossible to ignore the noise in the hallway that go on all night . 2 . housekeeper expect to clean the room while we be in it . 3 . hotel staff knock on the door at 10 p.m. and insist on enter the room to exchange a new phone book for the old one in the room even though we tell them the child be sleep . very strange .
decent hotel need to be update .
we be look for a quiet retreat and we find it our suite have a partial waterfront view that be sublime the decor be wonderful and we enjoy cook for ourselves although we do treat ourselves to their fabulous restaurant we even stay an extra day this be our best stay in virginia beach and we will be back soon
hotel be outdate but very comfy . good price and be offer an upgrade free of charge . have a view and direct access to the bay beach .
un peu decu de l hotel le batiment a manque d entretien au fil des annee et serait du pour une re decoration majeure il semble que ce serait commence mais nous avon rien vu de cela . le personnels semblent souvent depasse mais est toujours tres sympathique et serviable .
staff very friendly and helpful . room be great can t wait to come back
outstanding hotel location not as convenient as i remember with respect to fast food restaurant for that quick bite to eat . very quiet area well it be dead of winter but just the same we enjoy the peace and quiet .
we be not impressed with this hotel . when we reach our floor it smell like mold . the room be outdate and the bed be extremely uncomfortable . you could hear everything come from the hallway so it be extremely loud . on the good side it be a bonus that the beach be not crowd and that the room be very big .
i find the hotel very nice . the room be clean the hallway be clean and there be not a lot of noise . the beach be yucky but the pool the gym and the jacuzzi be very nice . if you eat at the tradewind restaurant don t order the crab cake . i m still try to decide what they taste like . it certainly be not like a crab cake . unfortunately the hotel lose a customer for meal for the next 3 day as we do not want to chance another food diaster .
great the room be very nice n clean . we want to get away for day at beach . wish have stay longer .
los cuartos muy limpios la limpieza en la alberca eso me gusto mucho todos los dias la limpian y le dedican tiempo a q quede todo bien eso se aprecia
we have an outstanding time here right near the beach and minute from the boardwalk . we would recommend this hotel to anyone
the hotel be in a good location and work well for family with the kitchen set up . noisy on a saturday night after event party etc .
arrive early to combat traffic . despite know that check in be 4 pm i ask that morning about the possibility of an early check in and be tell absolutely not . i return about 3 pm to find many people check in ahead of the 4 p.m. deadline i be give . the carpet be wear and age rapidly the wall need a new coat of paint desperately . the staff be pleasant if not a little understaffed . it be a holiday weekend but this hotel be not worth the premium they be charge .
i stay here with my mother and niece . upon arrival i find a use condom on the floor . i go to the front desk who tell me they be sorry in a non apologetic tone but do not offer me a new room nor to come pick it up or any money off my hotel room . the room be dirty the bed be very uncomfortable . in the morning when i go to check out i wait for the woman to get off the phone before a rude man bust in front of me and ask to be check out . the woman at the front desk do not tell him i be next in line and she serve him first despite me wait there . i will never go back here nor will i reccomend it . it s disgusting .
the hotel be obviously last decorate in the 1980s . it be definately not a resort the work out center be dirty . the pool be much smaller than the 1980s brochure depict . the brochure show someone sit on the island . there be a sign indicate that you must stay off of the island . there be a young girl in a raft in the swimming pool on the brochure also . that be laughable a female bartender description caucasian w longer brown hair sorry all i ve get be extremely rude during every interaction the comforter have a blood stain on the side that sit on the pillow . the outside of the balcony door be completely rust . the room door be paper thin . we hear every normal volume conversation that go on outside of the room include the one that occur at 3 a.m. truly we be awaken several time during each night just by conversation occur in the hallway . the noise level be by far the worst part of the stay . we get very little sleep .
good
the location be nice as well as the hotel staff but be not a good place to stay if you need to get any sleep at night . i stay there twice and both time i have to call down to the front desk and have security come up and investigate noise issue . guest seem to congregate in the hallway create lot of noise into the wee hour of the morning .
my second cousin be get marry on the beach a short walk from this hotel so i be very happy to find this place at a discount price on the week of the trip . the hotel be fine overall but there be some small thing that bug me the bed be squeaky the towel be scratchy some machinery within a lock area in the bathroom be run and make a lot of noise right next to the wall between the bathroom and the bedroom next to the bed where my wife and i sleep . it didn t keep me up at night but it be noticeable . some good thing to make sure you don t think it be all bad the hotel s restaurant tradewind have great food and it provide good room service and it be the first time i d see room service at a reasonable price . the hotel be right on the beach and since it s not in the crowded part of va beach shore there s not so many other people to deal with . also the hotel be on the shore of vb that be in the chesapeake bay so the water be much calmer than the beach along atlantic avenue something to consider if you have young child .
some year ago my father in law select this hotel and we have a great time . after he stop go the rest of us go down again but stay somewhere else . big mistake so this time it be without question as to where we be go . this will be our spot every year for a week . the people be great as well .
the primary complaint be the inability to enjoy the pool and the beach because work renovation be go on that leave a steady snow like shower of styrofoam sprinkle that blow over everything and coat the pool . it would seem that some type of netting could have be instal to have prevent this . hotel patron have to vacate both indoor and outdoor pool for staff to attempt to clean up the residue and of course there be no sunbathing to be have under the circumstance . so much for our one beach day .
i be very very pleased .
my daughter and i just need a room for the night on our way home from pennsylvania . the free shuttle be very convenient .
we arrive at almost midnight after a long day of flying in from out of the country . the staff member who check us in be so pleasant and helpful and even give us 2 complimentary bottle of water . the hotel be clean bed comfortable and a great location to bwi . we would definitely recommend the hilton .
i work a conference here video document the workshop . i come in late on thursday and didn t have the best exoerience at the bar but they be try to close . the next morning the breakfast buffet be really good for 14.95 . the place be older but well maintain . the shuttle service be great . they take me to the very convenient light rail and to a restaurant . the a v crew be also really good and respobsive .
everything from the staff my room and the dining area be fabulous . the rate be great and i would recommend to anyone stay in the baltimor area to stay at the hilton
very new . very clean . i recommend stay there if visit baltimore or the surround area . it be a 10 15 minute drive to baltimore from the hotel . great price per night . the neighborhood be all hotel with a wendy s and bob evans near by . i will stay here next time i m in the area .
the bed be very comfortable however the iron do not work properly and water seep out of the bottom of the iron . water drain from the bottom of the shower and i have to put towel on the floor around the shower to prevent fall . the room be dusty the color in the room be not invite or appealing . i think a complimentary brunch would have be nice . if you be go to put coffee maker in the room at least give the customer something to stir the hot coffee .
just wonderful
stay overnight to enjoy time at the baseball museum and stadium . hotel very convenient to a lot of restaurant . hotel staff be very informational . hotel be very precise and peaceful in spite of multiple wedding . would definitely like to go back . thank .
everything go well till about 130 am when we be wake from a peaceful sleep of someone try to enter our room . i go to the door to find another couple who tell me we be in their room . apparently the front desk book our room twice . we never be able to get back to sleep which be a major problem as i be there for surgery the next morning at john hopkins . my wife be give a free breakfast i be unable to eat due to the surgery and we be tell we would receive a free voucher for a free night in the the future in the mail . as of the writing of this we still have not receive anything that be promise . this hotel be the bwi hilton .
this hotel be the best experience i have have with any hotel in quite some time . the staff be first rate and they treat you as a true guest . the food be outstanding and everything be calm and respectfully . i encourage any business traveler to choose this hotel if you be stay in the linthicum heights area
from the beginning to the end of my stay the hotel staff be extremely accommodating . i would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone .
the staff be excellent personable and very helpful . the hotel be top quality flat screen tv internet connectivity and just 3 month old at the time i visit .
the staff be not at the desk and when they finally come out ignore me and take another person in front of me . when it be time to check out they couldn t print me a receipt and say they would email me but never do .
i be strand in baltimore for the night and need a hotel near the airport . i reserve a room and call for a pickup . they be there within minute and i be at the hotel in 5 minute .
the hotel staff convey professionalism with the hotel guest . room very clean . the chair in the room need to be update and the elevator carpet need spot cleaning or be replace .
very clean relatively new hotel . flat screen tv s in room and great restaurant on ground level . highly recommend for business traveler . if you be look to really enjoy baltimore and relax this may not be the hotel for you . you will end up spend a lot of for cab ride .
this be a weekend get away for my husband s birthday . when we first arrive the receptionist be pleasant but screw up my information . keep tell me that my credit card have decline i have book through another travel company when i clearly show her my reservation status verify that my credit card be in good standing . she then go get a manager who have get everything take care of but didn t apologize on their end . after go through that hold up the line because she be the only one work she then tell us that the computer be down so she couldn t issue us room key . we ask what be we suppose to do she say that she would send house keep to out floor to let us in . house keep even struggle to get in have to get another person to open the door . finally enter the room check it thoroughly . room be dusty bathroom sink be clog when i wash my hand . take a shower later on and water leak all over bathroom floor . check back 3 hour later for the room key she tell us the machine be still down so we have to wait an additional hour or so . upon check out the next morning a different young lady ask how be our stay i explain briefly our experience . she then try to cover up for the hotel say oh it s just that the building be older and give us a free breakfast ticket which the food be nasty luke warm not hot . very disappointed will not be stay here again .
i just need to crash before an early morning flight . the airport shuttle service be fast and courteous the hotel bar be relax for a nightcap and the room have everything i need include a quiet night .
the hilton bwi be wonderful . we be greet by staff that be friendly and helpful . the room be absolutely great . i be shock by the 42 in plasma tv with hd programming . the service be excellent . i would recommend this hotel to anyone as the price be right . i will be stay there with my wife again .
very nice hotel with many convenience . we select because they provide a shuttle to the airport and downtown . we be able to stay without have to rent a car .
this be my second time stay at this hotel and each time the hotel staff have be accommodate the room be large and the decor be fresh update . this be my go to hotel when i need a place to stay that s close to bwi airport .
we book in here due to an early morning flight . it be a little more expensive than what we usually pay for when stay at a hotel but it be definitely worth it . very lovely clean room and the staff be very helpful and polite . the only downside be upon check out the early morning shuttle driver be run a little late and due to the amount of people and luggage be stress and become rude when try to squeeze the last few people on the shuttle ...... however the shuttle driver the day before be very friendly and helpful so it all even itself out .
the point of us stay at this hotel be to have safe parking and use their shuttle service to get us to light rail and into the city . the shuttle only be available every half hour and be full most of the time . we still end up have to drive into the inner harbor and pay for parking . not to mention that the hotel book 4 wedding on one day . all of the wedding guest park in the parking lot of the hilton as well as the adjacent hotel and we circle for hour try to find parking to no avail . we have to park down the street and hope we didn t get towed . i have go to the front desk to alert them of the issue . they couldn t be bother with my issue . however other guest state that they be offer free valet but then have to tip for the service . definitely not worth the price consider it s no better than a hampton inn or something similar in a lower price range . some of the desk personnel be lovely to deal with but one in particular be irritated if you speak to her .
excelente lo recomiendo al 100 y esta muy cerca del aeropuerto
i be surprised to find a newer hilton at such a reasonable price . i think there would be a catch though it turn out it be just a good find . very nice .
i stay a staybridge suit lincoln north for a month while my new house be be complete . that be a long time to be in a hotel with two dog who be use to have their own backyard . however i could not have ask for a better place to stay . the staff especially lucas and vita be so friendly and ... more
excellent hotel very easy to get to little italy . be a weekend getaway so perfect set .
great getaway will stay again
this be a great hotel . everything be brand new and clean . friendly staff . great location . i would highly recommend .
seamless clean friendly stay in a good location just off the water in harbor east . nice morning breakfast . nice premium hotel in a convenient area .
i recommend it for a quick couple getaway walk the area lot of restaurant tavern and live music .
drs appt at jhh . shuttle convenient . breakfast good .
excellent service great size room and great location for my family to stay while i have surgery .
very nice and modern hotel . nice complimentary breakfast . nice size room with separate couch area . very friendly staff . easy to walk to restaurant and inner harbour and fell land . convenient parking .
upon arrival we be welcome courteously . the receptionist give us a corner room with a convertible sofa bed . the extra space give us plenty of room to place all the thing need for the wedding . the daily breakfast which be delicious be very convenient to start our daily activity . the housekeeping staff be very accommodating and courteous and helpful . the security staff be always present near the front door and very welcoming
we love the hyatt place baltimore harbor east be a fantastic neighborhood full of shopping and great restaurant . it be convenient walk to the bay and to fell s point . the room be very nice and the staff be very courteous . thank you for a great long weekend
first off there be no parking valet be your only option which would be fine if it be a better hotel . our ac didn t work maintenance have to come reset it three time . very inconvenient at 8 p.m. 11 p.m. then again at 1 a.m. . the pool be a joke it s more like a bathtub . and the amazing breakfast they advertise be no better than a continental at most hotel . over all it be a huge disappointment .
great experience . friendly helpful staff .
great area very clean and friendly . travel for business would ve be nice to have earlier breakfast option .
very nice breakfast with lot of choice high quality offering and comfortable seating
when we arrive in our room around 10 30 pm we notice a very strong odor . we try wait it out for about an hour but it never subside . we think the smell be marijuana . at about midnight we have to pack up all our stuff with a 3 and 5 year old and swap room . hotel offer no type of reimbursement or anything .
very nice hotel but a little high price
just a wonderful time the staff be outstanding .
the room be ok no water in the room stain in the carpet and the water cost 3.00 p b in the lobby . no parking and the valet cost 35.00 per day .
brand new feel chic expert decor design . beautiful room with sit area glass shower . small fitness room with dumbbell small indoor pool . one block from whole food 2 block from four season locate in east harbor . good price . i would do again .
3 block walk to the inner harbor . staff be excellent front desk manager carry bag to my room for me since there be no luggage cart available ... will stay again if i visit baltimore again
the bell hop and guest service be good until after i check in and shift change i ask the next one on duty of there be room available and she say no for more family be go to get a room there while sit at the bar i watch a couple walk in off the street and ask if there be room available and low and behold they be rent a room
close enough to the harbor or be an easy walk . near a movie theatre and an ice cream store . very convenient .
my girlfriend and i celebrate there birthday and recovery in bmore . it be our first time in the hotel . the staff be excellent especially the manager rozellen she very helpful in give us the best restaurant and club to go to .. only bad thing i didn t like be pay too much for valet parking it be very costly ... but overall it be close to the harbor the other end by fell street which be great small local shop and bar . if you look for different view of baltimore this hotel be where u need to be .. we shall be back in june
everything be amazing the staff be very helpful and professional at all time it be a very welcoming atmosphere . it be locate in a great area where everything mall restaurant aquarium museum etc be in walk distance .
second time that i stay in this hotel and it be great . great location within walk distance to both inner harbor and fell point with plenty of bar and restaurant and shopping . the hotel be right around the corner from a couple of great restaurant my fave ten ten and whole food . the staff be always very nice but the hostess at the front couldn t figure out where the room with a view of the harbor be so although she try to accommodate our request we end up with a room face the opposite direction look at a brick wall ... other than than the hotel be great . very convenient bar snack station in the lobby great hot breakfast and fabulous gym small pool .
problem with room brand new hotel paint peel tile break in shower room flood .
hyatt place be in a great location . ton of restaurant nearby and short walking distance to the harbor . the room be so neat and clean and so comfortable . i really enjoy it . the only downfall be parking . the hotel doesn t have its own parking garage . they do have valet parking but it be too expensive . good thing there be a municipal parking garage right behind the hotel that be cheap because there wasn t a lot of street parking nearby . we end up take uber to other location that be longer distance so we didn t have to go in and out of the parking garage and pay each time .
i be here for a business trip . i could not believe the cleanliness and size of the room . good staff and breakfast as well
the hotel be well locate . the room be great . staff very helpful and polite . breakfast be not the best .
new hotel ... nice size room and large bathroom . great breakfast selection . inner harbor 4 block walk ... good dining within close walk distance in italian town or fel point .
last second decision to visit baltimore . we be greet by marq a pleasant young man who upgrade us to a king suite . she even provide us discount ticket to the aquarium when we check out the follow day . the room be very spacious clean and quiet . our room be close to the elevator but we didn t eben notice it . the location of the hotel be central to the inner harbor offering and to little italy and fell land . there be many upscale store nearby to browse as well as many fine restaurant . the gym be fine to work a quick sweat . breakfast include be decent but nothing to rave about . overall the staff be very courteous and the hotel have a modern edge look which suit us just fine . marq be the superstar during our stay . high recommendation .
my second stay be almost as pleasant as my first . the room and amenity be comfortable and well appoint .
the staff be so helpful the breakfast be delicious and the bed be very comfortable
hotel be in a great location easy walk to inner harbor . plenty of restaurant to choose from as well . staff be super friendly let us check in early and keep our bag after checkout .
this hotel be fresh and clean . the bath be spotless and very pretty . no shower cap provide though . for a newly renovate property however the lack of maintenance be shocking . the television emit a sharp prolong buzz every two minute or so . the thermostat be either break or disabled and since the window do not open it be stifle . yes i ... more
management team arrogant and do not appreciate customer . i be work in the area and plan to stay at this hotel until mid september bot move to another hotel where i feel welcome .
the snow lol in i have to leave there how comfortable the bed in room be really nice i need the peace in time to myself .
good staff especially breakfast staff do an amazing job .
good best breakfast i ever have
bad the egg be nasty .
good location to the inner harbor and thing to do be perfect . the daily breakfast be outstanding .
bad nothing to really complain about . good only 2 block from from inner harbor . everything be in walk distance . breakfast be great . very clean . front desk people where very pleasant .
bathroom have no soap tissue . take over 1 2 hr to get car very friendly staff
bad nothing 1 . good very very relax all the ammenitie be in walk distance of the the hotel .
bad if it be not for the staff my request through booking.com would not have be fill correctly room type . good everything be very clean and the staff be very professional .
nadia be the best
bad unsweetened iced tea would be good . good i like the waffle
good breakfast be good
the only negative comment i have be that thr room service breakfast waas not very good at all . other than that our stay be excellent and i would recommend it to everyone stay in the area .
comfortable room and great location . a little noisy though due to lobby noise
good monte make my egg to perfection just the way i ask .
bad suppose to get call when room be ready . do get a text but only to text if i need assistance . not really much of a problem as timing between eating and room be ready before evening event work out . good within walk distance to evrythe we do . parking adjacent to motel . have stay
the hotel be clean . the staff be excellent . i truly enjoy my stay .
the pier 5 hotel be at a great baltimore location at the inner harbor . it be one of the smaller hotel but size isn t important . the convenience to the harbor and restaurant be terrific .
love it . have a wonderful stay .
walk distance to everything in the inner harbor area . enjoy walk everywhere and explore . the hotel be close to the aquarium restaurant shopping etc . the staff be very friendly enjoy crabby hour and the room be comfortable .
fun decor in lobby and in room . nice ammenitie . bed be extremely comforable one of the best night sleep ever
it be very clean . the people be very friendly . it be right on the harbor so everything be walk distance .
the room be very comfortable and clean . the biggest complaint would be that the shower water barely get above luke warm and the wall be terribly thin . there be no dvd player in the room and the breakfast offering be minimall . oh and beware . parking be expensive . great location though .
don t misunderstand we would fully recommend the hotel itself . the restaurant pizzazz tuscan grille be another story . food be ok portion be small for the and service be bad . there be much better choice nearby .
bad there be nothing i didn t like . good very friendly staff and very clean .
we be very pleased with the room and think the location of the hotel be great . it be a no hassle experience to bring our dog which be wonderful . the only negative be that they couldn t find our reservation right away but that may have be because we have a two part last name .
the room staff and chocolate bar be all great . the only issue be on friday and saturday the hotel host noisy event such as prom in their conference room which open onto the atrium as do most of the room which do not make for a quiet evening .
revamp retro boutique hotel with exemplary service and the coolest decorate ... top notch
horrible service . run down . over price . even the shower curtain be the wrong width too narrow for the shower . sink clog . stain on furniture . just gross . we stay there only because our wedding reception be next door . never again . so very disappointed . don t let the lobby fool you . the only positive thing be the location .
accessible to any place you want to go . not that much of amenity in the hotel but still safe and cozy to stay in . everyday they have craby hour free food drink .
the pier 5 hotel be excellent for a quite romantic weekend . once you check in you have ruth chris or mccormick and schmick s right off the hotel lobby . within walk distance be the entire baltimore waterfront district with nightclub for just about everyone . the only downside be parking . while parking be available next to the hotel the cost be 22.00 per pay and if you use valet park it 29.00 per day . you would think for the price they charge per night for a room parking would be include .
barely a 4 star . bathroom look like something out of a holiday inn . the actual room itself have a very conveniently mount tv so high mark for that but beyond that there be nothing indicative of the price point . the sheet pillow and bed be mediocre at best . also the room have the same if not cheaper in room ac unit as a townplace inn i stay at as well . the staff be extremely friendly and helpful but that doesn t justify the price . also they provide 0 benefit as a expedia vip member . definitely would not stay here again . i d either price down and stay somewhere else or go a little bit higher to a 5 star .
we love this hotel great location clean and staff very friendly and helpful . they even let my dog come for no extra charge we would go back in a heartbeat infact next year we be ..
they charge 10.00 for continental breakfast even for minor my grand daughter be 6 year old how much can she eat and you do not have any other choice for child and if you want from a menu be over 14.00 per item .
the hotel location be excellent . the attach restaurant be high end and perfect for celebrate a special occasion . the saturday afternoon chocolate and champagne tasting be a real treat . the include breakfast have make to order omelette with all fresh ingredient . bathroom be spacious and the room be cozy . i would return here on my next trip to baltimore .
unfortunately we have an emergency as soon as we walk off the plane . i receive a phone call that my brother have pass away . when i get to the hotel and explain it to the front desk supervisor empriss she be very compassionate . she do everything in her power to make our shorten stay as comfortable as possible . all the staff be very friendly and i plan on return as soon as possible to complete our trip . our room be awesome . very clean . the view be awesome . we plan on return as soon as possible to complete our trip . thank empriss for be so kind and caring .
good the dcor the cleanliness the comfortable bed and the location
while the place be certainly interestingly decorate and very quiet during the off season there be very few amenity at least of the sort we be interested in . no pool no hot tub no gym but you can get a bucket of mid level wine sit on your bed when you arrive . second floor have nice balcony overlook the water .
bad nothing . good for a 6 day stay the space be wonderful
good staff be all extremely friendly . hotel be clean .
bad parking be probably the only downside . you have to park in a parking garage which be fine but expensive . but i guess that s what you get for stay in the city . it be all worth it though because the location be amazing . good the location be amazing . we be able to walk to everything . the room be clean and comfortable for my family of 4 . the free breakfast be also great . we have an issue with internet that be take care of really quickly . we have a great time and look forward to stay again
bad they mess up my reservation and i couldn t get free breakfast . good i like the room and the city view
bad need something horizontal in bathroom . . good great accommodation central location great food .
nothing the location and the front desk girl be excellent .
bad breakfast . good excellent family enjoy everything . staff friendly and helpful . arrive early give phone number and they call when room be ready 2 hour before check in . location wonderful for us we walk every where . direct access to beach . outside pool great food there be good too and not to pricey . overall great stay . well worth the price . u get what u pay for . breakfast could have be a lil better my personal opinion .
hotel be clean the staff be very friendly as well as informative .
bad great staff very accommodating . clean friendly .
good breakfast be wonderful all service staff be so great housekeeping and front desk perfect .. can not wait to go again and stay here .
friendly staff yummy food .
good front desk staff facility
good position building room design and comfort rooftop pool
good awesome location one block from the beach and a small swimming pool on the roof . nice balcony also
bad nothing . good everything
excellent hotel with a very up market feel in a great location . right on ocean drive but quite .
bad that we be only there for 2 night . good very spacious room with a partial ocean view from the balcony . rooftop pool and seating look amazing . staff be very friendly and food be excellent . eric s honey jalapeno ginger margaritas be superb
good everything with this place be sensational alhensadro the waiter have the best guest service we have ever experience room be clean tidy and bed be very comfortable
staff be excellent . room be great and the atmosphere of the hotel be wonderful . as far as location how can you go wrong a block off the beach
bad though i book through bookings.com they have no record of my reservation nor could they find any . they compte us and our driver with free drink until they get it straighten out . fortunately they still have a double room . the manager buy dessert after our lovely bar light dinner as well . good we have a wonderful stay prior to an early morning flight to geneva switzerland
bad lot of chlorine in the pool area . good i really enjoy my stay there
bad bathtub too slippery . good the breakfast and fruit water
good i love have a microwave and fridge . very cozy
bad couldn t have be any better . good it be absolutely great little hidden gem in the middle of south beach
good spacious super friendly staff cleanliness location atmosphere
bad coffee could be better quality . good the position if the room at the ba k away from the street be excellent . there be no bar so no young noisy people yeah the veranda and the garden area be well shade so could sit out in the cool . near shop and two minute to beach .
bad nothing . good beautiful and romantic
i stay at this hotel in mid october . it have change name since apparently . it be now know as a motel 6 . online when i book through a company it say that breakfast be include . it be not include anymore that be a bummer . the location be good . the room itself be basic but wasn t too bad . especially for the ... more
we stay at the la quinta while we attend the dog show in perry ga . its about a 20 25 minute drive away . the hotel be clean with a very friendly staff . the desk clerk sam be especially polite and his tip for a restaurant el cotija be spot on especially with 5 pitcher on thursdays . we stay on the 2nd ... more
pro this hotel seem fairly new and be pretty clean with no weird smell . our room be insanely spacious the shower head be very relaxing and the bed be very comfortable . there be a good variety of breakfast item available and they be pretty tasty for the most part . all the furniture and decor look tasteful and be in good ... more
excellent stay clean spacious handicapped accessible king suite . friendly helpful staff . breakfast feast a home away from home my only regret be we only stay one night . i have such an enjoyable stay i will be make reservation today for the 2016 game
i probably shouldn t brag too much l don t want the secret to get out what a awesome place this be to stay . billy the manager be so nice to deal with we stay at least every two month and all i do be call the hotel direct and he make my reservation . sam be another clerk who s always ready to ... more
the hotel be very clean comfortable in a great location and the staff be both nice and helpful to guest the breakfast we plentiful and that s not always the case best price hotel within a reasonable distance from the fall and other attraction .
we use this hotel for a visit with family nearby . the hotel be clean and employee friendly . they have us on second floor upon arrival i ask for first floor and they make it possible . at four in five in the morning check out be a little slow . only bad thing i can really say about this hotel be that ... more
we have to be up in the area buffalo niagara fall for a new business venture and we didn t want to spend a fortune so we choose this property . from the front desk to the breakfast and most comfortable bed our stay there be exceptional . i would totally recommend to anyone look for a great place to stay
homey . nice terrace . lovely living room . unpretentious . not your standard issue motel .
i think this would be a cute quaint retro motel but it turn out to be closer to bates motel than a blue sky experience . the carpet have stain the pool be break there be dog bark in one of the room and there be ant crawl in the bathroom sink . win t be back .
stay be ok but a little expensive for what you can expect . bad smell in the room otherwise it be good .
very nice quiet room all separate with their own courtyard . very friendly staff . short walk to town and wine tasting
the room be nice and clean . the staff be polite and helpful . there be always refreshment in the lobby . the lemonade be good as be the cookie . the staff offer us bottled water after check in and they be all friendly.it make our day to hear that we excel your expectation of cleanliness during your stay thank you so much for your five star review and we look forward to welcome you back on your next visit .
i think it could b a lot cleaner love the hotel but ground and our patio could be a lot cleaner
we be within walk distance to the town shop and restaurant . the bed have the same beautiful linen as congress hall . the trolley ride through the decorated town be fun .
we experience a comfortable welcome restful stay and enjoy breakfast in the morning . i appreciate the cleanliness of our room the interaction the whole family have with the staff and the choice and presentation of the food at breakfast .
i love everything about this hotel . it be clean and the staff be pretty darn awesome . great dining experience and the hotel shuttle be fast and convenient . i highly recommend this hotel to anyone on business or leisure
i always stay at the hyatt . it be the best . a very nice experience and good food also . the folk at the desk and restaurant be always very helpful and friendly . hotel be keep up with quality and cleanliness throughout .
i stay at the hyatt place while visit atlanta for a conference at a nearby hotel . i need a ride to the other hotel and the hyatt shuttle driver graciously take me there even though it be not on his route . that courtesy make me feel safe . my room be nice and clean . the staff friendly and kind . always ask ... more
we be regular hyatt customer and be loyal because of the consistent quality and service . while everyone here be very nice the pool be not keep up and the tv reception be terrible . it be august and our granddaughter want to swim . the pool be cloudy full of leave and very uninviting . breakfast be also disappointing ... powder egg and out of ... more
we have a quick one night stay in atlanta for business meeting . this hotel be great in term of be quiet short shuttle drive from airport . the staff be very friendly at the front desk . they be very welcoming and quickly take care of multiple task and request from guest . the room be enjoyable and as expect for a hyatt ... more
one night stay before flight home . all we need and with a 12 noon check out good room clean comfortable . also use the food service for meal upon arrival good value tasty make to order plus the inclusive breakfast . only slight niggle be check in when the receptionist only member we could see apparently on duty ... more
nice place convenient to airport before or after a flight . airport shuttle between airport and hotel . parking available short and long term . comfortable room with sofa and work desk . good burger place just across the parking lot .
this be one of the best hotel we have stay in . it s very close to the atlanta airport which be convenient although we do hear the plane off and on . it have a small starbuck inside the lobby and fresh salad and wrap for purchase anytime also .
the staff be outstanding so professional courteous i will definitely stay here again
stay last week at the hyatt place atlanta airport south . i love this hotel and the team be just the best there be this be the perfect destination for me after any journey particularly after long international flight . the team at reception be friendly and welcome the room be clean and properly prepared . wi fi work great . the 24 hour ... more
i only stay here one night . the breakfast be above average . the room be clean and quiet . large tv for a hotel room . comfortable pillow . i feel the rate be reasonable . it be a short walk to the nearby restaurant . that wasn t a problem in nice weather but it may be a problem in bad weather if you didn t have ... more
room cleanliness excellent customer service location convenient from airport
stay at this hotel just make sense for us . my husband have to travel to ca and i have to stay in ga but about 45 min away from the airport and we be very tired . it be so convenient for us to check into this hotel late evening enjoy the ambiance and comfort of the hotel get some rest ... more
hotel be easy to and from hartsfield jackson airport . shopping and restaurant you have to travel on the interstate . the room be big and comfortable . bed be comfortable as well . bathroom a little small but clean .
hyatt place be consistently guest friendly offer the amenity that appeal to both the pleasure and business traveler and be our preferred hotel when travel . we always find the breakfast handy and offer a variety of food option and most of the hotel offer a small bar with adult beverage perfect for a nightcap .
my husband and i along with our 14 year old granddaughter spend the night at the hotel before an early morning flight to tx . our room have a very nice sit area with a large sectional sofa wet bar refrigerator and large tv . spacious and comfortable . the bedroom be also a nice size with two double bed . the closet be ... more
the hotel be very comfortable . i be there for one night and choose it for the location . the staff be very nice and welcome the bed be super comfortable and i melt right into it . i awake fresh have a great breakfast in the lobby and take the shuttle to the airport . of course the shuttle leave precisely on time as ... more
nice hotel and perfect location with easy access to atl domestic and international terminal . great staff and facility . room be spacious and good wifi . amenity be great for a very reasonable price .
hyatt place hotel be always a wonderful option when we be travel as a family . this particular hotel have a wonderful helpful staff . the reason for the 3 star review the hotel could use some update and there be an issue with their cleaning . the chair in the dining area be stain and filthy look . we dine there for dinner ... more
love our overnight at the table mountain inn . friendly service couple with a very clean well appoint room . so nice to see a boutique hotel rather than a chain in a downtown like golden
this be an authentic style motel with a fantastic restaurant . close to all the attraction . we have a room with balcony overlooking town a must . good shopping close by and some great eat choice
just a normal hotel room . a nice place to spend a night and take a shower . no whistle and bell . we stay here on our way to plymouth ma . it be not a far ride . there be a free breakfast but we do not stay to enjoy it .
older two floor hotel somewhat a budget hotel staff be very friendly and helpful . not a bad location close to i 81 . breakfast be good as in most comfort inn s again this be and older hotel however they be in the process of update some room . at midnight a family with child come in scream and what sound like they be ... more
my family and i visit my nephew who be in school in winchester va . the receptionist at the desk call me to make sure that i request a smoking room . i have she be concern that i get the room i want because of the apple festival . after have have many negative experience with smoking room i be afraid that ... more
i give this place 2 star because the carpet be filthy . the kid sock and foot be black after walk on the floor and carpet . plus we find a clump of hair near the drape . the problem become that you start to wonder what else be dirty that you can t detect . on the flip side the front desk be very ... more
wonderful suite hotel in flagstaff . convenient although not in town . this i see as a positive . everything be clean and efficiently run . room be simple but very adequate for our need which be just two night and would be fine for long term stay as well . really we be delighted with this hotel .
it be an intermediate stop on a long journey so there be not much chance to enjoy the area or spend time in the room . the front desk staff be very accommodating .
from the moment we arrive to the second we leave the hotel be amazing . excellent affordability without skimp on quality . the staff team we so helpful and friendly . the hotel be situate in a central location with good access to route 66 and the grand canyon we love it
brilliant place . just wish we have spend more time as we only stay one night as we use as a base to see the grand canyon . we all really enjoy the complementary full breakfast . lovely double room with plenty of space
travel across country .. make many stop with our 2 dog this be the most pleasant.most clean and most dog friendly of all.would definitely stay again and recommend to a friend.super cozy just like home .
enjoy it greatly .
always a great experience very nice employee make you feel at home or better love this place .. great atmosphere the social hour be great way to meet people from all over the world when in flagstaff arizona
fantastic fantastic and fantastic it be just 40 and it be the best hotel i have ever go too and it be just a great experience and i really love it i will come when ever i be in the area
we stay in a signature plus room at best western for 379 or something ridiculous like that . i want an unobstructed view of the red rock when wake up and fall asleep . i also want to be step away from uptown sedona . our desire for great view and great location be well meet with a luxurious suite quiet and privacy .... more
we love everything about the trip . oak creek canyon be beautiful and slide rock be amazing the hotel be great . we love go out on the patio at night to drink tea and look at the shadow on the beautiful red rock .
well run and very nicely maintain . staff be friendly helpful and knowledgeable . i enjoy conversation with both the evening and day shift . breakfast be well prepared and varied to suit different taste . location be good for walk to shop and drive up oak creek canyon . lot of little place to relax on the ground . bed be comfortable and the accessible ... more
we pay 339.00 plus 50.00 tax for a room that face a busy to lane road .. plus the entrance to the hotel ... and dumpster across the street . not a the stunning view of sedona . i be tell that those room be another 30.00 more . i travel a lot and in all honesty this hotel ... be try to be something it be not . i ... more
the hotel be in a great location right on main street and walkable to a lot of shop restaurant etc . the hotel be nice clean comfortable . the staff be helpful friendly and professional . to wake up and look at the red rock snoopy lucy and other from our room be an extra treat .
take daughter in law and two granddaughter .. great for family fantastic breakfast very nice staff . location of room be really nice beautiful view of the red mountains.central location for walk shopping and dining .
base on the review from several site regard this best western we expect a much nicer hotel . we be recent best western reward member so this be only our third bw experience other be in ca and much nicer . since we be in from pa for a family wedding in sedona and stay 6 night we want to be uptown ... more
really like this hotel . check in be quick and easy . room be clean spacious and comfortable . bed be comfortable and pillow be really good . clean staff be great . pool be awesome what a view breakfast be really good . every morning there be a different egg type dish . really good parking be good too .
we have originally plan to stay at a much more expensive hotel as i have never stay at a bw before . this trip be the first my husband and i have take without our child in 8 year so i want it to be nice . but i just couldn t stomach pay the amount of money that other hotel be ask ... more
hotels.com mess up my reservation but the hotel be able to get me a room anyway . the location be good right at the end of uptown sedona so you can walk to shop and restaurant . however it be really pricey and i don t think it warrant such a high price . room be nice but nothing special . i would recommend stay ... more
the best western be a great hotel and right in the heart of sedona it s a quick walk to shop and restaurant . it s also a quick drive to various state park cathedral rock chapel of the christ church etc . the hotel staff be great and the pool and other amenity fitness center game room etc . be fantastic . i highly recommend this ... more
amazing red rock view especially at sunset right in the heart of downtown sedona everything be within walk distance they also have condo that will accommodate family . walk down to the creek at the back of the property the view and sound be very calm can t say enough good thing about sedona in general
we travel to sedona for one week every year and have try a number of luxury hotel include l auberge . this be now our favorite we have a 2 bedroom creekside condo . the bottom floor have a large living room with a pull out couch and room darkening shade and a large tv full kitchen and half bath . there be also a ... more
my husband and i stay at the best western plus arroyo roble hotel on thursday feb . 18 2016 the room be very expensive but we splurge as this be our first time in sedona . we be give room 405 which have a beautiful view of the red rock . the problem be that the elevator be right across from the room ... more
great staff and very friendly . room be very clean comfortable bed and very good continental breakfast deliver to our room . we will recommend and would definitely return on a future trip . amenity in the room be very nice .
i travel a bunch and lean toward stay at marriott location . i be delighted to have spend several week at the residence inn in richardson texas . location consistency cleanliness and good people on staff . lisa johanna josh laila linda sylvia sheila and vanessa all be welcoming and helpful . thank you all
this be one of my best trip ever for me and my family . the big comfy bed with those comfy stuff pillow my sleep be impeccable during my stay i didn t wake up tired i wake up energized to a complimentary breakfast downstairs thank you so much for your review . we be thrilled to know how much you enjoy your visit and we look forward to see you again soon warm regard keith beear general manager
stay here for a week before board the carnival glory it be amazing room be so comfortable really really enjoy ourselves towel animal each evening and chocolate on the pillow be a lovely touch visit in october hotel wasn t very busy which we like . the restaurant in the hotel be very nice and whenever i couldn t finish ... more
the hotel be beautiful inside now can t wait to go back again this summer . the atrium balcony be a must .
great stay . i have no complaint . me and my family be very pleased and would have love to stay longer . i would definitely recommend this hotel to any and everyone .
we have a great time . everyone we meet be super nice . lot of amenity . we enjoy our stay .
arrive to discover an outrageous parking fee also do not offer any disabled veteran discount . check in be ok until we discover the entire college football team be arrive that night . the room be ok the thermostat do not work so the room be very warm . it wasn t until later that night that the football enthusiastic kick in and needless to say we manage about two hour of sleep . you would figure the hotel would have inform us of this when we book the room or at least would have have the decency to tell the rude guest to hold the noise down since it be after midnight . needless to say i could not recommend this hotel to anyone else .
hotel and service be fantastic
be be amazing love everything on the hotel . we have the best 15 anniversary . we definitely go again .
great hotel with convenient access to many thing in orlando . sea world be literally across the street so you can walk to it . orlando orange county convention center be less than 10 min drive . 15 min drive from airport . outstanding fitness center with many workout machine chest back bicep triceps leg etc . dumbbells cardio spinning bike and more . as a ... more
the front desk associate brad be great i really enjoy my check in and check out through him . the buffet breakfast be also a great deal that i include in my package and if your traveling with kid the kiddie pool be pretty cool too .
the good this hampton inn really stand out from the other hampton inns i ve stay at in recent week . the bed and room be really clean well maintained and very comfortable . the staff be really friendly and helpful . and the breakfast be better than usual every morning . not sure what be different in the ingredient at some hampton inns . even ... more
my son get accept to stanford university so we go to the admit weekend . this location be a bit far from the school besides pay 5usd for toll and the rush hour traffic it be pretty good and the site on the way make it worth it
this be our 2nd time stay at this hampton inn . both time we have have a great experience we always stay in king suite . the price be reasonable per night esp . if you be a hilton hhonors member a aaa member but if not you will still get a great price . you will not be di satisfied .
the embassy suite lithicum provide a high quality venue for our youth baseball team as we participate in a tournament that weekend . the team love the atmosphere and ambiance of this hilton brand hotel . it be among the nicer hotel that we now stay in due to an experience that we have with the standard accomodation at popular hotel chain such as di m6 s8 hj etc . the cook to order breakfast be a bonus . my only complaint would be be that it be a loud hotel on the weekend with special event and people constantly hang out of there room on the atrium . it would also be great to at least provide free wireless in the common area . the fee for wireless be almost 10 day and the business center be always full .
our utility company need to make upgrade to the sytem in our neighborhood and therefore have to cut power for the day . we decide on a staycation as the hotel be only 15 mile from our home . i m glad we make the decision . the accomodation be large comfortable and clean . we appreciate the manager s reception and our daughter love the pool . as for room service the quality be there and the gentleman who bring our food be kind and courteous . we plan to stay again soon .
the hotel be a bit pricey for my pocketbook but i think it s because of the time we go capital jazz fest . however for all they offer it be worth it .
room need new carpet . be a little smaller than other embassy suite i have stay in .
we be meet family in baltimore near the stadium . it be so nice for the hotel to shuttle us to the light rail which then take us to camden yard . be nice not to worry about parking and driving . thank you
the suite be very spacious and the amenity be good . the living room have comfortable chair a roomy couch convertible bed and an adequate dining area . the bedroom make sleep easy and pleasurable . although the hotel s fitness room be sparse the pool and spa be delightful with its glass ceiling and wall provide great view of the surround foliage . i also enjoy the complementary full breakfast with egg make to order . i will definitely return to this hotel .
very very very disappointed in the happy hour . line be extremely long 10 to 12 people at a time . very difficult to get a drink . bartender be wait on entire bar plus our seating area plus customer who wanteddrink . the drink may as well not have be free . snack be sparse and not replenish .
renovation in progress strong chlorine smell during stay . my eye water throughout this stay .
very clean hotel the bed very nice and close to the airport .
the cold and hot water faucet be not work . bath faucet could not control cold and hot water mix and hot water burn my body
your staff be extremely friendly sincere and professional . a sense of caring and security be clearly evident with a driver to ensure a positive experience be provide . room be nicely furnish with all the amenity . breakfast and manager s special be the right touch with the right level of support too . entire hotel be very warm to include common area as well . exercise room have everything to get in a workout and the pool and hot tub be a great treat too . the paper especially the wsj be a great complimentary item . love all of it and will certainly be back . be from hawaii this stay be very nice and very warm travel to maryland often and first time stay here but not the last .
the hotel staff be friendly and helpful and the room be clean . the location be horrible as there isn t anything close in the way of store or restaurant . if you arrive late you will have extremely limited access for din except for the over price microwave food at the front desk . breakfast and cocktail hour be a nice touch but both need to be extend by an hour .
this hotel need to be renovate 5 year ago . it be very tired and keep poorly . mildew in corner of tub poor bath amentie and so so clean of room . the high speed internet that they charge you 9.95 for be a total joke super slow and almost unusable . as a business traveler i would never stay here again .
nice large room but our a c do not work well especially in the bedroom . this be a higher price king corner suite . only stay for 1 night so tell front desk staff on the way out . happy hour be a nice idea but no way to get near the small and understaffed bar to get a drink . could not check in at 1 00 have to wait until 3 pm which be the rule but would have be nice to find a room earlier . breakfast be very good .
best stay at a hotel .
room smell of stale smoke . furniture break and dirty .
very nice stay .. will be back to another location
only stay one night but that be enough to enjoy my stay . the hotel and room be very clean and look to be recently redone within the last few year . the staff be very courteous and professional . we eat at the hotel restaurant and find the food to be excellent . i would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone that be stay in the area .
i have be stay at the four point sheraton in plainview dozen of time in the past 5 year . the hotel staff be very friendly . there be a bar with a great beer selection and dinner menu . michael at the bar be a rare individual with a constant smile and great sense of humor . the guy in the kitchen take ... more
thank you erik for take care of my friend and i you make sure everything be take care of the whole day and even give us a few place to visit while we re here the pool be super clean along with the room and we have so much fun so far we will definitely be return thank again erik
have a room on the harbor side and be treat to a manatee site our first evening there . comfortable clean room with washer dryer great for tennis player . excellent time at the tennis center game set up for us by zoe every day we be there . rode bikes one afternoon one afternoon at the spa perfect
joseph s service make our trip he accommodate all of our request and even go above and beyond to make our trip as nice as possible he not only arrange our chair and umbrella by the beach but he also position the cushion and towel so that we be as comfortable as possible . he be amazing
place be outstanding the people here treat you like gold i be very happy with our entire experience here karl do an awesome job set everything up for us every time we come to the beach no matter what we need he be there . very helpful and outstanding customer service . he also give us a lot of input on place ... more
first it look like something happen in the beach and a bunch of dead fish be lay on the sand as soon as the sun come out the smell be extremely bad . secondly the room be set not to allow the ac to lower below 70 that make the room uncomfortable and third we where in the room for three day and the minibar wasn t re stock or be the sugar for the coffee maker or tea it look like only one elevator be work and it take forever
have you ever be sit on the beach with one of you very bestest friend when one of you want to sit in the sun while the other prefer shade what to do what to do well zach and hunter solve that problem they set up our umbrella perfectly and do it with a smile awesome people beautiful resort
i go for a girl weekend with two other girl . when we arrive our room be not ready which we expect . so we go and have lunch . our server javier be wonderful he take very good care of us and make sure we be have a good time . once the rain clear up we sit outside and have a drink ... more
what a great beautiful day to spend do what i love most which be lay on the beach and read a book today i go down to the beach by myself which be rare to enjoy a great book while i listen to the wave . it be extra special as i be greet by jake on the way to the ... more
great location with great service front desk with rob be excellent . service at the pool be outstanding with stacey do a lot of work to make all guests.comfortable with pool service . be there several time this year and notice stacey go out of her way to make thing nice at the pool . excellent room service great view and nice bar ... more
i play a few time a year during christmas and new year while visit family on longboat key over the past 17 year . a lot of money have be spend on get the course into great shape and the course do not disappoint this year . the course be challenging but fair . i play the red and blue out of the ... more
i ve spend alot of time at lbkc and the staff be fantastic . but this week zack be the man we have come to the beach late with hope of get chair up front by the gulf we know it would be tough mid day on a weekend and as expect it be busy . but within minute zack work his magic ... more
hunter be very attentive and welcome on our first day he help us set up our chair and make sure we be comfortable . very polite staff and gorgeous resort look forward to the rest of our stay .
first time we have stay at this resort we choose this report for its location and it be one of the more expensive hotel so presumed it would be good room be in very poor condition and very worn out as a lot of the communal area be air condition couldn t be leave on as the noise be horrendous ... more
amazing from the impeccable service at the front desk at the pool on the beach to the luxurious accommodation with breathtake view to the incredible fun have by all include the kid we couldn t be happier with the memorable weekend . from the first day we meet him to the day of our wedding jonathan lester event planner extraordinaire take ... more
i come out to the club recently with some good friend of mine . the resort be beautiful i love all the amenity . and everyone be so nice i be help by alex hunter and leo . they be very kind and helpful . we will most definitely be come back
stay here for 3 night on our way to marco island have never be to longboat key before . so glad we choose this resort all the staff be so helpful and friendly . we have a gulf face one bed roomed condo which be lovely . very well equip kitchen even have washer and dryer which be helpful . eat at portofino sand ... more
freddy jake ozzy and ally be very good at keep my friend and i satisfy while we enjoy the gorgeous view here at the beach . they be ready to work and very enthusiastic during service i definitely will be come back and it be an amazing day at the beach
we decide to go to charleston for thanksgiving weekend and have an enjoyable experience . great location within an easy walk to all of the attraction . the room be super clean and comfortable and the courtyard be well maintain . the free breakfast in the morning follow by the wine and cheese pairing every evening make this a must stay when in ... more
i read the trip advisor review prior to make reservation for a 3 day stay and feel comfortable with the anticipated accommodation . now i be doubt if we stay at the same place can not comprehend all the high praise give this hotel inn . the check in area be small and poorly light . i feel sorry for the staff work in such an ... more
i have stay at indigo inn several time and be always pleased with the room and especially the breakfast and afternoon food selection . breakfast be great .... in the afternoon they offer cheese and cracker etc . my only complaint be that the outdoor area have several fountain and i be not sure if these be the source of the smell ... more
we stay on the second floor near the elevator . we love our room and the location . they serve an excellent breakfast everyday and wine and cheese each afternoon . the courtyard be lovely place for breakfast and indigo be within walk distance to historic charleston . the staff be friendly and very attentive . would definitely return .
pro location and super friendly accommodating staff con noise ... motel style in so the room face into a common courtyard and people sit i the courtyard at night be loud . room be dark and seem outdated ... cleanliness ... room feel very dirty . although we see the cleaning staff the bathroom have mildew on tile toilet be not clean and there be stain on ... more
the people be friendly and accomodating . the free breakfast food delicious and the complimentary evening cocktail party well supply . the room be comfortable and the location be great for tour charleston as it s so easy to get in and out for touring and shopping . a great place
i be sad to say this place be very unhospitable . at least when i stay . they advertise a shuttle service frisco shuttle who be very unreliable . we pay them to pick us up and they be a no show when we finally get someone on the phone the hang up on us . when we call the hotel for help ... more
we stay here with 5 of us include 3 teenager . it be a gem . a real two bedroom apartment with a full kitchen and a living room . i be expect an ordinary hotel suite and get much much more . we only stay one night so we didn t get a chance to use the pool or the restaurant bar but both look very ... more
i be here with my teenaged son . we enjoy our stay at this quiet well maintain hotel in a residential part of santa barbara just a short walk from the mission and a short walk from downtown . his post op visit this time only require a one night stay . however last summer after he require a medical procedure we spend over two week ... more
we travel to santa barbara several time a year to see family . this place be fabulous . reasonable for santa barbara great service lovely place close to state st . and everything and the little restaurant be fabulous . darn if i didn t have the best egg benedict ever . not kid . ever . with arugala . and the nicest part be it be include with ... more
with my daughter at ucsb it seem i have try everything from vrbo to el capitan tent in the santa barbara area this hotel be a pleasant surprise even though it be tuck away in a residential area a few mile from the beach . i love when hotel provide the little extra when you get to your room . my room ... more
i love this best western plus hotel because i know i will have a pleasant stay . to begin with the hotel bed and pillow be invite allow me to have a good night sleep . after my peaceful sleep i enjoy a nice breakfast from the on site restaurant . check out be a breeze allow me to get to destination quickly . i ... more
lovely small hotel in a residential location within easy drive distance of all local amenity and tourist attraction . very friendly and helpful staff . breakfast be serve in on site restaurant which also serve a good choice of evening meal . would stay again if lucky enough to be in the area .
we just want to thank you for the wonderful service we receive at best western plus encino while visit our mother at cottage hospital . the front desk clerk and housekeeping be very cordial and courteous . best western provide a comfortable and clean atmosphere which help during such a stressful time . the restaurant on site provide good food nice atmosphere and great service . again thank you .
when the people in the room above walk around the floorboard squeak . the electrical outlet next to the sink need adjust you push your plug into the socket and the plug slip out . another review mention that there be hot coffee and tea at the check in area at the hyatt ... well not any longer . the spa at the hyatt be ... more
we book a room more than 6 month before our trip at the parkside inn request an upper level floor and room with balcony . we didn t receive the balcony and almost cancel our reservation when we be tell we have to pay extra for the balcony despite have request it this be something that could have be make aware to ... more
great place to stay room very clean and comfy bed . beer garden be a great idea . good beer watch the game and good snack good . balcony be a nice add on . perfect weather to enjoy my coffee . i will be back
everything be awesome . it be our second time stay at base camp everyone there be just as friendly and helpful as the first time we stay there last year . we be look forward to return during the summer season to enjoy the short walk to the lake .
this be a funky refurbish older tahoe hotel that be in a good location . it s right on stateline across from harvey s and walk distance to the beach . the beer garden on site be great with about 10 on tap and other in bottle and happy hour every day a nice place to just hang out . the room have a comfy ... more
i love the whole property and vibe all the different level of the hotel with the firepit be awesome . the courtyard with cornhole be always fun . and the assortment of beer be the best part of course . the staff be very friendly and will especially help me with sample to find the best beer .
we stay here while travel . there be lot of hotel very close by but we be really really happy with our choice of the comfort suite . the hotel have be completely renovate . the hotel be beautiful with a 4 story lobby and the room be really nice . the staff accommodate all of our request to be in a quiet area .... more
i really like this hotel . the staff be friendly helpful . the room be clean and comfortable . it be quiet and allow for a great night sleep . for the price you can t beat it . as a female on business alone i feel safe in this hotel . the lobby be bright and always staff .
room not as promise on hotels.com suppose to be a view of river instead we get view of parking lot and back of hotel ... keep it as a running joke for rest of trip . call the desk and they say they just didn t have any other room . otherwise hotel be well maintain . cost 15 for self parking .. not bad for a city downtown i suppose . certainly a good bed clean room efficient elevator etc . quiet friendly staff
hotel be great portland be not nothing be open on monday
great urban hotel by the riverfront in portland with excellent city walk into downtown area of portland lot of great surround restaurant in the nearby area . happy hour wine and appetizer at hotel rise be a bargain . try the bacon wrap date with chorizo stuffing . staff be friendly and super helpful .
we arrive in austin and the homewood suites austin arboretum n.w . where we be greet by the friendly staff . robin be work the front desk . every staff member we encounter during our stay ask if we need anything and all seem to really care that we feel comfortable in our suite have everything we need etc . carlos be so helpful ... more
the propose of this hotel be that you would fall like home . the main differentiation from the hampton inn for instance be that have a small door and a separate living so if you cook or simply pop a popcorn the smell win t take over the whole bedroom . i would recommend this hotel specially if you need to be in ... more
our house in currently under construction and my family and i select the homewood suite in north austin as a safe haven during the madness . my entire family have settle in to the room and amenitie the meal and the service be fantastic . claire operate the kitchen in the evening and host several breakfast buffet in the morning as ... more
the staff be friendly the room be great and spacious and the include breakfast be great . a convenient option for business or vacation . i have never stay at a homewood suite but now i be think about use them during our upcoming summer vacation .
after a long day travel it be so nice to be welcome by justin at reception . he have take the time to find out who be go to be book in that evening and know our name even before we have introduce ourselves . he be extremely friendly and helpful as be all the staff we have dealing with . our two ... more
we have stay at this hotel twice in the last year and we love it . conveniently locate 10 to 15 minute drive to downtown close to shop whole food and a great restaurant north by northwest . we come to austin to visit our son and be very pleased with the amenity that this hotel have to offer ... more
very pleasant experience i have no complaint whatsoever . the staff be friendly the room be clean and quiet . reasonably price as well . the breakfast wasn t the world s best but it do the job i would recommend if you be need to stay in the austin area .
quiet and comfortable stay . close to major road but far enough away that you be not disturb by the traffic .. the staff here be fantastic . jason at the front desk greet us by name every time we enter the hotel . good breakfast serve every morning and dinner be serve monday through thursday . will stay here in a heartbeat on our ... more
this be a very pleasant resort . we be only able to stay one night but would have love to stay longer . the staff be very helpful and friendly and the room be clean and comfortable . excellent choice and pet friendly
we like to fish at inland discount marina . best western be perfect for us . the motel be locate close to our marina and to a host of place to eat . very comfortable room . the manager be extremely nice as well as the other employee . we do not eat breakfast but the coffee be delicious and hot . we do partake of ... more
the first room we get be soak wet . we call the front desk . the front desk clerk get us another room . we didn t care for the noise from the road near by . if you stay there don t stay in room 225 . i want to stay down stair they didn t have any room .
use for last night before flight . hotel be immaculate . staff be friendly and efficient . breakfast be standard but what we expect . would definitely choose again . be also helpful when cancel earlier arrival reservation due to flight cancellation . will review airline in separate review .
the hampton at gateway park be an excellent choice on my recent trip to denver . it appear the hotel be newer the facility be spotless room be clean quiet and very roomy with a kitchette . the work area be very large so i be able to get my work do . i always find hampton s to be consistently nice in a ... more
nice place all around with great amenity good breakfast nice staff . for some reason though at night the hotel smell like sewage . really . also my credit card pende charge be 90 more than my checkout receipt .
we be in colorado for soccer tournament and this hotel be in close proximity to the aurora sports complex . this staff at the hotel be friendly and helpful . there be several restaurant within walk distance and it also offer a shuttle to the airport . i would recommend this hotel and will stay there again the next time we be in ... more
our flight be cancel due to the southwest computer debacle of july 2016 so we need to find room with very little notice . fortunately the hampton inn suit denver airport gateway park have space for us . after i return our rental car hampton send a very luxurious shuttle bus to pick me up at the airport . the hotel be within convenient ... more
if you need internet or good cell phone service there be better place . perhaps the growth in this part of town have not keep up with the cell phone tower and isp s.nontheless you experience lock up drop call and spin wheel on the screen due to no connectivity . att be my cell provider and i use the hotel internet service ... more
amazing staff and awesome accommodation i d visit colorado just to spend the night here i would recommend this hotel to anyone who wish to enjoy a good night sleep top notch staff . extremely nice and friendly
i have be here since august 2015 . compare to the last two place i stay this be the best . there be a full kitchen and the bed be amazingly comfortable . i have have a couple of issue here 1 ant in my room . 2 the internet suckkkksss 3 a c unit blow out during a storm . since i be long term ... more
with the price and with 4 kid tag along it be a pleasant stay the front desk guy be jermaine if i recall correctly and he be nice and very helpful . the lady at the breakfast station be also nice . in fact all the hotel staff that i meet be nice and helpful .
the front desk staff be not good . try to leave a wakeup call two night in a row . go down to the front desk about 9 pm could not find anyone . check out at 4 30 am no one at desk or available .
there be no towel or blanket in our room . when i call the front desk they make me come down to pick up the towel . they say that they be out of blanket . really how do a hotel run out of blanket i guess someone be on vacation when the need to order more blanket be suppose to be place .
we be there to just stop for a night on our way to the outer bank ... although i will admit that our drive down be horrible so we may have be more sensitive than normal but this place have zero option for food or drink . in addition we be go to have our son just sleep on the floor but my husband see bug all over the side wall ... for the upcharged price this be a no go in future . will sleep in car next time and save 200
great little getaway for our anniversary . bed be comfortable staff very nice and friendly room very clean . would stay again soon .
we be visit family in portsmouth so this location be convenient for us . the hotel be on a street off the highway and by itself so it be a quiet location with field and wood view in the back . on our first morning the breakfast buffet have no food leave by 8 30am so we have to wait more than 30 minute to get anything to eat . on our third day when we arrive back from the beach around 3 p.m. our key card would not open our door . when we do get new card we find our room have not be clean and only one towel be leave for all of us to shower . in spite of the glitch we would use this hotel again .
breakfast wasn t te best but beside that everything else be perfect . they supply us with an extra crib and crib sheet . help with any question we have and the staff be extremely generous .
very happy all around would highly recommend
the room be clean but the hotel be more functional than invite . the pool be small and always occupy if more then 7 people in be crowd it seem so we do not use it . our family live close by so it be convenient but be in middle of nowhere although the area be be build up if the feel be less functional and more inviting then i would have give 5 s the breakfast be worth the extra money i pay for the room as compare to another hotel without it .
it be great ... location and very friendly and clean
friendly hotel staff 99 and a lot of food option with 5 min or so . but the entire hotel smell musty and need update . bed be horrible 3rd shift front desk unpleasant lazy and with va traffic you re more like 45 min from the beach .
the price be really good but i be disappoint when i check in and they do not have the room i book . i book a king and all they could give me be two double . they say i could move the next day but i decide to stay in my same room rather than pack everything back up again . the room be definitely in need of some maintenance but nothing major . i would stay there again as long as i get the room i actually book next time .
i be quite disappointed with this hotel . the front desk clerk be rude and put my family in a dirty room bed be not make one of the picture be pull off of the wall and food still in the room . i then have to switch room and clerk seem annoyed that i be unhappy with the status of my room .
i ve stay at numerous hotel over the past year and this room be by far the best . the room come with sofa and office space in addition to the king size bed . surely i will stay there again .
i love the hotel very clean comfortable great staff will stay again if i be ever in the area
the atmosphere of the hotel be excellent every staff worker that i encounter be extremely friendly and helpful they be very informative as well in term of the early continental breakfast that they serve and be all the amenity be locate the fitness center and the indoor heated pool and jacuzzi be very clean as well as my room . overall this be an enjoyable stay for me and i highly recommend this hotel to other . you will definitely be satisfied
great room plenty of space for 4 people
come to stay on way home from baltimore testing for husband and have to meet in moyock nc . so decide rather then drive to obx and turn around and drive back we stay in newport news . the staff be very nice the room quiet and comfortable and the area good for eat and shopping .
i enjoy the stay . the hotel be very convenient to our need .
i ve stay here several time and the service here be always above and beyond the call of duty.clean room great breakfast bar and we love helen to death highly recommend this rest stop 5 star you will be glad you stay here
the hotel and staff be nice but upon check in i be give a double when i request a king . about 3 hour into my stay another family be try to enter my room . it seem that i have be give the wrong room by the front desk attendant . they correct the matter only after the family go to the ... more
the staff very helpful and accommodate throughout the entire stay breakfast be excellent and room be clean . pool be nice and clean and environment as a whole be very comfortable in feeling . location be close to much activity to participate in
a perfect location for a weekend excursion from nyc . this hotel be approximately 20 min from two ny winery one be the brotherhood winery which be the oldest in the usa . this hampton inn have a delightful all american all you eat breakfast buffet . this inn be a great value for your money and the location . also pet friendly .
this be not your typical hotel that allow pet . it be exactly what you d expect from the hilton hampton brand . clean lovely dcor and bedding . i highly recommend this motel and wish there be more like it so we could travel with our pet without lower our expectation .
this comment be solely base on the customer service provide by the night time attendant andrew that check us in . i be positive that have andrew not provide the service when and how he do i would have call 311 to express my discomfort cause by other hotel guest and demand a complete refund . andrew the pena family thank you for your understanding and professionalism . dez
confusing and less than desirable internet front desk be no help . room be so so . my particular room have an a c that smell like a dirty foot but perhaps it s just that room . granite by rest room be weirdly stain i m not sure how that happen
we book this room through hotwire for 1 night . we pay 162 . within 5 minute of sit on one of the bed our son feel a bed bug crawl on his leg . we immediately pull back the cover and the mattress pad and discover 2 more bed bug . who know how many other be lurk elsewhere so we call the ... more
the staff be very helpful and friendly . the room be clean and well maintain . i do find a couple of ladybug near the window but nothing to worry about . the tv even have a sleep timer . love that feature .
i so want to give this hotel good mark but i couldn t. the dcor be nice but the air conditioning unit be break and we sweat all night . it be unusually warm for this time of the year so we be really hot . the unit also make noise and keep us awake . there be also ladybug crawl on me in ... more
room be clean and nicely decorate . staff be very friendly and the bed be pretty comfortable . they have a good breakfast and the waffle be delicious the only somewhat negative thing be the size of the bathroom . it be a tight squeeze for two people to get ready in the morning but how much time do you really spend in ... more
i like the face lift on the property . it feel like a new hotel . the breakfast be great overall it be comfortable .
we travel fairly often and stay in a lot of hotel . this be the most strange experience we have ever have in a bad way . we pre pay three night stay . after the first night we go out to tour the city . when we come back in the evening we realize all the stuff we leave in the closet the dresser ... more
we stay at this hotel any time we go to nashville . friendly staff .. very nice room ... good price . we love be close to so many nice restaurant and the opry mill mall we stay here with our child and their family every thanksgiving weekend . perfect for us
we stay here with family for a long pre christmas weekend in nashville . locate in fairly close proximity of opryland the opryland mills outlet mall and the gaylord opryland convention center as well as close to a slew of restaurant it be a convenient location and be a fairly easy area to navigate . it also can be challenge due to traffic ... more
this be a nice clean quiet facility with a larger room that i expect . we will come back and stay here again . the location be very handy for opry mill shop without the expense of some other facility .
the staff be amazing and always helpful . so far i have definitely enjoy my stay . travel with my company we have to share a vehicle but the location of the hotel be within walk distance of many restaurant and the west valley mall . for me this hotel get 2 thumb up from me for location combine with a superior staff ... more
overall our stay be very nice the room be clean and housekeeping be great about provide new towel sheet paper etc ... the guy at the front desk have a terrible attitude but it may ve be because he be work the overnight shift . all in all we enjoy our stay and get to stay for 3 night for a reasonable price 314
this be a decent motel the staff be very friendly the breakfast be quite sparse compare to some other place at similar price . since there be no place to eat it they don t mind you take something back to the room which i recommend over stand there at the front desk . all motel in sunnyvale be expensive compare to similar place elsewhere so we have to factor that in to the price . i have stay twice recently . all the room be not equal . the first one on second floor be a bit nicer because of the layout . the one downstairs in the back be more convenient for luggage but the room layout be weird and not as comfortable . the immediate location be not great in term of walk there be only a denny s next door but its 5 minute from downtown if you have a car .
basic room . staff be nice and helpful . no lock on bathroom door . no hair dryer . mini fridge in room click loudly and have to unplug to sleep . denny s in parking lot which i originally count as a plus attract people leave club at 2 be make the parking lot very noisy on saturday night . ac work well .
i really enjoy my stay here for one night . the room be large and very comfortable with a kitchenette fridge coffee machine microwave sink desk and living room . the staff be pleasant and provide a shuttle to and from the airport if need . ample parking space . breakfast be include and have plenty to choose from and lot of seating .
we like the garden feeling of the one story room in the back near the pool . very lovely and quiet . nice big tree around . also there be a lot of counter space in the bathroom which be handy . we think of stay somewhere that cost less read review and decide to go ahead and stay here instead . good idea . you ... more
hotel staff excellent . breakfast area be convert guest room which do not accommodate guest . no place to sit so we leave .
room be too expensive . no full or continental breakfast . staff a bit lay back . breakfast be offer on site but you pay for it . excellent restaurant nearby denny s and willie bird s for dinner . cost much more for breakfast than normal . location be ok . just off the freeway 101 north . shower be very hard to turn on and i have to ... more
excellent bed and very clean hotel .
i book online feb 8th for saturday april 9th . i get my confirmation email and put it in my travel folder . on feb 10th i notice a reservation in my computer calendar for feb 9th not april 9th . after call bw customer service they suggest i call the hotel directly because there be nothing they could do . i call and ... more
staff be extremely accommodating and always pleasant
shower be break . people upstairs pace for at least two hour from 2 to 4 am .
somewhat the hotelstandard we expect . some idea and report comfortable house but try to get a room at the ground floor maybe it can be a little exhausting to get bis suitcase upstairs if you get some . we be rather disappointed not to get a safe deposit box all be already full not good for us do a 7 week around the world travel ... more
overall this best western be nicely decorate . it be a bit disappointing that the bathroom do not function . a fairly busy property so repair be slow . the plus if you need or want to be close to 101 . it be minute from the freeway . very convenient if you be travel to the northern california s redwoods or sonoma napa .
our son and daughter in law have a great wedding . venue be excellent . the food be very good . one of the best wedding i ve ever attend . the staff be professional and courteous . the wedding planner anticipate every need and make it a pleasant experience .
i stay at this hotel for extended perio of time last year and through february of this year . generraly the hotel be nice hotel that ould have receive a very good to excellent rating except for the treatment i receive on my last few stay . last year the room need quite a bit of updating and as of february they ... more
very nice hotel . great location for ccl guest to stay . stay away from build number 4.thanks for the great comment and glad you like it . build four can get loud as it be next to the pool area though many guest love it just for that reason . hope to see you soon
this be our second stay at hotel maya . i have nothing but great thing to say about our experience there . first the location be perfect . the hotel be only a few minute from downtown long beach l.a . the airport and all the beautiful beach along pacific coast highway . the view from the guest room be beautiful second the service be ... more
i have be a regular visitor to this hotel for a long time . the staff be fantastic the view stunning and without doubt it really be a best keep secret . it only get better you will not be disappoint . i recommend a visit .
can t wait to book here again . perfect location and a fun place . room be cool and different.i love the look of the hotel . it be so nice come there after a long day at work . the cookie upon arrival be awesome thank for the perfect review ... we love you too
outstanding property amenity and location . very quiet and comfy room . the staff be 5 highly recommend easy access to down town din theater water sport or just a great place to vegetate
walk into the front of the building we be immediately greet by alexander a very personable and kind individual . he be very knowledgable about the area and point us in the right direction . although we have many question he be never bother by our question and always have a warm smile on his face . the follow day he recognize us ... more
we spend my husband 50th birthday at the hotel maya and it be a dream come true . this be not our first stay and win t be our last . mr . fernando chavez and front office staff just blow us away with ..
far out of the hustle and bustle of california traffic . beautiful scenery of the marina and queen mary . clean comfortable . enjoy night by their fire pit and the wonderful fuego restaurant . we would definitely stay there again.we agree it be a perfect romantic getaway and we do get lot of proposal make here . we be glad you enjoy it and relax around our fire pit . come back again soon .
we stay one night and be disappointed . it s very expensive and we do not even get a room with a balcony or patio . we do get a view of the harbor but could not step outside and enjoy the fresh air . the place be dead nothing to do there at all . the room be okay . we check out and go ... more
love the room and the view and the peacefulness of the hotel staff be exellent breakfast be great and the view from the fuego restaurant be amazing also love the spanish music play in the lobby area reik thank for the amazing review . we be glad you love it . come back soon
we love this hotel particularly as we have leave a pretty grim hotel to turn up here without a booking as a last resort . the staff be amazing the food in the restaurant exceptional and the fourth of july vibe fun and friendly but not crazy .
great place to just separate yourself from the hustle of los angeles . they over exceed all expectation . when you re at the restaurant order the cubano sandwich and do consider the option for dessert . we miss out on the dessert part because of the cookie at the front desk . thank you so much for the upgrade to the balcony view . it ... more
be promise early check in ... didn t get it . one room be partially clean . restaurant be extremely slow the food be mediocre and pricey . internet be really slow . self parking for only 24 per day . four or five star price hotel for a two star at the most venue .
love wake up to beautiful sail boat on sparkling water and go to sleep with the view of the night life across the bay . great walking area that go for mile around queens way near the queen mary.thank for the great review and glad you love the view
great overall experience staff be very friendly . get a hot cookie when i arrive . have lunch and breakfast at the restaurant locate on the water with a nice view of the queen mary . food and service be excellent.thank for the wonderful review and comment . we be so happy you enjoy the hotel and look forward to your return .
this be a beautiful hotel the staff be excellent and we have an awesome stay . i recommend rent the bike and ride over the bridge to downtown long beach . the evening with all the fit pit and torch lite be amazing . i will stay again thank for the great review . we love that you love it . come back soon .
i hate to give a bad review but this be such a bad experience i would hate for anyone to go through what i do . i book a room for me and my other half for valentines day get us a kingsize bed with a water view get to check in at around 5 but tell they over book and no longer have my room available keep in mind i book my room a month ago ... i be givin a room with two queen size bed that feel like a full bad start to my romantic plan after get to our room we decide to go eat at the hotel restaurant fuego where we be greet with a rude host that say since we have no reservation we have to sit inside we say that fine yoy can see the water from anywhere inside it seem then she say its 95 per person but do not tell us why just hand us the menu and say its the valentine menu . already irritate from check in now this chick we change our mind and say we can order room service ... get some food that take an hour to arrive and it be not the best for 100 3 taco a quesadilla 2 sald and 2 coke . we then decide to go for a walk that be nice with beautiful view we start feel good after some wine and crave a cigar ... know there be no store close by you have to go back accross the bridge in your car to get anything like that . overall bad
nice and clean comfortable bed friendly staff . travel for business and just stay for one night . breakfast be simple and sufficient a danish cup of coffee and orange juice . they provide all basic necessity ....
its a great place to stay clean comfortable clean fireplace n great service quite n close to town for din n shopping plumber dave
good great value excellent customer service
bad the shuttle to disney be not direct . good polite and knowledgable staff great lobby and breakfast .
the staff be excellent and very friendly and the room and bathroom be extremely clean . the bed be comfortable and the breakfast be good . the location be close to restaurant take out and gas station .
good we love our stay at this hotel . all the staff specially the people in the front desk be extremely nice . our room be very clean . bed be really comfortable . the pool area be very relaxing . we have the hotel breakfast twice and both day it be fresh and tasty . we be also able to see magic kingdom fire work show from the outside of our room because it be face the park .
bad the breakfast be very repetitive but still good . good i like the 24 7 tea and coffee . i like the front desk employee . i like that they try to help you out with anything you need .
good it be a very comfortable hotel everything be be great
bad no complaint or dislikes . good quality vs price be fantastic . check in be very friendly and above reproach . cleanliness comfy bed quiet and your typical serve yourself breakfast . couldn t have ask for more for the price .
good we be make to feel very welcome nothing be to much trouble the staff be very good .
good the personnel be exceptionally kind and helpful . i would definitely go there again and suggest it to my friend .
bad the meat at breakfast be horrible . cheap no taste and the yogurt be horrible to i can tell it be real cheap brand . good the reception be so nice she let me check in early and the room be very clean . my kid love the pool .
good confy place good shower and great breakfast .
good location be great 15 min away from disneyland universal studios airport . breakfast be good there be free parking and wifi as well as amazing small pool for refreshing . i would highly recommend this hotel good value
good love everything about my stay
good breakfast be great
everything be great clean nice free nice breakfast 24 hr coffee free wifi . the service be extra great . we forgot to turn off our carlight and they help us immediately to get our day on the way .
our room be handicap accessible yet be locate in the most obscure corner of the building on the third floor as far from the elevator as one could get . seem kind of strange . check in process be fast and smooth with no issue room be clean comfortable and everything we need .
good great location awesome breakfast and clean room
bad there wasn t anything i didn t like . good all staff be very nice and extremely accommodating . the entire property be clean and well keep . the room be clean when we arrive and housekeeping come every morning to clean and verify all be well and if we need any additional towel toiletry etc . their breakfast area be clean the food be hot and fresh and there be plenty food to go around . i read some guest didn t like the breakfast voucher system but my husband and i like them because we have stay at other hotel where there be more people in the breakfast area than there be food . their wifi go down while at their business center they inform me that the system be run slow and that their service provider be on property try to fix it . i let them know that i be in the middle of a disney ticket purchase and the front desk staff immediately get their own personal hotspot set up on their front desk computer . they let me finish my disney ticket purchase transaction from their desk .... yes from their desk ... which i didn t expect . i be really happy cause that save us alot of time and hassle . the hotel be close to wdw and plenty of din . it be overall a wonderful stay nothing to complain about ... other that they could accommodate me the extra day we decide to stay but that be our fault since we do it last minute . would highly recommend .
bad the free shuttle maybe could be with reservation or something . good clean tidy good breakfast nice bedroom great stuff . recommend
good staff be friendly room be clean everything be great
good staff location room and pool be alll first class . shuttle bus be free to the park and reliable . this hotel would be my first choice every time .
bad not enough supply . good everything
bad we have a ground unit and be unable to sleep until 11 pm every night because of the family above us have a kid that run from 7 am to 11 pm for 3 night . suggestion put family with small kid on ground unit and that way we will all be comfort . also request early check in and be not assign unit until 5 pm .
good everything be great
we have be stay at this hotel on and off for almost a year . the staff be friendly and helpful . when we check in our room be very clean . it even smell good . our room have new carpet and be very large compaire to some other hotel . it even have a patio the housekeeping front desk staff and management be always available to accomidate our need . we often time have to ask for a lot as we be extend stay guest great deal on extend stay by the way the pool be very l ... view morearge and there be a sauna lot of table and chair and a pool table right in the pool area . i want to write this review to let the staff know how great they do and let future hotel seeker give this hotel a try . it be a great value.view less
i would not recommend anyone stay at this hotel in eau claire . none of the staff have any idea what s go on when you check in . i have this hotel resereve for my wedding guest and everything get screw up . we be all charge different amount for our room even after we be assure that we would only be charge this one amount . and the only girl who know what be go on get fire the non smoking room be very nice but the smoking one be horrible . also plan to check out ... view moreon time becaue they call you right at check out time i would not recommend this hotel to anyone view less
i m a big hi express fan and stay at these hotel regularly during the year i travel for business . something not right with the hi express of pt richey . first the neighborhood have go to hell since my parent move there in the 80 s. a walk just beyond the hotel parking lot put me face to face with no fewer than two ... more
we really enjoy this hotel it be very clean everyone be really nice and helpful . we check in thanksgiving eve and stay until sunday . even the overnight staff be really kind my son want popcorn after we come in from the pool and we didn t have any cash on us . a staff member pay for the popcorn themselves and hand ... more
pick this reservation for an extended stay due to take care of family matter . everybody be wonderful . noemi be very nice and handle my check in with no problem and add by membership to my reservation . breakfast be great with a nice selection . would definitely recommend
what a dump . this be a horrible hotel and the customer service be awful we stay in that hotel for a skating competition they tell you be go to get a group rate . when you get to the hotel the price be diferent try to talk to the maganer few time she say nothing she can do .. she be ... more
homeless people wander the parking lot and lobby . dirty carpet and smelly room with rip bed . not impressed . employee be nice enough and apologize for the homeless people who follow you in your car in the parking lot ask for money .
a once very nice hotel to stay at have fall into serious decline . they be in major need of security problem kid run in hall at 10 30 at night teen 20something drink beer and eat pizza sit in side walk outside lobby entrance skateboarder all over parking lot at all hour bum hang around smoking area break a c on 3rd floor ice ... more
totally recommend this hotel to anyone staff extremely helpful . deshia be a exceptional employee . go out of her way to make sure everything be satisfactory . if in vallego again i would definitely stay at best western inn and suit at dscovery kingdom vallego
the hotel be great and just a block away from discovery kingdom . they have a shuttle that take you from the hotel to the park and pick you up later . this will save you 25 a day in parking . the breakfast buffet be a great way to start your day . they have coffee and cold water for you at the lobby 24hrs so that be also a plus . the room be spacious with sofa bed and the staff be very friendly . this be a great value and an awesome place for a family trip .
the staff there be really good and the room comfortable . hotel look tired and its location good it be not too far from all thing consider the like of san francisco napa valley just to name a few
free parking very clean room and hotel . friendly staff . we will definitely stay here again .
this hotel be clean and well keep .. however because i have child they put me on the same floor as other child . i be wake up many time throughout the night by scream child and they be not my own it be very loud throughout the night of people talk and run up and down the hallway i be quite disturb by this . overall the room be comfortable just very loud and obnoxious people that happen to stay there which be unfortunate .
i have stay at this hilton garden inn a few time . it have a very convenient location to the raritan center and many restaurant option . it be always clean and the staff be excellent . the hot tub be really hot .
if you re in edison for whatever reason this be the first last and only hotel to consider stay at . free parking free wifi free shuttle free treat in the lobby and friendly staff i have no negative complaint about this hotel . i love my stay here
great
room be clean . hotel locate at a busy intersection . window be so outdated every outside noise be hear . a lot of traffic noise . ac unit keep come on snd off so frequently it keep us awake . initially when we arrive no one be at the desk . have to wait several minute before be help .
my kid love the pool . i love the hot tub and the fitness area . my kid really enjoy breakfast . convenient location . close to the beach . great for the price . i will be back again . the reward program be a great perk
dirty room uncomfortable bed tv remote do not work no parking space
the front desk man be very rude . if i didn t like the indoor pool i would never go back again . he be very arrogant and act as if he didn t care if our stay be enjoyable . tell me false information and make it difficult for me to check in.they need to rehire a new front desk person if i ever see him again i m turn the other way .
book over the phone . ask if they be pet friendly and the lady say yes . drive 5 hour to get here and then be tell no cat allow . would not cancel nor refund the reservation . call my bank to stop payment and dispute the charge . very unfriendly staff . not a good experience
a little shabby but you get what you pay for . upside be the beach be right behind the motel.they do have nightly event such as movie night live dj . also the view from the balcony be beautiful they have a pretty nice pool also .
i visit this hotel about 6 7years ago it be nice not sure what happen now.i stay in the family suite it be horrible one of the bedroom be so hot it melt my hair product .. the stairwell smell like urine and fish . the kitchen stove area be dirty both restroom be hot and grimmy.the front of the dresser drawer be fall ... more
they be very friendly when i book my 246.00 with tax a night kitchenette room for that price you would expect a nice room . not room be very run down and walk into the bathroom and see roach totally gross us out . i should have look at other review before i take the room to see other people complain about ... more
we stay at the chateau for five night we smoke on the balcony with the room door open we do not smoke in the room they charge us 150 dollar to clean we will never stay at the chateau again we have stay at the chateau for a few year some time twice a year just beware of add on ... more
this be the only place we could find at the last minute when everything be book up and we couldn t understand why until we get here . but even still we could not have ask for anything better for the price . we be literally 10 step from the beach and locate in the heart of front beach road . it be biker ... more
stay at the chateau be like stay with family as a child my family beach vacation be always at the chateau so i love go back anytime i be in panama city beach.the staff be always gracious and friendly very helpful with any need clean and fully stock room . great location right on the beach with many convenience close by .... more
stay for the weekend and the only thing i would change be that a free continental breakfast would be nice . the staff be very friendly and accommodating . i would highly recommend this hotel to anyone stay in harrisburg .
pro all of the hotel staff be friendly check in and out process be quick day time parking be good bed be clean and comfortable . con we stay in room 207 . we pay for 3 night but only stay for 2 . the bathroom ceiling tile be mold and fall apart the shower curtain be cover in mold the tv have ... more
very outdated room . bed be hard as a rock . continental breakfast suitable for the carb lover but nothing for the health conscious . parking be good in the day but at night plan to do a little walking . lot be not very well light either . almost every hotel in the area have have their pool open for 2 week but not ... more
sadly in need of total facelift . not so clean bed comfy but in need of linen update . old tv . kind of feel like i need to check for crawlie . you get what you pay for . would not return and would not recommend .
we recently stay at day inn apple valley sevierville tn for 4 night and have no problem and if do staff take care off . emily and maintenance man be the best as be the rest of the staff who be for the most part . convenient location close to everything and get what you pay for . we will be back next year .
stay here for our trip to hershey park . my son love the nice and warm pool . friendly staff and very close to restaurant and grocery store .
the lobby and breakfast area be very nice and clean . the girl at the desk be very friendly . however my non smoking room reake of smoke and we find a container of chew tobacco in the bedside table . my three year old also pull out two 2 x 4 be from underneath the bed . the bathroom be clean .
the room smell horrible ... like stale cigarette smoke and mold . other than the smell they give me the handicapped room with a shower that flood the floor . besides these 2 thing the room be fine . i will never stay here again .
we have a quick overnight stay here while travel from atlanta to boston . at the end of a 12 hour day in the car this be a great place to pull into the woman at the front desk be extremely nice the room be very clean and the bed be super comfy . bonus they be pet friendly and it can be hard to find a place that will take 2 dog . i would definitely stay here again .
this hotel meet all of expectation . great breakfast good value and convenient location .
wendy at the front desk be very unfridently . the hallway at the floor be dirty . tv in the room be not work no channel . wendy be not accommodate customer s need at all over half hour try to fix the tv with no success . ask for change room she say no . even at the begin wendy tell us plenty of room available .
a recent stay in early april 2016 be most enjoyable . the property be beautifully appoint with cool industrial minimalist decor and an unbeatable location in south beach . the rooftop pool be beautiful . best of all be the staff friendly courteous . they go out of their way to make sure that our stay be memorable honeymoon same sex couple . will definitely return .... more
there be no airport shuttle and it be a little run down
have a king room ask for one not face the indoor pool . they give me one that didn t but it be across the hall from one of the floor entrance door a heavy fire door that make a loud noise when it close as well as the ice machine . my room be superficially clean . the dust ruffle have dirt mark on ... more
our room smell like smoke and they have no other room to offer us . i find a spider in the bed when i roll back the sheet to go to bed . just didn t think the price be match by the value . we also be not impressed with the powdered scramble egg in the breakfast buffet .
we stay two night here while in town to visit with our son that live in the area . the hotel be excellent . room be spacious bed be comfortable and everything work correctly . would definitely recommend.hello guest thank you so much for your kind review we appreciate the recognition and be so happy you enjoy your stay with us . it be a pleasure and we hope to see you again soon . sincerely liz lionberger general manager
alfonso have the best smile ... great way to start my day every morning as i head for the free coffee and breakfast . i ve thoroughly enjoy my stay here ... even the house keep staff be friendly and helpful as well as the maintenence guy especially tonya and linda who both introduce themselves to me . kelly don t know if i m spell his ... more
on the way to my mother and want to see the mountain site we stay overnight in fresno . we look for a place by the freeway on the way to yosemite and find this spot . the front desk be nice and when i state i have a dog do not think twice and be happy to have my buddy stay ... more
this place be worse than terrible i reserve my dad a room for a funeral and i have to say that it be the worst place i ve ever see the place be beyond filthy and smelly they didn t even try to hide the filth my brother find bed bug in his room and decide to leave bottom line stay away
this be a clean hotel.but the smell be not so good the breakfast be ok .
mold in bathroom . blanket have fur ball old . klennex box rust . ac loud . the property have old decor . will not be return to the property . i will not be return to red roof inn . if this be how they run their inn i will stay somewhere else .
when i check in the front desk staff be really helpful and nice they upgrade me room because they be out of 2 queen size bed and they let me know at check in so when i go into the room the bed be so big my kid love it because they have a big bed and the room be ... more
one room key didn t work carpet in hallway and at door filthy dirty as for carpet in room due to color not able to see as much but come on if outside door be visibly stain and dirty what s expect inside . continental breakfast ok . all night as we check in late people guest outside smoke and litter their cigarette butts all over . don t recomend
i have never be to such a place in my life . the room need a deep clean or totally revamp . then we have noisy people in the next room . when i call the front desk the night receptionist do come to to tell them to turn the noise down but be ignore . we complain again only to be tell that ... more
stay away from this place . it be a dirty roach motel it seem like the place be more like low income housing for homeless people and drug user then a hotel for tourist visitor . the room be dirty and smell . there be people smoke weed and do drug in the parking lot . i would not recommend this place to anyone .
the room be big and bed comfortable . everything else be bad . dirty no hot water . poor tv reception . spotty wifi . moldy hallway . dangerous neighborhood . bkfst only for tour group . faucet poor condition . couch stain and baggy . rug stain . hole in door screen . road under construction . etc . etc .
we have a problem with our air conditioning in the air and they be unable to fix it so they move us to a new room even though the hotel be completely book . it be a great place to stay overnight and very close to the auto train . great staff
colazione abbondante e con molta scelta . camere pulite .
the hotel staff be very helpful especially travel around the greater dc area and shopping and eat establishment .
fruhstuck inklusive zwar grosse auswahl allerding in pappbechern und papptellern in selbstbedienung es gibt einen aussenpool der in der heissen saison hilfreich ist allerdings nicht sonderlich schon gepflegt .
when i open the door to my room the trash can be on the floor with garbage from it on the floor . there be big cigar or cigarette ashe on one bed and an aluminum beer can on the entertainment center . the room smell like cigarette smoke . i call down to the front desk and she apologize emphatically and i go down to get another room key . mind you i be with my family of 4 2 small kid in tow . the second room be appear clean however it still smell like cigarette smoke . the only good thing about this hotel be the bed be comfy and the hot water last long enough for my family of four to take shower . continental breakfast be alright but it be complimentary so i can not complain . we stay a total of 6 night but only because i have already prepay . if i have not we would have move to another hotel .
first of all i read these review alot and i be always suprise at how picky some people be . we be not that way and be usually look for something that be a good deal even if it s not the greatest hotel . have say that this be my review . get into the hotel at 11 30 at night after 11 hour of drive to find that the air conditioning in our room do not work . the front desk clerk be extremely rude and very difficult to work with however a security maintence guy be more than helpful and after about 45 minute we be transfer to a new room . the hotel be extremely basic if that be what you be look for . it be in the middle of road and highway and overpass and really have no character at all . if you be look for a one or two night stay at a cheap price it s not too bad . the hotel do have a decent free breakfast but if it get to busy it be very chaotic crowd and dirty . there be several other hotel nearby that i would try first if we ever come to dc again .
this hotel have a very strange layout and my room and the hallway smell mildewy . but it seem very clean otherwise and the staff be very nice . the breakfast buffet be pretty good . the free shuttle to the metro turn out to cost 10 not sure if the driver and the hotel have that understanding or not .
after stop over for one night in another city on the way to springfield and be very disappointed in that hotel super 8 i be tempt to cancel my reservation here but when we check in we be all pleasantly surprised and very satisfied with the room very clean helpful and polite staff good hot cold breakfast etc . i have reserve two room myself husband and in law . we check in tue and out on sit no problem at all . we would definitely stay at this hotel again .
staff member be nice . quiet place .took a while to get check in . the room get a little musty i guess due to bad ventilation . overall stay way ok . below my expection
excellent clean hotel with great include breakfast and friendly helpful staff .
the room be good and on the opposite side of the highway and low 2nd floor as we hear other say something about the highway noise . the breakfast and shuttle save us a ton of money and time . the hot breakfast egg waffle grit oatmeal etc . be the same everyday but there be enough of a variety if you stay long it win t get boring . the shuttle will take you within 3 mile and the dc metro station be within this range . they start at 6 30 am if you wan to get an early start but they have 3 different van so we have no wait anytime we want to leave . short wait when you call for pick up but not long . no parking hassle in dc 15 a day or at the metro station 5 a day . it be hot 100 so the pool be a great way to cool off after walk all day around dc .
get off to a rocky start as the room be not ready at our check in time guarantee late check in . this be at 10 p.m. on a sunday night the lobby be full of customer who could not check in also at least 7 different reservation where be hold up . front desk staff have to leave check the room to see if they have be clean at 10 30 thankful my room be ready by then not sure how the other make out as i wasn t stick around to hear the complaint . the breakfast consist of powered scrambled egg power egg cheese omelette under or over cooked bacon link or patty sausage only one meat a day fruit that be not fresh and broken waffle coffee other machine during the week . it s food with zero taste . one of the two elevator have be out of service for the entire 8 day i have be here . the maid do do a good job clean the room every day . the picture on the website for the pool be a straight out lie yes it have a pool and no it be only a average to small pool in size . more than 15 guest at any time make it a little jammed . overall it s a room a bed .
terribly manage hotel . probably the worst hotel i have stay in a while . arrive late in the evening and find a que of guest try to check in . one family with four kid apparently have book two room via expedia only to be tell they have only one room with a king bed available . the two guy behind the counter have no clue what to do listen to their phone conversation with apparently their manager it seem they have a number of free room but those have not be clean and where dirty . they also make everyone pay a 200 security fee which upset several of the guest try to check in . my room be prepay and i do not have that problem . however i need to go three time up to my room on the 6th floor because the key card do not work they then switch me to another room . the door of the first room have clear sign of an attempt break in . since they could give me another room why do they not give another one for this family room be ok but smell moldy . breakfast be poor and breakfast room pretty dirty and unpleasant . to sum it up i do not recommend this hotel . should have choose the courtyard marriott across the street instead eventhoug it be a little more expensive . other folk in my group stay there i should have do the same .
dear sir madam i arrive closer to 23h00 the first night . i be first assigned room 421 which after spend some time there realise that the main light be not work and the toilet appear to be clog also find a sweetener paper wrap in the toilet . i be then assign room 418 none of the light in main area and then finally get room 426 well past midnight . the light keep have to be reset during the course of my stay . the general cleanliness of the room be not great .
we have a wonderful time the breakfast buffet be delicious and lot of variety the staff be very friendly and helpful . only downside be the elevator be break for 2 day of our stay but glad we be only on the 4th floor . the free shuttle to the metro be awesome and save us so much in parking and the hassle of dc traffic . the room be clean and housekeeping provide our need in necessity .
no desk or desk chair . no internet except for room close to office . air conditioner very loud . uncomfortable bed .
my stay be ok but could have be much better if the hotel be pet friendly . the maid didn t speak english so couldn t understand any request for normal room amenity .
staff not all that friendly or helpful at check in . hot water be scald and regulator do not work properly . breakfast be not great . toilet have slow leak .
wasn t too thrill that i have to hike up three flight of stair to get to my room since none of the elevator be work but then i find out from some other guest that be sit out in the first floor hallway that the downstairs have horrible internet service so be on an upper floor turn out to have its advantage . no complaint regard the room amenity or free breakfast .
include full breakfast have egg dry scramble kind sausage potatoe a waffle maker yay on top of juice yogurt etc ... our wireless internet do not work in our room . the building layout be a little spooky but the price be very reasonable and have free parking . this be a great value for 20 less than other springfield hotel and much less than stay in dc itself with just 20min drive time . i would stay here again .
the employee there be so helpful breakfast be great little different everyday . and with the shuttle to the metro transportation be a breeze never have to wait for anything we will go back and tell other about this wonderful hotel
i request a non smoking room . when i open my door i could smell heavy scent be stale cigarette and alcohol . every thing in the room seem dingy . so much so i have to go to the local grocery store and buy sanitation wipes.and come back clean my room . the ac do not work well at all . the next morning i go down to the breakfast and there be the front desk in the dining area yell at a couple because they be eat there . and then he go and get another female employee and she go over and start yell at them . grant the couple be not guest of the hotel . but everyone know you should put on a professional face at all time . the could have ask them quietly to follow them out . then after work i return to my room to find that the maid and come in but didn t even replace the towel . this be the worst experience at a hotel i have ever have . i will not be return and i do travel to dc about every other month for business . and this hotel will permanently be mark off my list . need a total face lift and brand new well train staff . i would wipe it clean and start with a brand new clean slate ... with everything .
the hotel staff ms . vundee i think this be how you spell her name be an excellent hostess waitress in the breakfast room she make the experience worthwhile . she be the only one who be very welcoming cheerful informative caring in general a very good leader she deserve a raise . the other in the front desk be average . the full breakfast be good with many option
hotel bien situe dans pre de la ville de washington et a proximite de la route pour se rendre dan les etats du sud .
this be the second time we have stay at this hotel . it be clean and very pleasant . we definitely will return .
first the young woman who work at the front desk should get a raise . she be one of the most pleasant and helpful hotel employee i have meet . she be able to answer every question and didn t seem to mind that we ask the same one several time . second breakfast be wonderful . finally location be perfect for the conference we need to attend the follow day . the only reason i rate surround neighborhood so low be that the hotel be surround by highway but that add to its convenience .
the hotel be generally clean well maintain comfortable bed towel at poolside breakfast buffet reasonably stock . however there be a couple of problem with our room . we stay in room 120 for two night . first when we enter the room we be all strike by a kind of damp feeling and ammonia smell . i think it be just clean fluid and our nose do adjust in a few minute . however upon reentere the room each time the smell be always there and do not go away . additionally paper leave in the room get that kind of damp feel about it where it go a little limp and wet clothe hang up upon our arrival be still damp two day later even though the air conditioner be on the whole time . there s almost certainly water collect somewhere in the room cause the ammonia smell and damp feeling . its worth note that the air conditioner be new and quiet and work fine and i would not have suspect any problem . however my suspicion be that it be set to recirculate or perhaps the drain be clog or both . i look for a recirculate control on the a c but could not find one . either that or there s a plumbing leak somewhere in the room though i see no sign of it . i report this to the clerk on checkout . the other problem be that the tub drain be misalign with tub floor and would not close properly so it be impossible to take a tub bath . the clerk offer to switch our room but it be not worth the trouble since we be check out soon .
three fire alarm over 2 night be unusual for this hotel . try the mocha machine in the breakfast area .
it s like this use to be a decent hotel and they just stop care . take the hotel clerk 3 try to give me the right key after send me to the wrong room . bed be not very comfortable and the heating cooling be really noisy .
udemrket hotel for kortere ophold . det var ikke fantastisk man hvad kan forvente til denne pris flink reception og okay vrelse .
room be very clean . staff be friendly and helpful . breakfast be a plus and good . close to highway only 20 minute from dc attraction . nearby to shopping and local restaurant . the silver diner nearby be excellent .
check in at 3 a.m. have an early flight the hotel employee that check me in be rude and very unpleasant he lie to me about a hold on my account before he make me go to my bank and transfor money becusee my card wouldn t work then when i come back he tell me that they would place a 200 hold when he prev tell me that there would be no hold just rude his whole attitude ask for a manager but be tell no one be on duty .
los colchones no son comodos solo trabajo un elevador las toallas curtidas el aire acondicionado no se pudo regular la temperatura .
the breakfast bar be wonderful so many choice . the location be pretty good and they provide shuttle to metro . the room be not great . the bathroom be clean the bed be on the small side . the rest of the room seem a bit outdated but fine by me for the price . big downfall . gum on two area of the headboard . i do not know who put gum on the top and side of the headboard but i be more disturbed housekeeping do not see it to clean it up . overall for the price compare to other it be pretty good .
we check in very late to the hotel and ask if we could check out at 1 pm instead of noon and they say it be fine . i put the do not disturb sign on the door just to have the clean staff disregard it . they knock twice at about 9 30 wake up my husband and then proceed to try open the door . since i have the lock on they realize we be not ready for them to clean . they come back a second time an hour later and do the same thing . this time since my husband have wake up i yell out we re not ready do not disturb mean do not disturb . i call the front desk and they say that they would talk to the cleaning manager . as we be get ready they knock again and again . to say the least we end up not sleep well at all . this be unacceptable what s the point of offer a sign that s go to be disregard . i hope no one else have a similar experience .
a nice place to stay . i would recommend change the breakfast menu it be dry out pretty tasteless except for the waffle . one of the 2 elevator be break so you have to walk all the way to the other end of the hotel go to your floor then walk all tbe way back to your room . the staff however be top notch . go to dc they have a shuttle to the metro . good value for the price .
basic and a little under the standard i expect from a best western . have the basin in the room as oppose to within the bathroom be not a feature that we enjoy and the bathroom could have be cleaner
air conditioning unit whine like an airliner approach a landing annoying plus wasn t very efficient mattress s have see better day s or in this case better night s need replace . our room be on the interstate side back of hotel very noisey actually think at one point that the window be open . ironing board leg s be severely bent broke in half when attempt to close after use which be difficult to use since it wouldn t lock upright
i book 2 room online and make special request directly to the hotel all of which be meet without any problem . i have some additional request on our arrival again all be meet with great attitude by the hotel employee . the staff be always pleasant and helpful . though it be close to the highway our room be in the front and below highway level so noise be not at all a problem . the free breakfast be great offering freshly bake waffle scramble egg and fresh fruit as well as the usual . shuttle be always available during our stay and take us to restaurant as well as the metro . we will definitely return when we visit the dc area again .
the hotel staff be super friendly and helpful . the hot breakfast be also very good . apart from the usual cold fare the hot part include scrambled egg home fry and one other item bacon or sausage or biscuit gravy during our stay . but that s where the positive end . the hotel condition be pretty bad . room elevator and all other common area need major renovation . many small issue exist in our room to name a few the faucet head be break the hook in the bathroom be miss the phone be not work the in room lighting be poor probably the darkest hotel room in my experience and i travel a lot . oh i forgot to mention one other positive the free shuttle van to nearby place include the metro station . all in all it s a ok hotel if you be a student or in a tight budget . otherwise i wouldn t recommend it .
the staff be very nice but the room be just old . have a strange smell to the room and my daughter actually get congested while we be stay there . it may not have have anything to do with the room but you can t help but wonder . the breakfast be nice . hotel just need a major renovation . we feel safe in the area .
very comfortable bed nice linen . we use the mini refrig for cold water and drink . great breakfast friendly helpful staff .
good for one nigth excellent brakfast
hotel be very clean . staff be friendly and knowledgable . a lot of nearby shopping center .
when we check in and procede up to our room we go into the room to find they have a maintainence worker still work on something in the bathroom they have no other room available so they just hurry him up with whatever he be fix . tour group of young adult who seem to have no supervision be allow to run up and down the hallway and stair at all hour of the night they even have ball game they be play in the hall and be call other guest room with prank phone call . when we call down to complain about 11 00pm we be tell we need to be patient this go on every night of the trip and we be there 8 day
the room service location staff and breakfast be perfect . and the pool be unbelievably enticing despite its or maybe because of its unusual location
room be small but staff be very accommodating . a good jumping off place for commute into dc
very clean near dc . breakfast very good . easy to locate staff be friendly . only i do not have time to try the pool .
location be unsafe and hotel look pretty old . i use to stay at best western but i do not recommend anyone to stay here .
great place to stay if you want to go to dc the room be very good we have a welcome gift wait in our room which be very nice . the staff be very helpfull and give us at check in unasked very usefull info about the surround area and way to travel within dc . our room be on the opposite side of the highway and onthe 2nd floor with no highway noise . the hot breakfast egg waffle grit oatmeal etc . be very good and the same everyday but there be enough of a variety . the shuttle will take you anywhere within 3 mile and to the dc metro station all you have to do be call and they will pick you up as well . the pool be very clean and all day there s a lifeguard the pool be a great way to cool off after walk all day around dc
the service be bad there be no privacy
the hotel be very basic but the room we stay in be clean and comfortable . after stay at other best western hotel this hotel could include many more amentie . the hotel have an odor that be not pleasing 1 of 2 elavator be out of service . breakfast item be plentiful but the staff could not keep up during peak time and the buffet area get very messy . the front desk service employee be helpful and polite . i would not go back to this hotel inspite of the good price .
this hotel be undergo extensive renovation . it be currently fill with the sound of hammering and the unrenovated section be seriously outdate . we have a leaky air conditioner in the room which swamp the carpeting . i use four towel to mop up one section . the management be attentive to repair the ac but we have a fan run for two day to try to dry out the carpet . i m sure this will be a great place once the renovation be complete .
okay value for money . no bug odor or loud noise . the breakfast be considerably above average . the condition of the room need upgrade wall paper bathroom door . some light 2 not work properly . we sleep well .
hotel be clean and neat . room be wll keep they have all the necessity that you would need . morning get crowd at the continental breakfast . staff very pleasant . overall a good experience .
the hotel have some wear but the room be very clean and the staff be excellent . i would not hesitate to stay there again though the hotel do need some update to stay competitive .
we stay for 5 night and we be extremely pleased . it s not a new building but it be well maintain . what we be most pleased about be the breakfast buffet it be a true buffet not just pre wrap pastry egg potato sausage bacon waffles cereal fruit bagel toast etc . this save us a lot of money because we could start the day with a hearty meal . additionally stacy at the front desk be very helpful with all kind of information . i highly recommend this hotel we hope to stay there again in august .
i think the staff be friendly . the breakfast be ok with the steamer for the egg they be green in area . the shuttle be great to and from .... i wish the weather be better .
nice hotel good security little parkig full thu sun
be ok
great location with easy on and off of the freeway in any direction . hot breakfast be very good . room a little run down but satisfactory . price be very reasonable for the location and the pool be well maintain . staff polite and helpful . i travel to this area a couple of time a year and this be my first time stay in this hotel i will utilize this hotel next time .
we stay for 3 day over the memorial day weekend 2015 . this be a good hotel . great location and very convenient to the metro train . they have a real full breakfast selection which be great .. we would definitely stay there again in a heartbeat .
it s like any other hotel at this class but the staff be friendly room be clean full break fast plenty of food and drink the shuttle service to and from subway metro be free anytime you like it s worth the cost of hotel fare . i would recommend for quest who like to spend not much but want more amenity or service this be the right hotel to choose .
i have to request a room change because the initial room be not able to get wi fi access room 405 . we be allow to move to room 128 where it work . the hotel be clean and up to date . very pleasant . the breakfast bar be the best one we encounter on the entire trip . in fact i can say of the five motel hotel we stay in on our trip in pennsylvania and virginia this one be the best .
complimentary breakfast be offer which be great when you re on a family trip . locate near the metro station and with many restaurant and store in the surround area .
great location great price nice pool ongoing upkeep apparent best breakfast with many food choice free parking
it be overbearingly awful . the humidity and the foul mold odor be over our head . thank god we only stay one night but seriously this hotel either need a demolition or remodeling .
very nice staff and shuttle bus for anything within 3 mile . excellent breakfast . 2 block to get to any expressway the silver diner be great . great value for the buck .
before i book this hotel i review comment and rating which indicate i would be satisfied . unfortunately i be highly disappoint the hotel elevator have a bad smell my air conditioner work best at night i could hear my neighbor conversation and to make my stay really memorable someone be bang on a hotel door . as for security the hotel have a door that be not lock and be locate next to the elevator . i do not recommend this hotel
fantastic buy for the money . my wife and i be very pleasantly surprised . breakfast be ok with waffle sausage scramble egg etc . the place have be remodel and update but we find the imperfection to be few and small . the travel service to the metro station be quick which be very important since we stay there for 4 day .
everything about this hotel be gear to the dc business traveler . nothing be miss from the standpoint of communication inclusive of wireless net access . they provide more than just coffee and danish in the morning there be real food . plus snack item design to help you make it through a difficult day on the hill . convenience to the metro be a big plus and it s provide by a shuttle . wait staff go out of its way to accommodate and address problem if any . we have of course other option as far as where to stay in the dc area but this best western have my vote hand down right price right place right service . it s a win hand all the way .
the hotel be just right of i95 . very easy to get to dc from here . the franconia metro station be also near by . the breakfast option be the hotel be also pretty good .
for the rate it be an amazing stay would definitely recommend to my friend
the stay be pretty good for what it be . condition of hotel be a little dated . the room be pretty good and clean . although the bathroom a little small and the bed not so comfy need new mattress . other than that the stay be good .
the breakfast each morning be really quite good . a lot of food and a lot of choice not just carb . also the shuttle that take your from the hotel to anywhere within 3 mile be extremely valuable . we get to see dc and pay much less than average per night because the shuttle allow us to go to the metro every day we also use the shuttle to go to restaurant for dinner pick up a rental car for one day and even church on sunday
not good suppose to be there a freg . and microwave but i suffer and i have two kid .
decent hotel if you could get it for the right price . wouldn t necessarily recommend it for family . great for young people on a budget
hotelli vastasi hyvin tarpeitamme . huone oli siisti . ilmainen kyyti metroasemalle ja kauppakeskukseen oli iso plussa . aamupala oli keskitasoa .
a very old hotel with old smell bath tower and bedding fixture refrigerator be only available upon request but come with broken temperature set control knob and old floor carpet be not very cleanly vacuum . the a c work but noisy it would better be turn off if you prefer to have a quite sleep . the complimentary breakfast be very good .
there be a lot of miscommunication between me and the hotel pickup service . i use the metro the entire time i visit d.c . when i would get back i would have to be pick up at the franconia springfield station or else it would take the driver over an hour to come pick me up even if it be near the hotel . additionally there be not shuttle to reagan national airport . i have a flight to catch at 6 00 be so the metro be out of the question since it doesn t run until 5 00 am . the hotel couldn t do because it be too far away . they be promote a taxi service that be go to charge 40 to get to dca . i be not impressed with this taxi service when i need a ride from near the hilton hotel to best western this cabbie think new mexico wasn t part of the u.s . . so i do use uber to get to dca .
i be kick out just 2 hour into my stay even though i pay full price thank to the front desk people who give out my information to an unknown third party . my safety and security be violate . i also see cockroach and bug crawl all over the place . it be nasty .
the towel be soft pillow somewhat firm but there be a musty smell in the room . the breakfast be ok egg and bacon sub par . its good vale for money and conveniently locate .
they should change a carpet in the room plus painting
it have be a long time since i have have to give a security deposit . it hasn t be refund yet either .
after reservation the clerk refuse to check my worker because they do not have a credit card at the time and refuse to get my info the person that book the hotel for the requirement credit hold .
for the price the hotel be satisfactory . however we have an extremely long wait at night for the shuttle van a the nearby metro rail station despite give more than 15 minute the request amount of time notice and make repeat followup call . also the lone elevator be out of order throughout our 3 evening stay make check in and check out more difficult .
the staff be remarkable . i be only there 2 night and in that short time 3 different people go out of their way to make sure i have what i need . absolutely superb staff i m a frequent traveler and your people make this a very enjoyable experience .
the hotel staff be friendly and helpful at any hour of the day or night . food be hot and freshly prepared . the only down side be the fire alarm go off 3 of the 4 night we be there twice with cause and once accidentally . the shuttle service be a great plus and staff willingly take us to from the metro station every day . even though the location seem a little far from downtown dc it s extremely convenient to the metro and other amenity in the neighborhood . for a mid range hotel it s quite comfortable . extra kudo to stacey
we be extremely pleased and surprised with our stay at this hotel . the staff be extremely helpful and go out of the way to make our stay comfortable . there be a lifeguard at the pool and 2 computer in the lobby with internet access that we could use anytime we want which we never expect . there be a full breakfast every morning which be superb there be a shuttle to the metro that run from 7 a.m. 10 p.m. and anywhere within 3 mile of the hotel but you have to be prepare to wait . the hotel be walk distance to springfield mall and restaurant . don t rent a car to go to wa dc as the metro will get you within walk distance of the major attraction save you time and money . if we go back to dc we will stay there again .
the staff be very helpful in all aspect of service and provide our family with very helpful service to all the local venue
a good value hotel with all the amenity you need locate on the main route into and around washington dc . now look a bit tired the room be functional and clean . the hotel operate a complimentary minibus shuttle to any location within 3 mile of the hotel this include the nearest dc metro station and a large shopping mall . the hotel be locate literally on a highway junction which make get to and leave on the right highway an entertaining challenge . the complimentary breakfast be a good start to the day . in summary a good value option that tick all the right box for a visitor on a budget .
not bad for the price . some highway noise . guest can not come to your room without you come to down to get them .
older motel.iffie room but you get value for your money . safe neighborhood.close to metro rail transport . great staff salima from marocco the free breakfeast be worldclass.totally upperclass . if you want value for money in dc this be a great choice .
it be a recently build hotel allow to fall into disrepair . staff be go or unhelpful . room feel like a motel 6 . maybe . be ok for 85 . but no more . view of interstate exit ramp . i would recommend most other place . it do in a pinch and be close to dc . didn t feel unsafe . just unkept . it be fine to sleep in . and the pool be nice .
great service awesome breakfast poor old building elevator be not work for a 5 floor building
the overall building be clean but show some sign of wear ... the front desk staff be very friendly polite and helpful . its in a safe area and there be a nice big mall a block down the street . there be a free shuttle that bring you right to the springfield metro subway station . the breakfast spot next door be not an award winner but hey it s include so don t complain . the only thing we didn t like be that some family hang out in the hall late at night chit chat loudly . i guess it be our misfortune that night and the other thing be that the cleaning staff start vacuum the hall like at 7 am in the morning and it wake you up ... other than that its okay for a short stay .
the room smell musty and sink be locate outside of the bathroom . we get better room for the same price . very disappointed
one of the most enjoyable stay . everything be excellent .
our experience be ok . the room feel crammed with only 2 people . i didn t like the sink be outside of the bathroom . on the first day after check in the tv would not turn on . problem with the remote control . once it come on some local channel be grainy . not very clear . on the 3rd day housekeeping didn t take out trash clean or make the bed . i have to take out the trash myself . they only take towel out . i go and speak to the front desk and a few hour later someone come and clean and replace the towel . the breakfast area be small for the amount of people they have stay there .
excellent adventure . room be clean and comfortable . pool . clean and maintain . staff friendly . close to food shopping and trans . staff make us feel comfortable and special . will be back
we trade our timeshare for one at lake tahoe for a family christmas . our stay be nice and my husband who have stay at other place in tahoe over the year scale this as as above average . the furniture bed be very uncomfortable tv in main area be small but flat screen television be also in each bedroom which ... more
drive through and location be perfect . hotel be very clean bed be comfortable room be quiet breakfast be fresh and well maintain . fitness room be the best i have be in yet at a hotel . would totally stay here again .
i stay here whenever i be in the area . it be amazing and consistently amazing from staff to physical plant . very quiet at night and in the morning . the bed be so comfortable . very clean . breakfast be always wonderful
i look for cleanliness when i stay at a hotel . i have no complaint . the room be clean with nice furniture the bed be so comfortable . all of the staff be friendly and professional with smile on their face .
overall this be a nice hotel . however i do encounter a group of rowdy cheerleader who be loud . i have to complain each night about the noise but it be handle . room be clean and comfortable . i would stay here again . sometimes you just have to complain if your stay be unpleasant . i be compensate for my inconvenience .
i can t say enough wonderful thing about this hotel from the staff to the food to the cleanliness of the room this be a wonderful place to stay it s a convenient location surround by several great restaurant and minute from the mall .
due to an unexpected ice storm in maine we need to leave a day early . not only do this hotel take us in a day early they let us into the room at 10 instead of 3 the food we bring along for our coast guard son survive the hotel staff be amazing helpful and courteous . the room be spotless no bed bug . the hotel be locate close to walmart many nice eatery shopping . 15 min from newark an hour or so from virginia beach and 5 min from the coast guard base . thank you so much for make our stay in suffolk virginia . we will certainly be stay there in june when our son graduate a school thank you
desk associate be very friendly room be nice and clean very quiet hotel . sleep like a baby . thank for the great stay .
the hotel be well worth the extra money excellent staff the facility be very nice and it s well located . 35 minute from the beach in one direction 35 minute from williamsburg busch gardens in the other direction . the staff be spot on . when we check in we need linen for the pull out bed . by the time i be able to unload my car they be there wait on the bed
i be there to visit my daughter and her family that live in porstmouth va . the hotel be very close to them . i be able to bring my dog . the hotel staff allow me to leave and leave my dog loose in the room which be awesome they even assure me that if he get loud they would just call me . the room be a studio .. plenty of room for us both . the hotel be refurbish a year ago . they offer breakfast each morning waffle fruit cereal etc . they even have snack drink for sale . plus anything you may have forget love this place i will go back regularly
our single bed unit be update and nice quality . good tv sofa chair with ottoman . two bar stool at a nice granite counter top . first day we receive a phone call from maintenance that our tub have a leak and we would need to change unit . not happy but what can you do doug go out of his way to ... more
this be the 6th time we have stay at ww . this stay be for 2 wk and we be well pleased . the setting be magnificent and the staff so very helpful . many thank to rise for all the personal assistance she give us . the movie selection be great and sundae night be fun
first we book the hotel use hotels.com it have 2 star which be fine since we just need a quick place to sleep so we could go back to universal studio in the morning . we be not expect much but what we get be so much worse . when we go to check in we have to give them an extra ... more
the people a extremely polite and the room service be perfect . room and bathroom be spotless .
very nice hotel with the exception of the bed . it be very hard and uncomfortable .
perfect hotel indoor pool hot tube clean comfortable staff be friendly . it be locate across from a shopping center with great restaurant and a movie theater ... the beach be about 35 40 min away which take me by surprise because under research it ... but i didn t seem to mind the drive . overall i would recommend it to anyone .
the hotel be great . we drive in and our room be clean and comfortable . we enjoy room service and the staff be great . will stay here again when in suffolk .
hotel be generally good but the breakfast be extremely disorganized slow and eventually i just give up .
my hotel stay at the hilton garden inn can only be describe as over the top excellent . i be warmly welcome by a wonderful front desk clerk name jennifer who demonstrate exemplary customer service . the hotel be absolutely gorgeous and smell wonderful seriously . i stay in a jr . suite and find the room to be comfortable super clean and well appoint . my only complaint and it be relatively small be that the breakfast buffet wasn t that great especially give the price . when i mention this upon check out i be promptly give a barnes noble gift card in an effort to make up for my less than satisfactory restaurant experience . be i impress you bet i have never receive such wonderful customer service during any hotel stay as i do at the hilton garden inn . i will always make it a point to stay at this hotel each time i visit family in the area .
look forward too return again . hopefully sooner rather than later .
the hotel boast one of the most comfortable bed i have have the pleasure of sleep on . also a well appoint room all around .
this hotel be locate in a quite area . within the location of this hotel it offer awesome store option if you be in need of additional clothing or grocery store item . i ve stay at this location on several occasion but i must say this visit do not rate anywhere near my previous stay . the water in the tub back up which be gross and unsanitary . the surface in the tub be very slippery which should have better surface inside the tub . these experience have cause me to seek future overnight weekend stay at other 4 or 5 star hotel in the surround area . we go for coffee in the breakfast area but the coffee seem to have include undesired coffee grind we then choose to go out for breakfast after notify the staff .
i be very happy . we need dinner and a quick night s sleep . the area be great and we have many choice for food . kind of odd there be no glass in the room just two foam coffee cup .
our stay be wonderful.the room be clean we have plenty of towels.the staff be very friendly . i would recommend this hotel .
nice clean and quiet . staff be friendly and helpful . great place to stay
stay during high season in phoenix . not super chi chi but super solid . impeccably clean room clean lobby clean ground . friendly staff . cheesecake factory walk distance a bonus . easy to get to from phoenix ingress on highway 60 from east . great .
the location of the charlottesville hyatt place be excellent with a variety of food in walk distance . university of virginia very accessible from this location . front desk offer direction and guidance .
excellent location on the fringe of an up scale shopping area and lot of restaurant within walk distance just off rt 29 250 by pass . room be spacious and comfortable with couch and chair for lounge . the eat area provide a well appoint free breakfast and be perfect for gather off hour for a drink from the bar starbuck . the staff be bright and ... more
all of the out of town family and friend attend the wedding stay at the hampton . the service be great and we especially appreciate the ability to gather as a group each evening in the breakfast seating area without any complaint .
here on business and there be limited choice so i decide to try this because of the rating . i arrive and check in and my door be unlocked . fingerprint stain and hair . this be surface clean so the thought of what hasn t be deep clean in a while be scary .
i have stay here for my girl night birthday celebration and i must say the room be very spacious and clean . the hotel staff be very pleasant and all the amenity we need be right in this room . i will definitely be use this hotel in the future
it be a pleasure to stay at this hotel . very clean friendly staff . there be construction at this site initiative do a better job clean the area outside not leave everything this lay outside it be not very pleasant to see .
we be greet with smile and the hokey pokey . every effort be make to ensure we have everything we need . a nice soft bed to sink into after an afternoon of workshop . snack be available a dream come true for hungry teacher .
my wife and i fly in for the big game unc vs duke to find that we arrive to early for check in . with me not even ask the general manager patrick make some call and get us a room clean immediately . not only be he work the front desk all by himself but we watch this man service every ... more
our room be clean and the check in process efficient . it be a very well keep property . but the most outstanding thing about this hampton inn be patrick dewberry he s the main administrator at the front desk and his personalized service be bar none he know his guest and enjoy kibitz with them he have an incredible memory and ... more
very impressed with the customer service at this hampton inn patrick the manager be incredibly helpful in coordinate my travel through chapel hill . the receptionist sean be incredibly kind and welcome especially after a long day of travel . the room be in great condition and very clean . hot breakfast and free wifi be great bonus . would book here again ... more
excellent accommodation . clean spacious room and nice amenity . i be in chapel hill regularly and will definitely be return . the staff be great . even give me a tip for a nice thai restaurant bangkok 54 across the way . excellent hot breakfast too
this hotel be easy to find and the staff be very accommodating . it be very close to a great neighborhood restaurant . it be very well take care of . if you stay you will not regret it . i have stay in a variety of room and include the suite and they be clean and comfortable .
the best everything about our trip be excellent we like the place so much we add a few extra day the breakfast be so good and different each day . the room be beautifully decorate and clean and comfortable . sleep like a baby
stay there for just one overnight . the room i get smell like a smoker room even though apparently it be suppose to be a non smoking room . this property have a long way to go be modernize . the room be antiquated and need a serious freshening . the safe in my room be miss the lock entirely . the shower water closet room be ... more
book this place to stay the night for a wedding that i be attend . it be me and a couple of buddy so all we really need be a place to crash at the end of the night . it be fine for that . would i bring my lady here for a romantic trip no . but if you need an affordable ... more
i have enjoy my stay at the quality in . it be very quiet and i sleep like a baby . the room be very clean and bed be comfy . the shower be very clean with hot water . big flat screen tv and microwave and refrigerator . the brakefast they have be yummy . very friendly staff . what i have to say be i ... more
we stay here on our way out to a midwest trip and it be very unsatisfactory . the pillow be down which i be extremely allergic to . i try call the guest service who didn t answer twice . go down physically and they didn t have any allergy free pillow available for use . recommend that i use bundle up towel to sleep on . the room smell very bad when we arrive . the only redeem factor be they have a nice pool hot tub .
there be not many place to stay in this area so this place be a good place for the night . it certainly beat the lower price hotel motel that be usually offer in remote area . the room we stay in be clean and comfortable . there be a buffet breakfast offer in the morning for only 8.75 but after eat it i wish we would ve hold out for a cracker barrel or even dunkin donut .
we stay here on our way east . the room include a a balcony and a jacuzzi . the bed be super comfortable . the food and room service be exceptional . hotel staff be exceptionally friendly and helpful .
the ad say that the room have be redone and the picture look great but in reality we have a poorly patch hole in the bathroom door rusty tub fixture and the obviously new paint be chip . comforter look new but the sheet be super scratchy . also it be a motel style place which be not clear from the ad which mean people smoke off the balcony outside their room and the air conditioner suck the gross smoky smell into your room . it be fine for last minute since literally nothing else be available last minute for the night be be stay for business in dc but normally for an extra 20 buck you could find something much nicer .
this be a budget hotel which have be recently remodel . no frill small but clean and neat . we have a king size bed which have the most comfortable mattress of our entire trip the sheet be crisp and clean so relax after a long day of activity . the area be quiet and we have no safety issue . there be coffee in the lobby which be good . no other food or drink except vend machine but numerous eat choice on the same street . there be no elevator but we have a ground floor room so this wasn t an issue for us . overall a good value if you be just look for a place to sleep . we would definitely stay there again .
check in process go very smooth romano be very friendly and have a lot to offer as far as get into dc and thing to do . the room be clean bed make nicely bathroom be a bit small and only 2 large towel so we have to ask house keep for more the on duty house keeper didn t speak very ... more
we be there because of the loss of a love one therefore we do not spend much time in the room . it be a place to sleep . it be small yet comfortable .
we recently move to the dc area and need a place to stay while house hunting . we choose the red roof inn plus base on a recommendation from our bring fido app since we be travel with two dog . the red roof inn do not charge a pet fee which be an add bonus and it be smoke free we ... more
be travel . have be drive all day . go to this hotel be so very pleased . the staff at front desk be professional yet friendly . the room be clean and bright . the bathroom be spotless . i be sort of picky complimentary coffee in lobby . fresh cookie upon arrival . comfortable bed nice pillow . will stay again .
front desk attendant wasn t available on arrival . have to call her to open the door to let me into the hotel itself that be a first for me . then she proceed to be rude through out the check in process . ac be loud as a lawn mover . keep me up all night . worst one night stay ever . big nope .
a typical hampton inn . two issue however . locate at an exit that have no town around it ... just 2 other motel restaurant gas etc . 1or 2 exit . the most bothersome feature be that the approach be a very dark road which turn out be a divided parkway with nothing but a few short white stake to mark it . we run up ... more
my visit to hampton inn jackson tn be an awesome experience the customer service i receive from the associate name rufus tonie be exemplary and at the highest standard of customer satisfaction . everyone on staff go over above to make sure my stay be an excellent experience . i will definitely be stay at this location again .
nothing bad to say about this hotel . great location great service great staff great room and they take pet the front desk staff be very helpful and so courteous . the last time we be in jackson we stay at the marriott courtyard next door and their service and the attitude of their front desk staff be so terrible we vow ... more
my hotel stay meet my expectation . just a good night s rest and quite place to stay . service be good and room be clean . the breakfast meal be well do and food be hot and selection be many . the to go bag be handy for the early departure .
very clean room . good breakfast . extremely friendly and helpful front desk staff . the swimming pool be tiny and outdoors but we didn t use it anyway . this be the best hotel in jackson tn . we will stay here again .
nice hotel with clean room but a very odd location off the interstate . the staff be friendly and helpful . our room be not protect from the abundance of highway noise throughout the night . additionally it s not extremely intuitive on how to actually get to the hotel through a very weird access road . and we think the parking be limit especially ... more
this be my first time feel compel to write a good review ... the room be perfect ... fireplace jacuzzi tub extremely comfortable bed and bedding i be very picky but could not find anything to complain about the owner be avail and even call us on our way to get eta so room would be perfect include rise pedal on the ... more
my husband and i celebrate our 1st anniversary and stay at the inn at europa . up on a hill overlook the vineyard take us to another place far away . it be beautiful . chef dean and his wife nicole be very gracious and welcoming . our room be very clean and comfortable and the staff be very professional . chef dean serve us ... more
chef dean and nicole be amazing they make us feel welcome from the moment we walk into the inn . our room be excellent and the balcony view be great the breakfast be incredible . we plan on return to europa again very soon
what a wonderful experience for a girl get away . chef dean and nicole be great host . breakfast be an international yummy delight . each room be different and very comfortable . the bed be conducive to a great night s sleep . we will be return for our annual fall get away . thank so much chef dean an nicole .
what a find we two couple be look for an overnight stay in temecula and hit the jackpot . meet chef dean early in the day and he make wonderful recommendation for a place to have lunch and a number of winery to visit . in the afternoon we enjoy drink on the patio and then go to dinner at an afghani ... more
we have eat at many other mcmenamin before so for my son s birthday we choose the one in mcminnville since we be there for a track meet at linfield . big mistake order be screw up with two meal not deliver until everyone else be through waiter change in the middle and the bill charge us one meal too much . not happy .
the place to meet after a long day at ufofest . i have a very tasty burger with all the trimming and try some imaginative beer . great atmosphere be half the journey to a good meal experience . try the roof top on a sunny day relax and watch the cloud go by .
we be pass through mcminnville on our way to the coast . think we would stop for a quick breakfast and be on our way to our surprise we stay for breakfast and lunch the food be excellent staff exceptional and the location really invite you to linger and investigate . the rooftop bar be so unexpected relaxing and cool really ... more
we stay in a queen with a private bath . even this room be way too small . when i open the door i could barely get my luggage in without hit the bed . we pick the romance package which come with a bottle of edgefield sparkle wine handmade local chocolate and massage oil . very nice we didn t eat here because we both feel mcmen have grow tired and there be so many great new restaurant in mcminn . if you like a tiny room with a creepy atmosphere this place be for you
stay here because it be right downtown mcminnville . we be on a wine tour of the willamette valley . never again the room do have its own bath you pay extra for that but it be small small small . it smell dusty there be barely room to turn around only a bed and two tiny nighstand . where do you put the ... more
great selection of beer on tap . salad be fresh and tasty burger and sandwich be okay but too much grease . order teriyaki bowl swimming in oil like a stew return it .
my son take me here while i be on vacation . we eat on the top deck and have a very good meal . our hostess be awesome and i will definitely go back . we do walk the street after dark and it be cool to see all of the architecture downtown .
upon arrival i be greet warmly by ashlee at the front desk . she know my first name and that we be there for our daughter s weddde what a difference from the previous two nite we have spend at the torrey pines hilton.i will review that hotel as well .... for me it be all about service and i be so impressed ... more
my wife and i would definitely not recommend this hotel . it be over price noisy and not clean . the only accommodate person be the breakfast attendant . the rate go up a ridiculous amount during the week .
locate in the sleepy town of westfield this best western be exactly what it be intend to be . it s a no frill business orientate hotel . the room be very comfortable the breakfast punctual and delicious the staff incredibly accommodate and courteous and the location central . i thoroughly enjoy my stay and would definitely recommend it to any business traveler .
the staff at westfield best western be very helpful courteous and accommodating . i stop here whenever i m in the westfield nj area . the service and price be great walk distance to great eatery and a french restaurant right next door always a pleasurable stay you win t be disappoint . the staff go out of there way to accommodate . kudo to the ... more
nice location and convenient to the beach . the property be pretty old and outdated . the room have to many cockroach . cockroach be on the desk and in the furniture . would be nice if the room be pest free .
my family and i really enjoy stay at the kahala . overall stay be relax welcome and pamper . the staff be wonderful provide great service . love the beach as it feel private and peaceful.mahalo for stay at the kahala we be delighted you enjoy your stay and the peaceful beach . we look forward to welcome you back soon .
hotel be nice . have to ask for towel . room be clean late in day . come back from beach and no clean towel . wifi cost extra parking be 35 day to hand them my key . no complimentary breakfast . not a 4 star experience . stay at a marriott last year much better
i come down for a work event and i choose this hotel mainly for its proximity to the event site but i end up have dinner at the restaurant on the 11th floor which offer great happy hour and fantastic view . it be convenient have those option on site as i have drive far to get there and didn t want to have to get back in the car to find a place to eat . my only complaint be that the hotel be valet only which result in unexpected expense because i feel obligated to tip the valet driver each time but that s not a huge deal .
such a good trip . be there with my fiancee to enjoy a little getaway for the weekend be perfect . we couldn t believe the view . the sunset be phenomenal and you can t imagine the sunrise . i just wish we be able to have free wifi . suck to pay but they want to make a profit right other than that the amenity sound so great . a free bike shuttle to downtown and 24 hour pool . i guess that s where the extra income from the pay wifi go too whatever . it be sweet . we love it and love how friendly the staff be . they truly care about you and be always ready to help .
it be awful we go for one night as we be grieve and need to get away first of all the 35 parking fee be ridiculous and your parking attendant sneer at us and say this be la jolla . wow . when i ask the front desk what be the deal with the parking it be just uh yeah sorry . the room 808 be just ok . altjough we be keep awake by some shenanigan go on in the room above us all night we will not be return and regret we book this room in our grief . it do nothing to help .
as other reviewer have note this be a hotel that have it heyday in year past but for the price it be still comfortable and will give you a good night sleep . they offer a breakfast but i do not take advantage of it . the room be clean but look its age . dark wood and curtain make it seem smaller ... more
our stay at the crowne plaza in downtown columbus be fantastic . the front desk staff be kind and helpful . the lobby be sleek and modern . our room be very clean and very well light which be very important when you re study for the bar exam or do work . the bathroom be very clean . the bed be comfortable . i love the city view ... more
we only stay in the hotel one night during a quick trip to columbus recently . the bed be pretty awful make it very difficult to get a good night sleep . the wall be also very thin we continuously hear our neighbor late into the night laugh and talk . at one point we do call the front desk clerk who be ... more
love this hotel . clean great location and friendly staff hotel bar have great food also . we look forward to stay here and have do so for the last 4 year . about 10 minute from columbus crew now know as mapfre stadium and close to the airport .
the room be spotless . there be a relaxation pack complimentary that have relax room spray scent lotion and a cool refresh oil . the soap shampoo and lotion in the bathroom be awesome . check in be easy . overnight valet parking be 24 but parking be expensive downtown . front desk service be quick . very pleased with the room and would definitely stay ... more
i ve be come to convention in columbus for several year this be my first time stay at the crowne and it be by far superior in all way . my experience start before check in . i require special handicap accommodation so i call the hotel directly to be sure that a couple of thing could be prearrange for my room . i ask ... more
we book a wedding block for a group attend a near by celebration . thank goodness the hotel wasn t the wedding venue . from check in to check out the experience be a fiasco . guest didn t get the right room room weren t make up room amenity like shampoo and toilet paper be non existent and take staff over an hour to bring restaurant be ... more
avoid . nothing good to say . the list go on and on . bed not make no toilet paper botch room assignment mix up special event . the parking lot have recently be re pave everything else be break . something be wrong at the top here as evidence by the total disorganization .
location wise it s not bad but this hotel be in need of some renovation . on my visit which be on super bowl weekend only one of the elevator be work . as well on two of the five night the fire alarm go off with no voice command over the intercom . the fire door would close automatically and during the week ... more
so i stay there last week . at first blush it seem pretty similar to all these business hotel chain . i check in about 5 p.m. and they give me a room at the end of a looong walk down the corridor . ok maybe they be full . then i step into the room put my carry on on the dresser take off ... more
not only be this a beautiful property but the whole staff the valet front desk sale food and beverage a v internet department be so helpful . even when i screw something up they help me make it look seamless . the food be excellent and the room work perfectly . sleep room be beautiful . ok the wireless internet speed could of be ... more
the room be small but very comfortable . beautiful area with lot shop
good point have type of room we need 2 bed with pull out sofa newly remodel actually still in process on higher floor nice breakfast selection keep coffee available all day bad point our first assigned room be newly remodel base on decor and bedding but tv wouldn t work with remote and several small piece of food stick to wall by trashcan ... more
hotel be in a good location just west of i 75 on the eastern edge of tampa . in a very heavy retail area with just about any shopping or eatery very close by probably want to drive to them as the hotel be on highway 60 a very wide road with traffic speeding recklessly by in both direction . large well lit ... more
make reservation here base on review so write a real review . stay in room 204 with family of 4 for one night . the good no bug . the bad smell of mold mildew water stain on ceiling stain bathroom towel greasy tv remote dirty tub old tatere carpet overall dirty run down feel . the mattersse where in good shape . one of my ... more
the only thing about this hotel be that the staff be very pleasant . the room be clean but very dingy feeling . bathroom be the same . nothing to impressive about this comfort suit . the price be way overprice for the what i have expect .
choose this hotel because we be share the 2 bedroom 2 bath unit with elderly parent who be to fly in from dfw area . bad weather cancel their flight two day in a row . i call the morning after we check in to explain situation . we want to see if we could get smaller room since it be just the two of us instead of four . stay on hold for sometime wait for manager to get on phone . we be unable to change room because we have book through hotels.com .
my husband son and i stay here for three night last minute . we get to the hotel and the man at the front desk be completely helpful with get us a room . we get to the room and it be so clean and comfortable so we be quite pleased with that . we have a slight view of the dock which ... more
we have an excellent time . the staff be very friendly and helpful . our room and the hotel be very clean . my wife be the type who lift the sheet and mattress pad to check the mattress . the breakfast they give every morning be excellent . the egg and breakfast meat change every morning and there be three kind of cereal coffee ... more
this hotel staff go out of their way to make you comfortable and satisfied with your stay there . we ve come here many time and will continue to because they make us feel welcome . we could have stay nearby at other hotel but we prefer how this hotel be r4un by the management .
we stay at this hotel when ever we get a chance to go to jupiter . there be a lot of fancier hotel in jupiter that cost a lot more money but i would still prefer to stay at this hotel . it be always clean and the staff be always friendly . they be in a fantastic location that be convenient to ... more
great stay
the hotel be average . room be ok . the tub and toilet didn t look as though it have be clean . and my bottom deadbolt wouldn t lock . i go to the front desk twice to ask about it but bith time the desk be empty . television in tbe room be average but no indication of what channel be available . also the two ... more
dirty room . outdated decor . faulty light . bad odor . terrible breakfast . would not recommend or stay here again . disgusting .
we stay in double queen . it be very spacious . the neighborhood be great . feel very comfortable there . it s a nonresidential area by the freeway with restaurant nearby . the freeway be a little loud in the morning and there be some construction go on right outside the hotel . they should be do with the construction there in about a week . it wake us up very early one morning . i tell the manager about it and he be happy to switch our room if we want . we choose to stay in the same room . it be less noisy the next morning without the jackhammer go . the kid even enjoy watch the big excavator go . the even number room may be less noisy . breakfast be decent . scrambled egg sausage potato waffle cereal and donut . the indoor pool be small . it would maybe fit 15 20 people . there be 12 people when we go and be already get crowd . exercise room have an elliptical and recumbent bike only . the staff be very nice . we would stay there again .
very worm out room close to the airport but the smell in the room be unpleasant
great hotel great staff
the manager that night be excellent .
the hotel be very clean and the room be comfortable . off the main drag so there wasn t a lot of traffic noise . the only downfall be that there isn t a continental breakfast . they do have a cupboard where you could purchase food and other item which help out .
standard candlewood hotel . nice and clean . room be nice and comfortable .
great .
i have high hope for this hotel . yes it be a 2 star but other give it a good rating . so i thoght this would be a good place to stay . when we first arrive at around 330 pm the outside of the hotel be well keep so thing look promising . the lobby be clean and smell nice . when i go to check in there be first a delay because the customer in front of me room be not ready . then i find out my room wasn t ready . i be ask to leave my so they could call me when it be . they suggest i go drive around until then with gas price so high . we come back at 5 pm and the room still wasn t ready . we sit in the hot car for another hour before they finally just offer us two single room instead of the queen double we prepaid for state they sell out of those room . we lose a whole day of our vacation simply b c we weren t able to check in until nearly 4 hour after the state time . we do not get to the beach until late so my kid only get tospend about an hour in the water . check out be no better . it be suppose to be at noon but a male housekeeper come into my room at 1130 without knock ready to turn the room over . luckily i wasn t indispose or anything . then the front desk try to charge me a second time for the room . the room be nice however . i would have consider stay thre again if those thing didn t happen .
very nice accesability of bathroom be well think out . as a handicapped person i can always tell when the design of a space be do by a non handicapped person .
i find that candlewood suite offer an excellent stay for the price . it be better much than a lot of more expensive hotel . the hotel be always very clean . it offer the best in creature comfort and each room be very well organize for business travel .
good location and facility . one thing that be a little negative be that the room smell a little . perhaps from people cook have a nice little exercise room and the internet be amazingly fast overall a good experience
target wal mart food establishment be in walk distance . the airport be 10 min away and the shuttle be always available . the property be brand new every inch of the suite room be magnificent with the marble in the bathroom . i wash clothe complimentary wash dry . love it . workout room have all the up to date equipment . front desk hospitality from begin to end of my stay . i m from los angeles orange county california and a very neat and clean person . i will most definitely be back . the drive to virginia beach be very close freeway be right at the location . highest recommendation and respect for this hotel .
this hotel be great the staff be always courteous and kind and go out of there way to help you and your family . on my son birthday they go out and bring him a balloon to say happy birthday
this hampton inn location be easily accessible and well keep . we enjoy our nice comfortable room . the bathroom be clean and the room as well as the hotel have a nice clean smell that reassure cleanliness . we would definitely consider stay at this property again .
very nice hotel . staff be very friendly room be very nice and comfy continental breakfast be good . only thing that i would change would be to have some bench or seat outside . all in all nice motel .
stay at the hampton inn and i must say everything be awesome my room be clean beautifully and actually smell fresh the staff here be really great polite friendly helpful great customer service . all in all a truly positive hotel experience .
we always try and stay at hampton inn . this be our first stay at this one and it be the best yet . clean . no smoking . we have 4 room and every one be really nice with great bed and linen . staff be awesome . .. every single person . will absolutely stay here again .
we really need this weekend get away to visit our daughter and to get some rest . the hotel staff be pleasant and breakfast be the best meal but they have healthy choice . the hotel be clean and quiet . the workout room have enough equipment to get a good workout . the shopping mall be walk distance as well if you enjoy ... more
nice place to stay . very quiet . even with outside temp around 40 s the pool area be in the 70 s and water be relax . and of course those late evening cookie be a nice touch as well . breakfast be always ready at 6 00 and also have those breakfast to go bag if you be in a hurry .
we visit this hotel about 3x a year because my niece be in college nearby . we have stay at the hampton inn since the 80 when i be in college so i love the hampton inn free breakfast . this wknd be probably the worst experience i ve have at the hampton inn in room 204 . the bed be extremely uncomfortable when ... more
staff be very friend . hotel in great shape and well maintain . great experience . the front desk people be always smile and helpful . the maintenance ground guy be awesome very friend open and helpful be a shine example of a great employee . room be very comfortable and clean . breakfast be tasty and help out a lot to lower out travel expense . the ... more
we stay at the springhill suite norfolk old dominion university for our daughter s graduation . upon check in we be tell that even though we have prepay our room or so we think that old dominion springhill suit didn t actually charge us . we be ok with that . we check in shaneel at the front desk be amazing . an asset to the ... more
it be a very quiet comfortable and safe hotel . the hotel have a small inside pool and a very good hot tube . my family like it .
a great experience at this hotel . i will stay there again .
it s for our weekend get away and it be a pleasant stay at homewood suite . will go back there .
our party of 4 adult and 1 child have plenty of space to spread out and be comfortable in the spacious 2 bedroom suite . friendly courteous staff . excellent amenity include executive putt putt course tv club room 24 hr convenience shop and business center . good breakfast and complimentary internet be a plus . an all around pleasant hotel stay .
my family love this hotel . good continental breakfast and free dinner on weekday . kid enjoy the indoor pool . room be large clean and have central air instead of those loud a c unit . the only negative for me be that the bed be too hard .
all the kid enjoy the nice size pool comfy bed and great breakfast . we have a blast and there be more than enough room to get our just dance 4 groove on can t wait til next year
feel like home . would definitely stay here again . great free breakfast very comfortable suite .
not only myself but my family love this hotel and we will return again . i would recommend this hotel to anyone who want good service as well as a nice clean hotel stay the room be excellent and very comfortable . the breakfast buffet be awesome and i love the pool jaccuzi and computer room . onsite laundry be recommend as well as the room service . great location as there be many restaurant nearby . if i could change anything it would be the structure of the hotel room to include more privacy for a family of four ... door or divider . best hotel i ve stay at in a very long time
il s agissait de notre troisieme experience a cet hotel et nous avon encore une fois ete tres bien servis et surtout tre bien recus . si nous retournon en virginie dans les prochaines annee nous ne chercherons pas ailleur .
the staff and hotel be great . i would stay here again .
excelent hotel very clean great for family couple or single person will difenitely stay there agian hotel be worth every dollar spend on
i book this travel for 2 of our employee for a 2 day business trip . upon arrival they discover one of the room have no bathroom light . when they contact the desk they be ask what time they need to take a shower because maintenance be go . the staff seem to not want to change his room or repair the light . after this employee get upset they then move his room . this be a 10 p.m. at night . the other room a c be set to the lowest 60 and never get below 74 . so the employee who be work in very hot condition all day couldn t even cool off at night . then there be the dinner . the employee find that dinner be two bowl of meat ball from 5 7 p.m. . nothing be replenish or take care of . the sign in the hotel be wrong . sign say vend but there be no vending that could be find . i be very embarrassed to have be the one to have book this location for these two employee . i take pride in make sure all our employee have the nicest most reasonable stay possible when they have to travel for work . now i be ashamed of this trip .
need a little more turkey item on the menu everyone doesn t always eat pork .
efficient front desk staff . clean room . nice floorplan . convenient to interstate and surround community . lot of restaurant and store in the vicinity .
neighborhood be quite dicey and not close to anything . the front desk clerk act like i be bother him when i check in and do not invite us to the complimentary afternoon happy hour or explain breakfast availablilty . the cleaning staff do a very good job when they bother to show up . the room be beautiful and include full size fridge dishwasher microwave and all the utensil and dishware that we could have need . washer and dryer for guest use on 1st floor . dog friendly
ac die in the house ... use my hilton honor reward to get a great rate . the general manager personally call to make sure our stay be go well . fantastic service from all .
the staff be very friendly and helpful respond quickly to request . the facility be comfortable and clean and we appreciate the little snack on arrival . breakfast be tasty with good option .
nous avon passe une tres belle semaine a cette hotel tre propre personnel courtois belle chambre il manque rien 20 min . de la plage les dejeuner etait correcte .
our experience at the homewood suite be very good . the hotel be very clean . the room we have be very spacious it accommodate 4 adult 2 child and a puppy . we be very very happy in our choice to go with the homewood suite .. our next trip to virginia we will stay at the homewood suite .
the room be what you pay for . it reek of smoke and the internet be weak and intermittent . the staff be friendly and they have a continental breakfast . close to the opry mill mall and lot of food option .
well i m stay in much better motel and some worse though i make do with this one . first off they put me in a room that have not be service since the last guest . walk in and like wow be someone in here obviously they be long go but not a good feeling . call the front desk and they put me in another room . my new room seem clean though motel in general be a little run down . motel itself be actually 3 separate building and i be in the south one . area be fine and i feel safe walk around outside at night . couple of real good honky tonk right next door recommend nashville palace though down side if you want peace and quiet you win t get it until they close up at around 2 a.m. . the outside pool be across the parking lot right up beside a bar and grill scoreboard another fine honky tonk though not like i be go to partake in outside pool in january anyway though be strange where the pool be locate . by far the best about this motel be the location . everything you need be within walk distance . all in all it be okay though not sure i would take family to stay there though good for just me and would stay there again . all depend on your level of expectation if they be low to average you should be fine if high go somewhere else . get what you pay for .
the staff be top notch . from the desk manager to the cleaning lady everyone be friendly and eager to help . great attitude . the wifi be slow and eventually just turn back to 4 g . the breakfast be a get there early thing but it be free . the room be not new but everything be clean . and you have a good choice of walk to live music from the hotel .
terrible staff be hateful air condition didn t work and the room be not clean
breakfast be pitiful . tv and reception poor
room be a little scary . someone or something have be lock in the bathroom it be all scratch up and grimy . ewww .
the ramada be a great place to stay away from home . i travel for work and need a clean and affordable place to sleep . i bring my wife when we come to naple because of the clean and quiet setting .. i will always stay here when i come for work or relaxation . karl the chairman 561 596 5165
hotel be probably build in the 50 s. need serious update . not really clean but not too terribly filthy . landscaping be nice in the garden area and the pool be fairly nice but show its age . the plus side be that you be literally step away from the beach . we only stay one night because we didn t sleep very well in ... more
we have stay at the tarpon inn dozen of time over the year with the latest being valentine weekend . it be a historical site for sure . the room be all decorate differently with vintage photo from the area . the small swimming pool be great to dive into after a day on the beach or fishing . it be also very close ... more
we book this hotel because we want to see dunedin . we ve stay just up the road at the safety harbor spa wonderful so i guess we be spoil . we be tell we would have a room with a water view it be outside the front door our balcony overlook the parking lot with the yacht on the other side . the ... more
i enjoy my stay at this hotel . it be in an excellent location waterfront right near the downtown dunedin action . i would recommend stay here . the hotel have a bar and restaurant waterfront view great parking great view
do not stay here this be the worst i have a horrible experience . the hotel be smell like fish . their be a swamp locate outside the door that you enter your room . management do not call you back when you have problem . i have to call the corporate office in order to get a call back from them.the tub get ... more
well this be a surprise find wonderful location marina view to our front and harbour view to our back the restaurant and bar be first class good service and helpful staff . the room be a good size and clean . the small town be quaint with enough shop and restaurant to keep most people happy . would recommend this area if you ... more
hi we come across what we would say be 1 of the best hotel by chance as we have book into the don cesar for 2 night on arrive we be thoroughly disgust by a few thing so as it be late and the day before new year s eve we have to find somewhere to stay thankfully we be able ... more
heating and ac be big on my list of thing that need to work just right . the system they have here be perfect . the have a heat and cool switch and with auto the fan do not stay on your entire visit . wish more hotel have this type system . we leave the same type hotel in lakeland and everything else ... more
we have a great experience on this hotel good premise really clean but what really impress me the most be the staff we be greet by brianda and carlos and they be absolutely amazing they be .extra helpful to us . this hotel be a little bit far from miramar outlet but it be by far the nicest place we could ... more
i enjoy it
we have an amazing time . the hotel be a perfect place for us . and every staff person we come in contact with be outstanding we plan on go back .
great space and the bed be heavenly . the only critique i have be the fact that i have to pay 15 for wifi and there be no room service both of which surprise me about a hotel at this price point .
great central location
great for short business trip .
wonderful stay really enjoy it .
the hotel laguna have location on the beach and in downtown laguna . that s about all it have the facility be very tired and in need of a complete renovation . it do not provide the level of service that i expect of a hotel that charge what it do . among the many annoying feature be paper thin wall that leave ... more
this place be great it have a great breakfeast clean room and free wifi . would def stay here again . thank
after goliath hit rural southwest oklahoma our family be among the several thousand leave with no electricity and no water . to cope with the situation i begin contact hotel motel in the lawton fort sill area on december 29th . my call to comfort suit 580 248 2200 be answer by chris and this be the beginning of a pleasant experience in spite of ... more
my friend and i decide to try out this little but beautiful hotel on pine creek this year for our annual overnight bike ride . we be not disappointed . it be all we expect and more . room be perfect for sleep after a good bike ride . the loft give a beautiful view of the deck and creek . the hotel seem to ... more
the hampton inn in mcalester be a cut above the rest . the manager and staff do an incredible job provide outstanding service . the suite be clean and comfortable with plenty of amenity . breakfast be always great in the morning awesome experience
amazing hotel great location starbuck and lot of restaurant be right down the road . the hotel have be newly renovate so everything be nice and new . the room be spacious and comfortable . the only thing i didn t like be that housekeeping come by at 9 a.m. . a little too early in my opinion . but overall i give this place 5 star
calm environment great breakfast helpful staff .
we be on a family trip and have an unexpected overnight . pull up walk in be treat well and check in be a breeze . the pool facility be nice the room be clean and nearly brand new . the breakfast be everything you need . the parking lot feel safe and have 0 complaint or concern about this property .
room smell musty . no elevator and very second rate breakfast . definitely not worth the price .
this hotel be newly renovate which make me expect something better . the room smell awful and there be dead cricket on our bathroom floor . the decor have in the room have in fact be update . the bathroom have old tile old tub old toilet with a new vanity top and mirror . everything else be obviously old . our black out curtain be hold together with paper clip we could hear everything go on in the room next to us the hallway and upstairs when any door would shut our room would loudly vibrate . our check in clerk be very nice and she try to help us with anything we need ... also no elevator and my parent who be elder be place upstairs make it hard to get them and their luggage to their room this simply be an emergency place to sleep but i clearly overpay because it be no better than motel 6 and it be double the price
we only stay for one night but i think would have be very happy have we need a longer stay . the staff be very courteous and helpful . the lobby area and our room be very clean . while we didn t use the kitchen area because our stay be short and we be out of town for most of the day everything ... more
staff accommodate our room request upon arrival . room be extremely clean organize . kitchenette be a nice touch . nice pool for the kid no spa . breakfast food selection be average limited space . great place to stay at a great value
be sure to try the landmark . best breakfast we ve find in the area . great food and great service we make sure to stop here we go to camp .
absolutely no negative . large room comfortable bed . quiet . great wifi . quiet a c. the breakfast be much better than the typical free breakfast . within walk distance to two good restaurant . the rail road museum in altoona be close and interesting .
in town for a sale training . company make a reservation at the best western plus . have a wonderful stay with great staff clean room and good breakfast . the mattress be comfortable and have a good sleep especially need since be in training all day
we have a phenomenal experience here . the current event planner step in only a couple of month until our daughter s wedding and really take great care to make this a perfect day for all concern . the food be exceptionally good the coordination flawless and the quality ... read more of the staff superb .
we stay here when go to pittsburgh for an event at duquesne university . we love this hotel because of its proximity to duquesne and downtown . the room be clean large and have wonderful view . the staff be always welcoming and friendly . we will continue to stay here whenever we visit pittsburgh
would be happy to give 6 star if i could . outstanding in every way . service be the stand out . everyone be exceptional . the room be very nice and the bed be the coziest ever . food be great wish the door that connect the adjoining room be better . better lock and a heavier door would be appreciate . otherwise all be really ... more
i think the best thing this hotel have go for it be that it be close to the hockey arena . it be my first time to pittsburgh and it seem like a cool city and be look forward to the view but i get a room on the wrong side . there be fake orchid in the room . i expect more .... more
drop by pittsburgh overnight on the way to dc . marriott staff bend over backwards to accommodate us by upgrade our room to two double bed . bell staff go above and beyond to guide us to pnc park to take in a pirate game . excellent stay
hotel be clean . our room be a standard with king bed . room be spacious with plenty of amenity . in room coffee with to go cup and lid be great for a sunday morning after be out late saturday . bed be very comfortable . they have magazine in room which i love i sit on the comfy in room chair with ottoman ... more
as a marriott elite member i have stay in a few property and this one rate at the top from the staff to the amenity i highly recommend this hotel . tony the bartender be great take care of us well .
this hotel in the town center have a nice looking bar with uninterested lady bartender . it be ok for a beer but not expert real hospitality . this can be do better . marriott quality have a higher standard . this bar do not level the compagnie standard .
it s a great hotel to stay good customer service and a great location . i will recommend this hotel to everyone . food be also great . though i like only indian food i really enjoy curry rice and breakfast .
stay here for the steeler vs colt game in december . the hotel staff be extremely friendly knowledgeable and courteous . prior to book i be worried about the location and how easy it would be to get to the stadium but take the t be extremely easy safe and clean . we be able to get back from the game in only ... more
stay here to attend the penquin shark game . it be right across the street from consol energy center . the valet be very informative about area restaurant and when to go to avoid hockey game crowd . the bellman be also helpful and give us a coupon for a free appetizer from a bar across from center . he be very well dress we ... more
room be a little bit spendy at close to 200 night but it s a nice big room with a desk and a couch . look like a junior suite but it doesn t have the 2nd tv in front of the couch . if there s a negative it s that you can hear some traffic noise outside the window . get a higher floor to mitigate .... more
other than be tell on hotels.com that breakfast be include in our cost but it wasn t the stay be wonderful . we will be back . for be so close to the airport no plane noise
i have a terrible experience with this hotel . i do not have towel rack or telephone in my room . also there be an issue with the cleanliness of the room .
even though its non smoking room first room have an odor . they change room .. odor be not as bad . bed be not comfortable .
bad experience . most of the employee live at the hotel . lady bartender be great but apparently the system in the restaurant go down all weekend so no food and very inconvenient to leave hotel to get food as the hotel be tuck way off in an industrial park . room stank like foot bathroom have stain on the wall light fixture nearly fall off the wall carpet be very stain . overall horrible hotel
i could not get connect to wi fi . they have to change my room because there be not any hot water . there be not any food available for lunch . the night time manager be very rude . the day time manager be very nice and helpful and so be the breakfast waitress . i be not very happy with my stay .
stay in pittsburgh be great . the location be very close to all the place we want to go . room be perfect . pool be a little small . breakfast be ok i do not think the staff could keep up with the rush in the morning .
need to watch our budget be what lead us to 4 flag inn . we do not expect a 4 star hotel just want an average one for our 6 night stay . we have use 4 flag twice and would again . thing be not perfect we do not expect them to be at such a low price but our room be neat ... more
from the front desk to the maintenance folk these folk be all about customer service . i identify myself as a night worker when i check in . work 13 14 hour per night the last thing i want to do be come to a dirty room or be awaken by the housekeeping a inevitable knock on the door . the staff make sure ... more
this be a great place to stay . i have be go there for 7 year and will not stay anywhere else . the staff treat you just like family when you show up . deny always have a smile on her face no mater how late my arrival . sylvia and her team have be take great care of not only me but ... more
we stay here to attend kentucky derby and spend little time in the hotel . the pool be close for repair . friendly staff and conveniently locate next to highway . it seem everybody in town smoke so lot of people hang around entrance puff away .
we have absolutely no complaint about our stay at home 2 the staff go out of their way to assure we be happy during our stay . the suite be roomy clean and well decorate with the best bed we have ever sleep on in a hotel
our normal hotel be book and our only choice be america best value inn . first impression be shocking . it start with a walk all the way around the hotel to the back by the bowling alley . walk in by the pool and kid run around crazy . our room be close to the pool and we could hear kid run the ... more
cold shower comfy bed .
there be stink bug on the curtain the front desk be somewhat quick to come remove one or two . but by the end of the night i have remove three myself . the complimentary breakfast be typical although i would have enjoy some topping for the oatmeal . no one bother to clear the entrance exit driveway which be a steep hill after 6 inch of snow . there be no other hotel close enough to move to as i be there for business .
i be not sure who write the review on this place nor when they be write . evidently they have not be there recently . the outside look very good but beware the man at the register be unhappy and it show . the room he assign us have not be clean bed unmade and have a horrendous odor . the swimming pool be ... more
my husband and i stay at this hampton inn at easton md and we be so impressed with the excellent customer service we receive . it be a special occasion for us and the staff and the general manager jeff schneider make our stay there very special . our room be very clean and comfortable and each morning the breakfast presentation be ... more
nice little motel close to jean bonnet and 1 2 the price of other hotel in the area . nice heater in the winter and a c in the summer . ice cream shop next door and a nice couple who run the place . about to book another night soon .
have a weekend visit at a church in the area and have a very nice stay at this motel . the accommodation be clean and no problem to report . a little older property but overall a very nice place to stay . thank
we be regular the shawnee motel until our last visit on 8 9 15 when thelma triplett call and say she be appal that we have the room air conditioner on 60 and i say we be hot and she respond she be hot too and for us leave it on at 60 degree she be cancel our reservation for bedford day ... more
i agree with everybody that rate this hotel low . it be pretty bad my wife do not feel safe and the room have a musty smell . staff be ok but location and people around be scary . we eat our dinner and promptly leave . do not even bother try to get our money back .
good location be clean seem safer no people hang around the parking lot anymore . be close to downtown . although the motel6 liess than a mile away be cheaper not sure why but overall the motel be good place to stay .
right on the highway to laredo but room set back from road.room very overprice for what you get and not to clean . there be evidence of cockroach in the room and bed linen have see better day very old and grey . there be debris from some room lie outside the cabin which could be a trip hazard although the car park yard ... more
the manager use foul language refer to poorly train staff . staff do not know how to issue credit after they fail to honor the rate quote . the room be poorly clean with light bulb burn out and never replace . staff consist of young child that can not make decision nor be mature enough to deal with challenge .
this hotel be wonderful . i stay with friend and we have a great night rest which we all really need . it be the most spacious and beautiful hotel room that i think i have ever have . it be clean actually the room smell wonderful as do the towel the bathroom be excellent . so many hotel room have poor lighting nowadays ... more
i book 28 room at the palo duro canyon inn and suites . i book with the manager and he be very helpful . the hotel be pretty from the outside and the inside be very nice . it be a good choice . they do serve a complimentary breakfast . my group mostly have coffee because we have breakfast book elsewhere . it be a ... more
this be a nice hotel locate on the direct road to palo duro canyon . it be a pet friendly hotel . it be a bit dated and the decor be pretty bland but the room be clean . there be restaurant next door that have great take out food . there be a cover patio behind the hotel and it be a beautiful ... more
the hotel be very clean and be very comfortable . it seem to have be keep up real well . i would ve give this place a higher rating but i feel disrespect by a bald man that serve the breakfast . i go into get breakfast and he be just stand there stare at me . he keep offer me more food and follow ... more
when i arrive we ask for extra pillow and be tell they didn t have any because guest have steal them . the bed be comfortable . bathroom large . room be generally clean although the fan hadn t be clean and dust dirt be hang off them . towel be so thin and old as to have my wife suggest that next time we bring our ... more
although this hotel be somewhat far from our travel route us 40 it be nevertheless an excellent hotel worth reserving . the parking lot be very well light which be important to cross country traveler with a car pack for travel .
we stay here due to close proximity to where we be go . online it appear to be the best of the 3 in this small town . we didn t expect a 4 or 5 star ... but we do expect a clean place to catch some sleep . fairly run down and i can understand that in a small town but there s no ... more
may have stay in a bw a handful of time over the year . it be just never a chain that i ever feel any loyalty to . we be head to galveston for a cruise and stop in lufkin the night before on the way down . i have to say be a nicer room than i have receive at much higher ... more
we be expect a nice lodge and so it seem for the picture . however each unit be rent out as two room . we have the upper room with small kitchen for 189 per night . the place be like travelodge or super8 . clean but very basic and small . the bathroom be smallest we ve ever have . the cupboard door be metal and ... more
my stay be wonderful other than i be double charge for my room so we have to fix that 1 day in but it all get straighten out and i would recommend this hotel to anyone travel .. the management be extremely nice and will help with anything u need ...
i find bedbug on my arm and my bed immediately i take shower and pack my stuff . it be around 1 00 am . i drive my car to my client s parking lot and sleep inside of my car until next morning .
we visit with family and the hotel be extremely accomodate
hotel be easy to locate and very clean . bed be not comfortable .
the staff be helpful even to repair a flashing light on fire alarm . the room be clean and spacious . love the door between bedroom and sitting room . there be restaurant in walk distance which mean you don t have to drive to get a meal . breakfast be nice i recommend this especially the price .
we enjoy our stay at the hotel on new road . it be convenient to many place we want to go . room be clean quiet and the bed very comfortable . great breakfast and the staff be very hospitable .
nice hotel very friendly staff . breakfast be pretty much standard . the only thing i would recommend be a bench in the front of the hotel . it have an indoor pool but we didn t take advantage of that . fly j truck stop be right across the street it can get noisy on the west side at time .
love the service from the front desk . we request a room away from as many other guest as possible so as to create as little problem for them as possible . we be a large family 2 adult and 4 kid under 10 yrs old and bryan be great . he settle us in a room on the ground floor as ... more
very accommodating . the room be clean and the staff be very pleasant . the very be definitely one of the best . make me and my family feel welcome the second we get there . beautiful facility and very well keep
i arrive this week for the whole week and i must say this place be a lot better that the hilton garden inn down the street . the staff be very friendly and the breakfast be an ice change from the other hotel i have visit . overall i really enjoy my stay here and before i forget the bed mattress be ... more
it be an exemplary hotel and it be very clean and well keep . housekeeping be very friendly . the breakfast be include and taste amazing.there be also a van that can drive you up to 5 mile from the hotel . the only hotel i will stay at when we come to laredo tx
this be my third stay at this location . overall its just a great place to stay . the staff be very friendly professional and always eager to assist you . despite be near the expressway the room be extremely quiet . very comfortable bed with good choice of pillow . plenty of hot water . internet speed in the room very good via wi fi . tv s ... more
we have a great time hotel staff be pleasant and helpful but not intrusive room be great . bed be out of this world comfortable . i will definitely be go back
comfortable beautiful historic hotel in the heart of this part of the city . walkable to great restaurant and shop . great place to stay and will stay again
awesome i will come back
we love this hotel . the service be excellent staff be welcoming and friendly room spacious and nicely decorate . the restaurant be wonderful we ve enjoy breakfast lunch and dinner numerous time and have always be pleased . the location be perfect for explore the city or neighboring island .
first rate staff and facility . we be end a long and somewhat stressful trip and this be a welcome place to unwind and recover . the staff truly could not do enough to make us comfortable . what a pleasure to be in a place where they use metal key no lockout with a magnetic key after 2 or 3 day as happen in other place . coffee in the lobby a newspaper at our door in the morning and a wonderful whirlpool and sauna to unwind . also a fine fitness room .
have a wonderful stay here . my fiancee and i come for a weekend getaway . the staff be really helpful the hotel be immaculate the spa be a blast and in the best part of portland . we will definitely be back .
very poor pillow and bedding . hard to get a good night sleep .
the place be run down and old the only thing it have go for it be the balcony off the room but even that isn t anything special . they say the bathroom be update certainly not by my standard i be extremely disappointed and wish we could leave now i would consider this place dumpy the bar area smell and be ... more
the room the bed the food and the help at this hotel be nothing short of perfect without include a lot of extra my husband and i don t need . the location be close to everything and the building be historical and very well keep . could not ask for a more homey place to stay .
i d never be to portland for any extended time before and my boyfriend insist the regency hotel be in the best location and i d love it . we take an overnight trip for my birthday and even though i be try to sway him to another more trendy hotel this one be everything he promise and i m glad we didn t go ... more
close to shopping and restaurant . very friendly staff
the service be amazing from the check in to check out and everything in between we be pamper and give the best service possible . when you check in you have the option to order tea coffee and newspaper delivery to your room each morning . this option arrive early each morning and be an amazing service from this hotel . room service be delicious and the ... more
i have be go to portland for year and i have never even see this hotel which have be there for many more year . it be tuck away just a block from busy exchange st and a few block from the waterfront . we pull into a cobblestone pave circular courtyard and be immediately meet by a valet ready to park ... more
great place to stay for a few day while visit maine .
the room be fine the staff friendly the location great but don t have then park your car . we spend one night have the car park . when our black one month old audi a8 be bring around it have at least thirty bird stain in it that have be in direct sun . the hotel be nice enough to spray it off ... more
my husband and teenage daughter stay here for a quick trip to atlanta recently . we be hope that we would have be wow but it be just ok . customer service be above average but you would expect that at a luxury hotel . we book a double room since there be 3 of us . this be a mistake as the double ... more
the hotel be lovely the staff be very friendly and the room be clean . the bed be very comfortable . the room contain all the a need amenity . while room service be pricey the food be very good . it be also close to marta restaurant and a park .
my room 701 be by the elevator but be very quiet . house keeping be exceptional and all the staff be extremely helpful . i have 3 meal in the restaurant and all entree come out fast and with beautiful presentation .
room be a bit small but staff excellence and great location equal an awesome stay .
my family be return back to iowa from spend a weekend in door county wi . we enjoy our overnight stay at the appleton fairfield . the front desk staff be more than accommodate by check the temperature of the pool upon my wife request . the room 118 be clean and smell fresh great job by clean staff . the breakfast be warm ... more
only thing nice about the property be the friendly staff room layout and decent location . the property have nothing else to offer
beautiful room ocean view fridge in room dvd player balcony
i be quite pleased with the level of service with this resort upon arrival we walk into the lobby and it be very warm and inviting . the overall look of the resort be for pleasant and inviting . i could only imagine what it s like in the summer but for a quiet winter retreat it s a fantastic place to get a way for a ... more
the room be clean but the refrigerator be very loud so loud that it wake us up . when i contact the staff they come to the room but since i have out so leave a note to get contact them . my expectation be they would take care of this issue while i be out of the room . since this do not happen at 1 30 be i just unplug the refrigerator so we could all sleep .
this review be for the week of nov 9 2015 and nov 16 2015 . i stay at this hotel to be close to a family member that be hospitalize at stanford medical center . this hotel be manage very well and meet my expectation . excellent be the staff comfort of the room actually a very nice large tv and overall cleanliness ... more
i have great customer service at this hotel . i mistakenly click the book button twice and accidentally reserve two room . when i explain the situation to the manager he allow me to only pay for one room even though they be book up and as i arrive late at night they could not sell the other room they have wait ... more
first off the bus to park be awful we wait 2 different morning over 45 min for a bus and even miss a breakfast character breakfast we stay near the carriage house the main lobby which be very convenient but with limit on beverage for free cup it just wasn t worth it to use . no juice or milk we have child ... more
spend a week visit disney park and stay here due to a friend gift us their disney vacation club point . this resort despite have construction at the pool closest to our villa be top notch . the staff member be courteous and helpful . the two bedroom suite with full kitchen and amenity be excellent clean and well maintain . our villa in the ... more
i have travel to walt disney world a number of time and will continue to travel there base on how outstanding every aspect of the resort be . when we arrive at saratoga spring we be welcome by hotel staff and a wonderful display of holiday decoration . it be very beautiful and put a huge smile on everyone s face now on ... more
we be dvc member for the past 3 year and have have great experience before this trip in late november . we have almost 500 take from our room during our one cleaning experience . we be not aware that the room be be clean on day 3 of our 9 day stay . we have our money out in plain view in ... more
we stay a week while visit disney . we have a one bedroom in the grandstand area . the room size be fine . king bed be comfortable . the pillow be not as comfortable . there be a deck and a full kitchen . the closet include various item and leave little room for clothe . the washer and dryer be extremely loud . the livingroom be ... more
the hotel be lovely look from the outside the ground be beautiful but the room be date dark we have a jr . suite with hope of have a place we could relax in . the suite be not invite . the bus transportation to the park be not always as describe leave every 20 min three of the day be good ... more
just return from a short break to another outstanding disney resort . saratoga springs be a huge resort so be warn . i use the disney transport throughout my stay to and from the airport and around the park and other hotel resort probably the longest wait be around 15 minute the shortest 1 minute . i be in a 1 bedroom apartment ... more
recently stay for 2 week in the paddock area of saratoga spring . great location .. just a short walk to the paddock pool and padfock grill ... also 2 min from either carousel or paddock bus stop . short and very pleasant 5 min walk to the main spring pool and artist pallete restaurant and main lobby . pool be amazing .. never over crowd . room .. studio .. be very ... more
originally we be at disney s port orleans french quarter . our room have a break bed and we be not satisfied with it . the hotel manager then move us to this resort . everything about it be great from the time we arrive . the front desk rep be extremely helpful even the manager who apologize over and over for the broken bed ... more
we rent a two bedroom suite as florida resident . this be a very clean and well lay out for our family trip . the bedroom be split to reach side of the common area one be a king with hot tub and big bathroom . the other side have two queen bed with a second bath and we order a crib while ... more
this be one of the best employee and breakfast experience you be go to get in the lacey area . i have start to choose this over more opulent place if i be allow to choose it for work . the staff be top notch friendly and the breakfast be one of the best i ve experience .
we have a wonderful week at the best western in lacey . each day they would have different breakfast food which be great . the room be very comfortable the only issue be the size of the pillow . i think they be too small for a king size room . i ask about them but that be all they have . we would still ... more
we have spend a number of night at this motel . it be always very clean breakfast above average friendly staff . when we check out we mention how heavy the bed cover be . we be tell we should have request a lighter cover as we be not the only one to talk about this one problem . great for cold weather . not ... more
when travel to see family we ve take to stop near our destination the night before to give the kid the opportunity to swim and unwind from the long trip instead of show up cranky and tired from drive . it have really work out for us . our normal hotel have a problem with their pool so we choose to stay at ... more
we stay here every time we come to olympia . great service wonderful staff very clean room best breakfast we have find in our travel . lot of store around within walk distance . a ten minute drive to old town .
this be a friendly courteous clean comfortable hotel with a terrific breakfast . a 5 star family hotel that be also in a convenient location . we appreciate be able to open a window for fresh air . the king room be really comfortable and convenient with sit area . wifi work smoothly . look forward to return .
we love stay at this hotel . it s close to a casino food and have a great pool spa for the kid . we choose to have weekend fun night here it s close to outdoor activity that we enjoy and the town of lacy be super cute .
everyone on staff be great and continue to be helpful and just excellent customer service breakfast bat crew also great
my boyfriend and i be celebrate our 5 year anniversary this past weekend . the hotel lobby be beautiful clean and have a very welcoming vibe . the staff be extremely pleasant our room be clean super cute and cozy . we have an adjoining room so we could hear the guest next door from time to time but it be not a bother what so ever . overall our local get away be a much need break from real life and this hotel provide the perfect space to relax feel comfortable and enjoy the weekend .
we will return . it be just wonderful . customer service be very much on point .
everything be wonderful until i see that there be a blood line on the side of the tub ... i tell the front desk about it ... also we have to move to another room because of toilet problem but i fount a blood line at the other room .. i be contact about it or do anyone higher the the front desk person apologize to me and my family for anything .. nor do i receive any type of discount .. i m get ready to stay there again ... i love it other than that problem that we have ... thank
at check in the staff be most friendly and helpful . there only one night my suite be clean and comfortable . bed be very good wimpy pillow though . only negative be the noise of another s air conditioning unit run for hour . that type of noise should not be hear at all overall i would recommend springhill suite
i take my significant other to springhill suite for a weekend of relaxation for his birthday and i be very disappointed . when we decide to lay down there be a blood stain on 2 different sheet . we also do not use the shower because it be a grey film cover the bottom of the bathtub . i also think there be a laundry room next to us due to all of the noise and bang early in the morning . overall the cleanliness of the room be a problem but the front desk staff be very friendly oh and i could ve do without the breakfast
staff be friendly bed be comfortable room be clean and have pretty decent complimentary breakfast . the only complaint be the cloudy and dirty indoor pool my kid and i be plan to do a morning swim but we re disappointed with the pool condition
yes it be convenient and our expectation of a marriott property that be well meet . our room be spacious and very adequate and in fact exceed our expectation . henry jones check us in with cordial and competent ease . the evening be restful and uneventful the breakfast be exceptional . it be a 4 star hotel .
i forget the name for the lady serve put out breakfast but she provide excellent customer service and that s hard to find now in day .
my stay with springhill suite be amazing beautiful suite very clean the staff be friendly and the breakfast be great .
the hotel staff be wonderful . the room be comfortable and spacious . good value .
nice hotel but not enough people work there which make check in a draw out experience .
front desk weren t well inform about payment i usually pay when i check out but they want the cash up front before i be even finish check in .
this be the nicest springhill suit i ve stay at . beautiful lobby and room the staff be all very friendly and helpful and the price be awesome for summertime . the airport shuttle be quick and efficient . the hotel be very clean . i d definitely recommend you stay here .
overall the hotel area and staff be nice . but my first stay at this hotel be in december only to find that we have tiny ant all over our room include our suitcase the next morning ... yuck the hotel be very apologetic and offer me a free stay next time we be in the area . i take them up on the offer and would have think the room they put me in would have be check first but yep you guess it ... ant again in february and on a completely different floor i think it s time they call an exterminator they move me to a different room but offer nothing else . win t go back .
pleasant and accommodate . it be the perfect rest stop while on business .
other than the staff this be the worst hotel experience i and my travel companion have ever have . per the hotel manager there be an ant infestation they have resolve they have not . both my sister and i receive several bug bite . hoterl staff be nonesistent . we come back after be out and the one trash can be empie but sittte in the living area the toilet paper have not be stock and towel be leave on top of our luggage as oppose to hung in the appropriate area the toilet overflow the first time we use it . and finally and most disgusting be that a use condom be ound in one of the nightstand ewww . now on to the facility . the levator be out of order one night unruly and unsupervised child be leave to run roughshod over the pool area . we be subject to splash in our face yell and our belonging be knock over staff do not come to check even though everal adult complain . we spend a total of a half hour of our 3 day stay in the whirlppl finally give up to sit on the sun deck in order to have some peace and quiet . only issue with staff be when my sister go to the fornt desk to ask for a hand towel so that she could wipe the sweat of her face august in virgina be hot as hade and the desk personnel tell her that they do not have any and give her a bat mat instead . to reiterate the entire experience beyond the pleasant staff be horrific ... do not stay here
in town overnight to attend a funeral . nice hotel . staff be very friendly .
nice accommodation friendly staff
we have stay there several time . very comfortable and relax environment .
the hotel itself wasn t bad . the location work for my purpose and the lobby be clean staff friendly etc . my room be a bit on the gross side . the couch have stain on it the rug by the bathroom look like someone miss and in the morning the toilet back up confirm my impression of the rug stain . i couldn t wait to get to the next stop so i could feel clean again
this appear to be a brand new hotel . it be extremely clean bright and modern . they have a guest laundry on the 3rd floor that you can do yourelf . it cost 1.50 to wash and also to dry . the only complaint i have about that be there be no change machine in the laundry room so i have to make a trip downstairs for that . they have a computer off the lobby where you can easily get on the internet for free . that be great to check email print out map etc . the breakfast there be include but end at 9 a.m. which for vacation family seem very early . the breakfast be ok but the same every day . the lobby be great you actually eat breakfast in the lobby area . the workout room be very nice . it be large and actually have free weight not just the usual treadmill . my son and i swam in the indoor pool one night and be the only one in it . when you first walk in the pool area it feel like a sauna but be very nice to feel when you get out soak wet . the location be right off 264 and it take us only about 10 minute to get downtown and the same to get to the beach . there be really no restaurant real close by except for ruby tuesday which be basically in the parking lot . you can walk there . the room be huge plenty of room for a family to spread out . the furnishing be very pretty artwork lamp curtain . they have music play in the hallway near the elevator which be very large as well . overall this place be great .
ausgezeichnetes hotel . sehr freundliche personal . wurde jederzeit wieder hier ubernachten .
my brother be in the hospital and i need to be there for him . do not want anything problem until this hotel be not very satisfying . the first night the hotel only take the trash out in my room . so i make a comment to the front desk be this unusually just to take the trash out . so she make a note to the cleaning dept . the next night my room be not clean at all so you can imagine how upset i be . one night not clean but two night . when i complaint again the front desk just tell me it s not there problem . it s the cleaning employee so this upset me even more . they do give me some clean towel for that night so i can shower . also i feel the breakfast area be not keep up with the cleaning . very messy . i would not recommend to stay here . but i do have a king size bed and it be very comfortable .
my husband and i stay at this hotel overnight on our way back from a trip to nc from pa . we arrive after the normal check in time but we have to wait a few minute for our room to be ready . after we settle in for the evening one of the neighboring room occupant be have an argument . they proceed to slam their door and yell in the hallway on and off for 30 minute . they be loud enough to wake my husband over the television . when we leave our room the next morning the hallway reek of marijuana and cheap air freshener . we be get an early start on our traveling and even though the hotel offer a continental breakfast nothing be available not even coffee before 7 00 am .
overall our stay be decent . however i would ve rate it higher if the indoor pool be clean and usable . it be green and smell unkept which be disappoint with 2 child . in addition the bathroom could ve be cleaner . the toilet bowl be clean and the shower curtain be moldy . on a positive note the staff be extremely friendly and the complimentary breakfast be quite yummy
we stay three night at the springhill suit nov 19 22 . i be greet by very courteous staff at check in a kind gentleman start the lobby fire for us and the facility be clean and most comfortable . the most impressive person there be decalvin wilson . he serve each morning at the delicious and varied deluxe continental breakfast and even come and clear away our dish in the expansive dining area . this young man go out of his way to care for the customer i feel i be at the ritz carlton or at least what it would be like if i could afford it . give decalvin a raise and promotion . no he do not solicit such praise i be just impress and write his name down . i thoroughly enjoy my stay here .
friendly staff clean comfortable room ... convenient location offer easy access to highway ... the early morning breakfast be a nice pitstop before head over to the hospital . i will make it a point to stay here again the next time i m in town ....
my son be come home from deployment . the staff be very helpful and very attentive to our family will definitely stay again
room layout be very ideal as kid sleep on pullout and we have separate king bed . tv swivel both way
oustande hotel clean and spacious . however hotel can not be find on gps .
everything be great until i wake up to get a drink from the fridge . i turn on the light to find roach run around in the kitchenette . very upset .
nice room convenient kitchenette great breakfast . a good stop off for traveler .
be clean comfortable and close to the hospital . i could not share in breakfast so a discount for us would have make us happier with the cost .
we stay only 1 night have a very late flight . the staff be extremely helpful . our room be very nice and comfortable . breakfast be really good . lot of free parking . great location . would stay again .
great hotel . clean and comfortable with a very good breakfast .
love it
great looking and clean and friendly good value for the money and a nice part of town too easy off and on the highway nearby . lot of good place to eat very close by . stay nearby once before and glad we try something different this time .
very nice and close to enerywhere i have to go
the room be very nice . i can t think of a way it could have be improve . the staff have pleasant and eager to please . i highly recommend this hotel .
we be visit our daughter and find this hotel online . it be conveniently locate for the activity that we plan for the weekend .
the staff be wonderful always willing to help .
location cleanliness service great love the pool and spa only problem be an extra charge on my debit card that they do not tell me about will call and straighten it out tomorrow
my husband and i decide to go down to hampton for a weekend over valentines day . we have a great stay at the hilton garden inn . they be all very friendly and we get in real late on our first night and the check in process be smooth and stil friendly at 1 00am . i be glad to know that i be receive the same service at 1 00am check in as i would have during a normal check in hour . the room be so comfortable and clean . we love our stay and it be close to all the near by attraction .
easy check in comfortable stay friendly hotel staff would definitely stay again
my first time here and i absolutely love it we definitely will be come back
the room be excellent the breakfast be great with a very good price .
do not meet my expectation at all i ve stay with this chain before and be impressed but not this time the egg on the breakfast buffet be inedible and the staff disorganize and not prepared to deal with a crowd . our room be not clean ever . i have to call for clean towel . we use the hot tub which wasn t hot have weak bubble and have tile missing . we order a movie and although the screen say we would be charge 14.99 tax we be charge 17.99 tax . a complete ripoff
ok experience nothing special except when the power go out in the morning and stay out for a few minute .
the hotel bed be very comfortable i sleep like a baby .
my family decide to stay here the night after spend the day at virginia beach before head home . the hotel seem ok and clean and all be well until about 1 a.m. . a couple arrive in the room next to ours and be fight . it get so loud i have to call the front desk and while i be do this the woman be scream that she be be beat . there be a lot of banging around and the manager along with someone else come up right away . they proceed to call the police but when they get there the man have already leave . this be a very traumatic experience for my wife and kid and management do not even try to talk to us about it . this be not an experience i would expect from a hilton hotel . i know some thing can t be control but management should have follow up on this . base on this experience i would not recommend this hotel to anyone .
the hotel be decent and affordable . the info for restaurant in the area be very helpful . we go to a local spot which be more pleasant and less crowded . very close to the intersate .
5 star service and amenity at a 3 star price
have a great stay however no real complaint . i m very picky with where i stay . the staff be beyond friendly the hotel be well keep . they even have snack when you enter and leave the hotel at the front door . be very pleased . the only small issue be that the carpet in the room need shampoo . i normally bring my slipper and forget this time . carpet have hair on floor need better vacuuming and shampoo the wall in the room need touch up paint . it would literally take 20 min for when a quest leave for wall to be touch up every so often . that be my only issue look at a dirty wall . however i would stay again . why be the rack for the towel inside the shower on the wall . bad idea make them get damp when you shower .
it be wonderful .
great stay courteous staff noon check out ...... perfect after a very long drive
no iron board in room at check in maid turn off my room refrigerator for no reason stuff inside get warm no way to set time manually on alarm clock it be a constant 1hr 40min behind have to go to front desk to get more toilet paper as
will always stay here when we re in that area
this be a great hotel . the hotel staff be extremely friendly and courteous . check in and check out be very simple without any wait time . the hotel room be spotless along with the lobby and other facility . i highly recommend stay here .
we really enjoy our overnight visit at the hilton garden . the staff be very attentive and my daughter and i feel like we be home . my only disappointment be that we have to pay for breakfast . it wasn t that great and i feel that it should have be include .
never make a mistake and leave anything behind . the housekeeping staff will claim to not have see it . there be no point of have a lose and find and this hotel .... very disappointing for a hilton
overall great stay staf be very nice and helpful shuttle bus on time and 24 7 so very convienient . also the breakfast at 6 and if you need to go before that they give you a breakfast baggie to go very thoughtful close to the airport and to jersey gardens mall i would recommend this hotel and come back here for sure .
stop over prior to a trip to orlando . convenient . airport shuttle big plus
this hotel be not up to my standard . the heating cooling system be extremely loud and wake me up several time during the night . the hotel reception desk clerk be not helpful at all . the quality of food item for the breakfast buffet be very limited and not very good .
room be fine except carpet feel sticky i keep my shoe on the whole time .
very noisy at night from people walk around and talk in the hallway . not recommend .
stay here for business for one night . hotel be clean bed be comfortable and staff be friendly . hotel be quiet and quick access to the freeway . there be plenty of fast food place to grab a quick bite . i would stay again for work .
my daughter and i stay overnight here before her cosmetology state board test . michelle fix up a breakfast pack for my daughter since she would be leave before the start of the continental breakfast be serve . she ask for my daughter s preference and deliver it to our room with a sweet note wish her good luck there be refrigerator in ... more
we spend about 16 17 hour travel 1 000 of mile before reach the hotel . it be our first time in california as a family and the first time we have travel that far with our toddler . we get to our hotel room at 8 00 that night and be get settle in when we have a knock on our door . we be ... more
we be blow away at the dcor and style of this courtyard marriott we be finish our vacation week which be split between myrtle and charleston sc and we have just be very disappointed by our stay in charleston at the hyatt place . this be just what we need to turn thing around we be go to a show at the house of blue and it be perfect just down the street plenty of gas mini golf food bar shop etc nearby we arrive early and they do not have room ready so they give us free water and snack and although we maybe wait 30 min for a room they keep check on us as well as still get us into a room before the post check in time on 4th of july weekend i would highly recommend this hotel
great place close to beach
the hotel staff be very knowledgeable and friendly . the bed be comfortable and sheet be clean . check in be a breeze .
we originally be stay at super 8 . but that hotel be very disgusting . so we stay at courtyard by marriott . very clean friendly . will surely stay again highly recommend it to family friend .
the property be very nice and very clean . the room be a nice size and be very clean . the food at all the restaurant be very good and the price be what you expect to pay at a five star resort and not over inflate . the best part though be the staff . every interaction we have with any staff member ... more
my wife and i stay at the ritz carlton for three night while attend a wedding hold at the resort . the wedding be beautiful and the staff and scenery be top notch . we attend the wedding during a busy time in our life and yet we be totally relaxed upon enter the property
friend have tell us that this resort be worth visit so we book a five day visit in early march 2016 and weren t disappoint . room be wonderfully appoint large wood beam spacious bathroom and walk in closet and balcony overlooking desert . three restaurant to choose from at hotel plus to go service if want a snack or light breakfast and one ... more
how to describe perfection total elegance super attentive staff adjacent to hike trail from the hotel property early morning late night hot pool astronomic observation from the green resident desert tortoise on site ranger delicious drink sushi golf if that s your thing and every amenity you can think of . we spend an amazing four night thank you marriott point and can t wait to ... more
i have no idea why this resort isn t on more people s radar . maybe it s better that it isn t but now you know the secret . it s locate just far away from town that it feel secluded but not remote . the building be well lay out and nothing seem like it be too far . the property be perfectly maintain and appropriately ... more
we be absolutely treat as you would expect ... very high end experience with all the right amenity . golf course be very challenging and cheap if you play in the summer too hot for most but get a cart and bring water and it s totally worth it . the room be exceptional amazing view from this slightly perched location and the service be ... more
build into to mouth of a desert canyon the hotel be structure and colored to fit in with the landscape . the two pool be wonderful as be the hiking trail and golf course . the food and cocktail be also excellent but the wine list could use some work . my favorite room be in the separate casitas more expensive but ... more
we stay here two night and boy i wish it be more . great fun for my kid 10 12 . the service be fantastic mercy at the front desk couldn t do enough for us . i will definitely be come back . we eat on property since there be not much around . food be very good . my only issue be the pocket door for ... more
the service be outstanding . every staff member regardless of their position go out of their way to be helpful and accommodate and always with a smile . we book a standard room use point and be upgrade for free to a casita suite . it be incredibly nice . the only negative be the ac unit be loud and creaky and cause ... more
this be a lovely property . it would be ideal for a romantic getaway . but it be nice for business as well . the staff be very nice and very accommodating . it be not very busy consider it be february . this hotel be away from everything . you will eat and drink here the entire time unless you want to drive 30 min .... more
amazing hotel for the price the staff be very nice . i would definitely stay again if i need to . close to place and the bed be very comfy .
comfortable room . good air conditioning friday night stay in business park area so very few guest . price could have be under 100 .
great access to transportation major tourist attraction and restaurant . nearby mall be an add bonus .
very nice very reasonable very clean . nice friendly staff
excellent .
great night sleep on nice clean king size bed . nice comfortable pillow room be large and very clean . front desk staff be friendly . free shuttle to from national airport and to from a nearby metro station and complimentary fresh breakfast buffet be a nice plus highly recommend this hotel .
we enjoy the hotel very much particularly the free shuttle to from the airport and metro station and to drop us at a restaurant for dinner . the complimentary afternoon reception and complete breakfast be excellent and enhance an at home atmosphere . the room be clean and roomy . we would stay here again .
i think the hotel be very nice . the staff be wonderful they be very helpful and friendly . only thing i do not like be the hotel allow smoke out in front of the main entrance . it be fine with me if people choose to smoke but when you be wait for a shuttle and have about 6 or more people stand around you smoke it be a little uncomfortable for those who do not smoke . the only other thing that i do not like be one day when we be on the shuttle there be a young woman already on when we get on . i be not sure if she be an employee of the hotel but it be clear she be not a hotel guest . i do not know your rule on people ride your shuttle but here be what the problem be this woman take up 2 seat the shuttle be full and people guest of the hotel have to stand . if she be not a guest of the hotel which from her conversation with the driver i be guess she be not the drive should of have her stand so that people who pay to stay at the hotel could be seat . if she be an employee of the hotel she need to move over to allow a guest to sit with her and not take up two seat . that be a little disappointing but that be say the shuttle service be great . right on time every day you have to love that it be my son s first time to d.c . thank you for make it a great trip .
very clean very modern shower curtain should have be change it be vile but within 10 minute it be change and the staff be apologetic . our room have a view of the freeway which we like . the man check me in be loud like everyone in the lobby know what room i be in my name and my address because he be just loud but i only speak to him the one time so that be good . complimentary drink coupon at check in for happy hour at the bar be a nice touch . very comfy bed an super squishy pillow . very happy with the visit .
it be a wonderful experience.the room be nice clean and spacious . the location be accessible to shopper and they have a hotel service to the airport .
great stay .... pool hour be lousy
this hotel be very nice . comfortable bed lot of room great breakfast . the only cheesy thing be their evening snack at happy hour . it be potato chip and cheese with a variety of dry snack . they may as well have put out pretzel and nut and call it a day . i expect more .
i love it but i think the parking be to high .
would recommend overall . we be there in january and the weather be very cold . we expect outside to be cold . the hotel s entrance door be open a lot tho and that make the restaurant and seat common area too cold to enjoy . happy hour cold breakfast cold poor concierge employee very cold . other time of the year would be better ... or rotational door room be great and comfort in the room spot on
beautiful hotel very convenient to the metro in crystal city . wonderful complimentary breakfast . enjoy manager s reception nightly . will stay here again this be our second visit in 5 year to the same hotel . spacious suite . nice large flat panel television 2 per suite . workout room adequate . we have a dead battery in the hotel garage and the guest service attendant help us find a car service employee who assist us for no charge only suggestion bathroom need exhaust fan i believe they be schedule to be remodel soon ...
good workout facility eliptical machine and treadmill with tv s abs machine and free weight . nice room . few block from the metro and a shuttle run to the pentagon city station and reagan airport . usual good embassy breakfast friendly competent staff .
brilliant hotel and very helpful staff
room be great staff be professional and helpful and breakfast be delicious .
all of the usual accolade to a good hotel apply here . but i be particularly impress by the employee response when my 15 year old granddaughter decide to socialize with some boy she meet at the pool and didn t bother to tell me where she be go . the hotel s front desk and security people be extremely efficient and courteous in locate her save her 70 year old grandfather much angst and the service people in the restaurant area also go out of their way to get to know us .
the room be spacious and have fridge with microwave the bed be very comfortable amentie be great breakfast be awesone and yvonne at front desk be awesone
this be an older embassy suite that have be very well maintine and update . the staff be very friendly and helpful . we be there for 6 day and they do everything to make sure our stay be pleasurable . the restaurant be a great place to eat if you be too tired to venture out for dinner . the front desk have a great local restaurant list and the hotel van will drop you off and pick you up when you be finish eat . we love the daily breakfast buffet and the evening manager s reception . the hotel be locate about a block from the metro station . we enjoy the daily walk to the station and find it very easy to get to all the site we be they to see via the metro .
this be one of the cheaper rate in the area . this of course be a relative term in the dc area i be surprised to find a great spacious suite with great service . the price include a hot breakfast buffet . i m look forward to go back . chuck
the hotel be clean but the service personnel leave much to be desire . they be not as helpful as you would expect . they could anser simple question and some even have attitude .
superb hotel . can t go wrong with location comfort or worth the money you spend for it . with breakfast buffet and afternoon reception you can t go wrong with meeting everyone want . the room be comfortable and quiet . we be by the elevator and couldn t not here the elevator and traffic come or go . free transportation to local restuarant metro and airport be just another bonus . all hotel personnel be top notch .. very friendly helpful and efficient . couldn t be happier with our trip and accommodation .
have stay at several embassy suite this one in crystal city do not meet the expectation of embassy suite standard . the hotel s only restaurant do not have much to offer as compare to the 3 restaurant of marriott hotel which be next door . the front desk people need further training in customer service . grant that they may be college student their customer service need to focus on the need of the customer such as inquire if there be any question we may have regard the town i.e restaurant shopping metro transit . the only thing that be great w this place be their full breakfast .
i enjoy the convenience of the location and have the whole food store within walk distance be a plus .
we enjoy the stay we can visit all museum but for next time
my only one complaint be that you have not mention your phone number in the web site when i take the print out after book there be no phone number on the sheet . i be not aware that your shuttle service will not pick from crystal city metro station so i wait for your vehicle for about 20mins and then i get help from rennainace hotel s shuttle.thank you
with all the other choice in the area i will stay somewhere else next time . this be the 1st embasy suites i win t stay at again . it doesn t appear that they care about the upkeep of the hotel and as a non smoker i wasn t impress with the smoke everywhere i do receive the non smoking room i reserve ... too bad it wasn t smoke free ... because the room reek
hotel be under construction and smell bad and be very messy . on top of that the staff be bad . we be in a rush and need a cab to get to an event . we tell the man at the desk to call a cab when we check in . when we come down later he hadn t get a cab for us so we ask him to call the cab again . after sit in the lobby for 15 minute wait we ask when our cab be come and he say he do not know we still want a cab and would call . eventually 25 minute later a cab drop someone off at the hotel and we be able to take that cab .
an excellent value give the area . very courteous and professional staff . we be astound by the continental breakfast complete w chef we enjoy the since of security with the hotel s parking garage . let s not forget the free drink . a would definitely stay again .
this be a low price hotel with very high quality . i be impressed with how fancy it be for such a great bargain . the breakfast be delicious . the room be very clean and comfortable . also the staff be as nice as can be . i enjoy my stay very much and decide to stay there everytime i visit washington dc .
nice room locate 4 block from pentagon city mall
love the breakfast
this hotel be convenient to metro with large comfortable room and free breakfast .
toliet overflow . rug remain wet . carpet wet and smell moldy in my daughter room . water in drink fountain cloudy . breakfast buffet excellent . staff friendly and helpful except when the toilet water be run everywhere . free shuttle to the airport and metro very convenient .
i stay for 3 night with my family . we enjoy it . it be in a good location actually not far from both crystal city and pentogan city station . however we need to walk about 200 m to get to metro station of crystal city . this be a fine distance to walk . it be very quite and clean . breakfast be excellent . the resturant also provide good grill . the stay be almost half or less than half price of embassy suite in downtown but it be only 15 min by metro from downtwon and 1 stop by metro from the airport . it be an absolute great chioce to stay there .
plus location all suit minus rude and unhelpful staff worst breakfast selection and coffee quality of any embassy suite i ve ever stay in
excellent experience . the only issue i have be the small omelet that be serve at breakfast . other than that it be a great stay
it s a standard embassy suite just super overprice . staff be friendly . see a roach at breakfast . and overall breakfast be pretty basic tasteless . good location shuttle to reagan and pentagon city metro . no shuttle to iad . consider there be so many other similarly price place in the area no loyalty to return here . not a very distinguishing experience either way standard big corporate hotel experience .
very nice suite clean and neat as a pin in a great location . parking be in a gate garage cost be extra .
there be an 18 per day charge for parking very well secure which be not disclose in the expedia information . other than that the hotel be pretty nice . room be currently undergo refurb our room have the brand new carpet smell which be quite overwhelming . the staff be nice courteous . the breakfast buffet be not up to es standard compare to other . hotel be very clean . oh and the elevator you have to take one up from the garage then another up to the room and elevator service be slow small often cramp with people or guest with luggage .
excellent
spend 9 day at embassy suite while visit family and sight seeing . short walk to metro and access to all area of dc make sight see easy . appreciate the full breakfast every morning and evening happy hour at end of day . bed be comfortable room be clean and quiet small kitchenette be useful . hotel shuttle to area restaurant also appreciate .
it s be very comfortable and clean no problem
the hotel be very clean staff be amazing and very helpful . i would definitely recommend this to a family or friend . yes if i m in the area i would love to stay here again . great facility
this hotel be great . the staff be genuinely nice and helpful . my boyfriend and i come for a trip to the verizon center to catch a wizards game . the verizon center be not far at all . i call front desk for a cab and have one in about 5 minute . the room be clean and nice . i m a bit of a germaphobic and i have no problem with it . i didn t spot one dirty spot or anything . when we first get in the room there be a problem with the heat . maintenance come and fix it quickly and all be well . if i have to list one improvement it would be that the furniture look a little outdated . but it be not really a problem . it didn t look dirty or run down just not fashionable . other than that this hotel be wonderful . it be in a great location to restaurant and dc and i would absolutely stay here again .
very good service and accommodation .
the breakfast buffet be phenomenal the challenge be get out of bed and get to breakfast on time the bed be very comfortable also the breakfast staff be very hospitable . one of the chef big guy be wonderful at make sure we have the food we need . he be very attentive to all guest need . i will definitely stay again
i have a wonderful stay at this hotel . from the time i arrive the customer service i receive have be nothing less of truly amazing . all the way from the staff that check me in to the staff at the bar during happy hour . the shuttle be great if you do not have a car they will take you to from the airport to from the mall and anywhere request within a mile radius of the airport . the room its self can use a bathroom update but overall not too bad . the breakfast be great with cooked to order omelet . this hotel be worth every penny .
everything be clean and comfortable . the room be larger than any i have see . the staff be very professional and friendly . i will stay here again when i come back to d.c .
excellent service
i be in town for a seminar that be locate at the embassy suite at crystal city .
le stanze avrebbero bisogno di una ristrutturazione . location strategica colazione nella media
ventilation system be blow cigarette smoke into the room call the front desk and they seem ambivalent . room temperature uncontrollable end up open window in snow storm to cool down room .
this hotel have a lot to offer at a good value . the suite be spacious for the price . it offer a separate br from the tv watch area and desk . it have two television a fridge and microwave . the staff be courteous and friendly to a fault . this embassy suite be very close to the monument literally an exit away . there be restaurant close as well . as to the extra the hotel offer on site parking in their private garage . there be a great complimentary breakfast each morning offer every conceivable food . last there be a 3 hour happy hour that offer free drink adult beverage as well and snack daily this embassy suite be very close to the monument literally an exit away . there be restaurant close as well . we would absolutely stay here again
we stay at this hotel the last week in december the weather be extremely cold arrive 1 week after the snow storm but the hotel service be very warm . the shuttle service be excellent the would drop pick you up from any area inb their vicinity . also need to mention that guest from another hotel be wait in the cold at the mall and the shuttle driver offer to drop them to their hotel which be excellent service . the front desk staff be very helpful . only downfall the double room bed be little bigger than twin bed .
we take our two grand child to see dc and stay at the embassy because of its convenience to the city . our grandson have extreme food restriction due to food alergie so we be not sure how this trip would go . it be his first trip away from home . twe explain to the chef and server that he need special food preparation and care . they go far and above to make sure his need be meet and to follow up that he be take care of . thank to these good folk we feel more comfortable about travel with him . the embassy staff make this a great summer for our grandson .
l accueil chalereux meme s il faisat tre froid dehors c est pourquoi le 3 janvier etait assez froid dans l espace ou on prenait le breakfast ... l autre jour beaucoup mieux . la chambre assez propre le climatiseur un peu bruyant ... mais c etait correct ....
when all hotel in dc be over 250 during the week of the national prayer breakfast it s so nice to have an affordable hotel near the metro with complimentary breakfast and dca shuttle . will definitely stay here again .
enjoy cleanliness of room quality of service and location near metro and fashion center .
my friend and i select this hotel for the extra room provide a nice living room area that include a great flat screen tv small frig microwave and sink . an iron board and iron provide the ability to have our clothe look freshly press each day the bathroom be beautiful and clean and the bed be very comfortable great tv in the bedroom also . the make to order breakfast each day be of good quality and service be warm and friendly the evening drink and snack be great also . maid service keep our room spotless there isn t anything i could recommend that would have add to our hotel experience i will definitely look for an embassy suite everywhere i go
very nice clean hotel . the staff be very friendly . however the room be very warm and even though i adjust the thermostat it be still too warm . the window will open a couple of inch which help . it be 17 degree outside and 85 inside . so it didn t take too long to cool the room temperature down . the breakfast be good . they actually have real egg and you can get them cook to order .
i have a great stay . staff be very friendly and welcoming .
clean comfortable good breakfast but parking and internet fee be extra which you have to consider . i decide not to use wifi and use from cell phone datum plan . other than that everything be good .
i have an amazing time . the hotel be close to all the tourist spot . the hotel have free shuttle service to and from the hotel and to the metro station . the bed be so comfortable that i didn t want to get out of bed . the free breakfast be amazing
my stay be wonderful . the only thing i would adjust be the room temperature . i be not very cold .
friendly staff very helpful clean room . metro across the street blue line 2 stop to arlington yellow line 3 stop to monument museum . nice if you want to stay outside the main sightseeing area . would stay again .
restaurant and room service food be quite good . be plan to go to some of the better restarant in town as we usualy try to do on vacation but end up eat in the hotel multiple time and not miss go out .
enjoy every minute of our stay . everything be convenient the food shopping and sight seeing activity i.e. museum .
we arrive at the hotel a few day after a devastating thunderstorm have knock out power to a large portion of dc md va . the hotel have open up to refugee that have no power so they do not have a room with 2 double bed as we have order . they give us a room with a king bed and a rollaway bed . it be cramp for 4 of us . but the hotel staff be indeed marvelous and go out of their way to make our stay at dc a very good experience . excellent location with metro and a great shopping mall on site . lot of fabulous restaurant within a short walk . my kid love the hotel and their indoor pool . we will stay there again the next time we visit dc .
what one would expect for an rc property . the restaurant be excellent and the room be spacious and comfortable . it be near many restaurant and the metro station be right in front for an affordable commute into d.c . all thing consider a great pick for you stay in the d.c . area .
the room be nice luxury hotel nice breakfast . good location
we enjoy it very much because it be close to subway and to the airport the attraction .
the stay be a good little get away for me and my wife and to take care of some business .
since i rarely have or take the time to reply to email ask me to rate a particular hotel item or service me seek out your website to make my comment be tell in itself . my wife and i stay in the pentagon city location from 7 4 2013 to 7 7 2013 . it be in our opinion the best hotel stay for us ever . every single member of the staff that we encounter from the moment that we pull our vehicle into the check in area on 7 4 until our trunk be pack on 7 7 be friendly professional and helpful . it be our pleasure to enjoy dinner in your restaurant on 7 4 and breakfast the remain three day . each meal be excellent . i would specifically like to mention bryan haley who take the time on the evening of 7 4 to chat with us at our dinner table . what be amazing to me be that bryan and most of the other staff seem to remember us and all of the other guest . please thank your staff for a memorable stay . i would hope to stay at your hotel the next time we have the opportunity to be in the washington d.c . area .
we have a great stay at the ritz in pentagon city however it be not without a few fault . first on our first night we attempt to order room service which be suppose to be available 24 7 however after let the phone ring for over five minute without any one answering .... twice we try call the concierge and get the same lack of response so we give up and go to bed hungry . the other issue be with the shower . the water pressure from the bath tub faucet be fine and the water be hot but on e you switch it to shower there be so little flow that it would take forever to rinse shampoo out of your hair . i eventually resort to switch back to the bathtub faucet and use one of the glass to rinse my hair file it from the bathtub faucet . the next night i decide i would just take a bath instead of stand in the sprinkle of the shower however the bathtub stopper would not deal off enough to even get more than 1 inch of water in the tub . to get by i use that come glass to cover the drain and it work well enough after i wrap a wash cloth around the base to help seal it off . i know these seem like small first world problem but when you be stay at the ritz there be a certain expectation of quality
first class experience on the metro line shop next door awesome sunday brunch
the service be the best by far friendly speedy make us feel at home
we have a great stay at the ritz and would definitely stay there again . everything be as you would expect .
in dc at the beginning of the labor day weekend and we couldn t have pick a better place to stay . the service be fantastic from the moment we arrive by taxi through check in and culminate in a turn down service that be just the extra special treatment we love . there be special weekend event like a family movie with ton of snack wine and cheese tasting in the lobby even a magician for the kid . i love it . the kid love it . i would recommend highly and definitely stay again when in the dc area . the metro be right outside the front door
the service at the hotel be very good friendly staff especially the valet . the only downside to our stay be the extremely hot temperature in the room thermostat do nothing to improve the situation . we only stay one night so we deal with it .
arrive by subway tired and worn . meet frank at check in . take care of everything . could not have be more helpful . point out possibility for dining after arrival offer tip for maneuver the subway . frank stand out among all the very helpful and friendly staff . see you guy next year
customer service be exceptional
fantastic ease of travel convenience location with respect to attend event easy access to metro great bar at the hotel . i can not think of a single negative and will stay there anytime i travel to d.c .
we be there for only two night but we be extremely pleased . the meeting hall for our conference be great our room be wonderfully comfortable clean and well furnished and most importantly the hospitality and courtesy show to us as guest top that of any other hotel we ve ever stay at . this hotel be right at a metro station for two line that go straight into the downtown area and be only 3 minute from the airport . it s also connect to a wonderful mall . in all the only word to describe the experience be well perfect
great facility and top notch service at half the price of the comparable hotel across the potomac . easy access to dc via the metro stop beneath the hotel .
we love this hotel the staff be super friendly and accommodate . the food in the restaurant be delicious and our grandchild be give special attention and treat . room be lovely and very comfortable .
from the time we walk in and greet by frank we know it be go to be an amazing place . frank give us some local tip and ed escort us to our beautiful room make sure we have everything we need bring us extra water and suggest place to eat . we be there for 2 amazing night shame we didn t take as much advantage as we could have being.locate in the shopping plaza ..... so so many shop . courteous friendly staff . service impeccable in fact we rush in after a full day have a quick shower before meeting friend return and find fresh towel amazing
this hotel certainly keep with the ritz carlton name . great surrounding . great service and great food all make for a relaxing stay .
newly renovate . great room . and facility . attach to pentagon mall . great shopping and restaurant . 8 minute to reagan national
the hotel staff be very friendly and professional . they go out of their way to ensure that my comfort be their priority . everything i request be bring to me in a timely manner . they also give me my privacy when i need it .
we have an amazing experience . the hotel be very close to everything and every single employee have excellent customer service . will definitely go back .
wonderful as always the consistent level of quality be always reassure and so pleasant
ever time we travel to d.c . one of our kid favorite destination we struggle to find the right place in the right area . we either find a nice place that be almost a mile from the metro stop or we find a crappy place within step of a stop . the ritz be on point . from the ambience to the staff the quality of food cleanliness of the room down to the way they treat our child we love it the cherry on the ice cream be the ritz be litterally 100 ft from the metro . we will never search for a hotel again
great location for a fourth of july weekend wonderful staff comfortable room woulddefinitely stay here again
hotel be fine and meet need . nice amenity in king size room . room be also a good value for price . room have nice amenity except it lack any blanket on bed or available in room . bed only have a sheet no comforter or blanket . many people prefer to keep room cool but have a blanket to keep warm while sleep . excellent breakfast .
staff be very friendly . lifeguard go out of his way for us as do all of the staff . my kid love the little gift shop . food be good with egg burrito pancake sausage and lot more . housekeeping do a great job with our room despite our kid s mess . hotel have some older architecture that be very charming . overall great experience .
they have a wifi problem and i have to call the 800 toll free number for the troubleshooting . this be not my job to call technical staff 3 4 time and sole the issue . they troubleshoot it and agian the same problem
i m surprise this hotel be even part of the best western chain . they supply only one wash cloth . we get a conditioner bottle but no shampoo . our food be throw away even though we have it neatly store in a box on the coffee table . the buffet breakfast be lack . it have stale donut and danish . the only hot food be hard boil egg and grit . on the positive side bed be comfortable and good front desk service .
we have 10 room ask the gm in advance to put the room close she say she would do her best . at check in the front desk never receive anything from their gm about our group . the hotel be dirty online pic be deceive . the room reek of smoke some of us change room . there be hair everywhere . i never see a cleaning lady the entire time . there be only sheet on the bed when i call the front for blanket they only have one to give to us so i give it to my kid . the elevator be small filthy . club guest be loud yell in the hall from 9 p.m. 3 a.m. . i have to ask the people next door to quiet down so my kid could sleep . guest be smoking cigarette weed in their room which overflow into the hall . we have room on the 5th 6th floor it be like this for everyone . the pool be gross . the breakfast be decent but they run out of some food early . the staff be always nice besides the lady in the breakfast room who remind me of a grumpy cafeteria lady . i have to wash everything that i take into that hotel when i get home even if it be clean . my car stunk of stale cigarette from our stuff be in it i have to get it detailed to get the smell out . this be not a family friendly hotel in any way shape or form do not bring your kid here . if you want a cheap party hotel with a club where you can pass out drunk not care this be right up your alley . do yourself a favor spend the extra money .
this be by far the worst hotel i have ever stay at . the room where not clean . the shower do not work well go from hot to cold then hot then cold i have to unplug the tv to plug in the microwave because they do not accommodate for both . just an unpleasent experience . certainly wasn t worth the price .
decent hotel to stay fairly close to dc close to the beltway
wat een desolate toestand . achterstallig onderhoud in het kwadraat in een desolate omgeving . vieze lucht als je binnenkomt . tijdens verblijf nog brand op een andere verdiepe geen noodplan geen enkele coordinatie . risicovol om daar te slapen het eten be zeer slecht
hotel be great it have a free shuttle to the metro great continental breakfast and be in a good location with a few restraint in the surround area as well as a grocery store
they tell me my husband could check in without me but when he arrive they state i have to be there . they be unprofessional with bad attitude . there be grow woman intoxicate knock on door and run . they be in the hall make a lot of noise . this hotel have a club inside and attract the wrong people .
i want to emphasize that the problem i describe here be deal with by the overwork night staff desk manager and shuttle bus driver handyman who go out of their way to solve the problem of our room . i have stay in this hotel over the year but this be worst experience and perhaps the last time . it look as if management have cut staffing to the bone . at hotel desk i wait for nearly 20 minute . the clerk be with a guest of the hotel who have a problem . the guest explain the problem at least five time the clerk keep forget detail because he never write anything down instead repunche the same mistake into the computer over and over again . no one else come out to help and he keep repeat mistake . the guest a businessman be very patient and step aside to let me check in . the clerk finally get to me . we load up a baggage cart and go up to the sixth floor . we find a nice room at well over 100 degree . it be seem as if policy be to completely turn off air condition between guest . downstairs lobby be cool and pleasant . upper level lobby and room be very hot . room faced afternoon sun directly unshaded . we set the ac on cool hope for the best . i go downstairs to use the business center which be a computer in an open area with child play on it . a child get up but no obvious reset function for privacy and screen face a group of child hang out . hotel also need to reduce loitering in parking lot .
the 1st night we check in be the night the crazy storm hit dc . we end up lose power that night fri and it still hadn t return as of mon . while this be by not their fault it make the stay quite dreadful . we have a busy day on sat as we be look for house we re move to dc and didn t get back to the hotel until late the hotel with power be sell out . the room be disgusting so we sleep in the car and check out on sunday . apparently that be a mistake . the girl at the front desk say it shouldn t be a problem to get reimburse for that night and the pre pay night we didn t stay . however we be tell to call the manager who say that it be not customary for them to refund us for a night in which our thing be in the hotel even though it be miserable and we couldn t sleep there i should mention that there be record breaking heat . ultimately she refund us for this night and we be satisfied . have the power not be an issue the hotel be pretty nice . the room seem clean and be recently renovate . the staff be really nice too even though they be hot tired . the location be pretty decent . they be currently work on the orange line though so it s close on the weekend at new carrollton . fortunately the greenbelt stop be about a 10 min drive away and there s free parking on the weekend . ultimately i think we just have bad luck and our stay would have be perfectly fine if the power hadn t go out on day one .
wonderful staff breakfast lady be wonderful sunday 9 13 room need refrigerator noise guest on the floor
this be a one star hotel . dirty smelly in bad area . definitely will not chose bw in future
the room be ok . the hall way be under construction so we hear constant bang all night . one of the hotel staff just walk into our room no knocking and then stare at us blankly ask if we have check in . the wifi didn t work the front desk give us a 1800 number to call so we could ask them to reset it . i would not stay here again .
i like and i be go back
stay at hotel for a football game nearby . shower didn t drain . shower curtain didn t stay on the shower curtain rod . maid never remade the room . not enough power outlet handy to recharge the cell phone of the group in my room . continental breakfast be so lousy we eat breakfast elsewhere . elevator be out of order upon arrival be fix during our stay . in dire need of a renovation . if you can book it for the same price as motel 6 then go for it otherwise avoid until a renovation occur .
there be hair in the pool there be hair in the bathroom there be hair in the hotel room there be hair everywhere . there be a night club in the hotel of some sort that make it impossible to park and make my 2 kid and i feel unsafe in the parking lot .
i stay in a room near the vend area but it be pleasantly quieter than i would have expect . also major renovation occur on all floor so it be dusty but no noise be hear at night .
one of our room be above a restaurant bar lounge which be play very loud music for several hour after midnight . the noise from the bar keep me awake for hour . as you can imagine this make for a most undesirable stay . in addition the temperature in the room be very cold and the bed have only a thin blanket on them . there be no extra blanket in the room and there be not a thermostat in the room that would have allow us to control the temperature .
when we book there be nothing to say about a dance club open only friday and saturday night right below our room2nd floor . also this club be not own by the hotel and you have to pay to get into it also open to 330am and loud .. there be nothing in the area for mile in which to have a top notch meal only fast food frightening at best to order . shopping be very little . not a very safe neighborhood . drive there not very easy to find . if you be go to an nfl football game drive to game be actually very easy only about 5 minute but to take any other mean of transportation be way out of the way and expensive .
we check in late ... around 1 am . the lady at the desk be really nice and she be every night we see her . i be disappointed with the front desk during the day . we need clean towel at one point and be tell we have to wait until housekeeping come in .... which be one hour later i know from other hotel stay that they could have at least get some for us to pick up . the room do smell a little bit musty also . over all it be a decent stay . it do have a very convenient access to the highway head in to d.c . so that be a plus .
i be pleasantly surprised with this hotel . it do show its age but be a very comfortable stay non the less . the staff be very friendly and helpful . the pool be a hit with the kid and it be great that they have an on duty life guard . continental breakfast be more than your typical free breakfast with hot food .
we be welcome with cold drink and a smile friendly receptionist and manager as we look tired after walk from the station . they ask why we have not ring for the shuttlebus we try but we have call the wrong number . we always use it since the driver be not the smile type . the continental breakfast be nearer a full breakfast as there be some cooked item .
stay on 6th floor and all be quiet . evidence of remodeling be on many floor and in the stairwell . employee be pleasant and helpful if and when you need them .
the facility be too old . but the front desk staff help a lot .
hotel room be dirty after sleep on pillow case observe a blood stain . shower be awful .
staff be very nice and friendly quick check in and check out good variety offer for breakfast good location . only inconvenience on the weekend our family stay there be a convention happen at the hotel on the friday evening which make the lobby area be crowd and noisy .
guest service be amazing . the condition of the hotel leave much to be desire .
what i didn t like be the room be not good . when you walk in the hotel it look awesome . but the room look like you be in a motel rather than a hotel . also the hotel be under construction from 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. . that would have be nice to know before book a room . the hotel staff be very polite and professional . the breakfast bar be the best breakfast bar i have have in a hotel . out of a 1 5 i rate the breakfast bar a 5 . the staff be so on point .
this hotel be ok if you need a short stay mostly for sleep . i stay two night use the swimming pool once . con the breakfast buffet be of mediocre quality worst be the pastry tasteless and more like stale bread the lobby be hot and humid and could have be cleaner and neater the path to the swimming pool be horrible filthy flood the pool itself be ok warm its floor litter with stuff there be no change room or shower in the pool area pro wifi be of good quality fast and no issue with login or usage staff be friendly helpful the bedroom and the bathroom be clean and neat the fridge and all lighting work well
clean and great customer service excellent place to stay .
overall very good stay .. staff be very friendly . we at first be give a room without a fridge and microwave which we have book . the front desk employee quickly change our room and apologize immediately . breakfast be from 630 10 and it s a great spread . the chef come out to ask how everyone be do and ensure the sterno and food supply be fully stock . hot food cereal muffin bagel yogurt fruit pancake maker burrito bar you name it they have it . didn t feel rush at all . we be 15 away from the city area and it s close to the highway which be convienient . room be good but wall need to be insulate you can hear everything in the next room . housekeeping be good . pool wasn t open but that wasn t a major issue for us . plenty of parking . overall good stay we would come back .
we check in late 1 15 am after a monday night redskin giants game hotel be full clerk at desk extremely busy but very accommodating to us . our room be clean comfortable plus the refrigerator microwave i have request be there . breakfast be excellent staff friendly helpful . the clerk at checkout be relax friendly despite how extremely busy he be . we will stay here again next time we be in the area .
the hotel be an economy hotel but it be one of the best my spouse and i stay in . everyone be very friendly . upon arrival to my room the receptionist call and make sure everything be ok . i do not even get this kind of service at high end hotel . so kudo to the level of service . the hotel be clean and comfortable . the location be roughly 30 45 min drive to dc depend on traffic . the swimming pool be only 6 p.m. 10 p.m. on weekday and only a few hour on weekend . so if you plan to use the pool you really have to plan for it . overall my experience for this hotel be very nice .
this be just an ok place to spend a night since it be close to our destination and be fairly inexpensive . you can tell it be an older hotel that have be renovate . room be clean but smell of air freshener probably to hide a smoke smell . just didn t have that usual new best western feeling .
good for its purpose which be to stay there only long enough to sleep . fan in room be so loud that we have to shut the air off for the night . lot of road noise . the breakfast be good with lot of option and great service by the folk manage it .
i stay there with our team . bed be average . shower be good . housekeeping staff seem ok . we stay with our team . all of the staff didn t know that we be stay there and we need separate room too eat etc . so we end up in lobby eat dinner etc . breakfast be decent and the room be always setup . the staff ... more
the hotel be very unclean and the staff act as if it be a chore to do their job . i have item let in my room from previous consumer . my room have cob webs in the ceiling and the bathroom be dirty . i speak with the front desk and she be very nanchalant tell me someone would call be back but to this day no one call me back . my car almost get tow because the front desk person forget to give me a parking pass to park on hotel property . i have to rushout to speak with the tow truck gentleman then she gently say o i m sorry i forget
l hotel en lui meme n est pas trop mal les chambres aussi mais l environnement n est pas terrible . c est une zone en bord d autoroute dans un suburb glauque et quand meme tre loin du centre de washington 30 40 minute en voiture . de la fenetre de la chambre vous avez la vue sur l autoroute ou le toit de l hotel avec plusieur gross climatisation qui tournent en permanence d ou un un bruit incroyable on se croirait encore dan l avion .... pas de restaurant digne de ce nom autours . la piscine est limite propre l eau est quasi opaque .... et praticable bien que tre grande et surveillee . en revanche le petit dej est correct
will stay here any time i m in virginia beach . i truly have no complaint at all . free cookie at check in the most comfortable bed and pillow ever and one of the cleanest hotel i have ever stay .
very beautiful quiet and decent price hotel . a little far from the beach but we enjoy the pool when we come from the beach .
rigtig godt hotel super sdt personale ca15min fra stranden
great hotel for the price . breakfast be delicious . convenient location to main highway . would definitely stay here again if i be in the area .
as always our room be very clean . the hotel itself be up to date and clean . breakfast be excellent each of the four day . i leave my laptop charger and housekeeping be right on top of it in get it back to me .
the manager robert and nature be very courteous and professional . great breakfast and a reception be hold on wednesday night for guest . we be extremely pleased with this hotel and would definitely stay again . entire staff be great .
the staff be very friendly room be clean bed be comfortable and breakfast be always good .
i need an affordable hotel close to fort story . the hampton inn be perfect . the bed be very comfortable . the toiletry in the bathroom be of high quality neutrogena . anytime we need anything extra towel paper plate for the pizza we have deliver etc . the staff be quick to help us . and have a hot breakfast with lot of option be great too . there be an outdoor pool but i do not use it . there be also a small workout room with a treadmill an elliptical trainer and a stationary bike as well as weight . the neighborhood be very quiet with a 7 11 ruby tuesday s and a rite aid within walk distance . freeway access be also very easy from there .
towel chlorine smell too much noise on alley and room
hotel be a good choice about 10 min from the actual beach but me and my family be satisfied . it would have be 100 perfect if there be an indoor pool but it wasn t. great hotel though
stay be ok . they take a 50.00 temp . auth . charge on my credit card for a pre pay room . that be ok but it be not 5 2 14 and the charge hasn t as yet be remove . i be tell the temp charge would be remove within 3 work day . i m not happy about this .
wish we could have stay longer to enjoy the city . have other obligation that put us on a short time schedule . hope to visit again in the future . the location of the hotel be perfect . we be there for a 86 year old aunt s birthday .
the room and service be great . i can honestly say it have the best free breakfast at any i current have stay at .
perfect for our need . convenient to freeway for quick access to anywhere in the norfolk and virginia beach area .
not to cleanest or the dirtiest . great breakfast buffet . nice staff .
the room be a little on the to hot side and could not lower the temperature at all . the bed be not very comfortable . i believe it need a new mattress . other than that price location decor etc be great .
my wife and i very much enjoy our stay for a quick baltimore weekend getaway . the hotel be small but the room be big . there be a lot of mirror and the kitchenette allow for a second sink and counter top to get ready . we be on the second floor so the noise from the street be pretty loud but not to the point where it keep either of us up all night . the breakfast be a pseudo hot breakfast ... no egg or meat but it do have a waffle maker . location be perfect but at night it get loud and rowdy and there be some police activity just a block down nothing bad just drunken party goer . i would definitely stay here again .
the staff be great especially the valet . the room have no sound proof . drunk people in the hall at midnight and we hear everything . we be on the 7th floor and everytime someone run over a manhole cover we hear the noise clear as day . the worst be the tub though . you can tell they have a bath fitter instal but there be water between the old tub and the new liner so it feel as if we be shower on a water bed . who know what be grow in between the two surface . also our one pillow have a big brown stain on it .
for the most part we enjoy our stay . we think our room be much bigger as that s how it seem advertised online and we also think the lobby area would be bigger . we get stick on the elevator have to pull the door open ourselves to exit the elevator on the morning after our first night stay . the staff be not very communicative about the elevator issue and do not really provide any real direction about update or way to return to our room use another mean other than the elevator .
great inner harbor location . the staff be excellent and i will stay at this hotel anytime i be in baltimorre
amazing staff very helpful good breakfast . 1 2 block from all the tourist area . we be there for a convention and its very easy to get to
price be a little bit deceptive ... when i book the room it state that breakfast be include . however it be not include in the quote rate ... you be charge an additional 9.95 per day mandatory for 2 bottle of water and the breakfast plus use of the fitness center . since this be mandatory it should be include in the overall rate . the room be fine but there be a funny fishy smell in the hallway on my floor . not sure what that be all about .
i be expect a suite consider the name of the hotel but it be really a standard room . i overlook that as i should have pay better attention but the room be not very clean . i find a dry up contact lense in our bed there be mildew in the tub and the room could have use a sweeping . the other issue we have be that when we return from dinner the front desk worker be sit on the couch with her significant other while there be child sit at the hotel bar . also later my husband run out quickly to grab something from our car and this same hotel employee do not bother to look up from her phone when he enter the hotel . last i go to buy a snack and a drink later that evening the same employee be on a clearly personal phone call do not even notice i be there . i seriously could have take the stuff leave and she would not have notice . we have a return visit to baltimore and i don t think we will be stay here again .
it be good all but the a c not work properly but no parking
the renovation in my room be very inconsistent . on the positive side the live area and the bed room be nicely update with modern furniture quality curtain and a very comfortable bed . but the kitchenette and bathroom look as though they hadn t be update in decade . the cabinet door be hang askew the bathroom door be in desperate need of paint and the tub be old stain and yellow . also i have a remote control that didn t work a lamp that didn t work and a drain that stop up and spill water into the floor . i wouldn t stay at this hotel again .
i need a room near convention center very satisfied .
decor be nice and room be comfortable enough . feel there be poor temperature control air circulation be poor even with room fan on it feel too warm . location in proximity to harbor be very convenient with everything within walk distance .
me and my family have a great time for a last minute trip
i stay at the brookshire suit for one week and enjoy my stayed . one thing that i be really disappointed with be the room service they do not do a good job at clean the room . out of the 5 day that i stay there i only allow room service to clean my room on the third day . i expect them to resupply me with all the essential in the bathroom . i be short on towel soap and shower gel . i be more furious when i notice that they do not provide me with a trash bag for the room trash can . not to mention that when i walk in on the first day of my stay under the sink there be a bag fill with trash from the previous stay . it do not bother me at first but after notice how awful there room service be lead me to write this review .
wonderful accommodation and love the area . we will definitely be back
location be great . room be big but fixture n outlet some didn t work n outdate vent in bathroom partially hang down n dusty . you could either watch tv in dark or have lamp on .
nice quiet hotel in the middle of all attraction . .. clean and beautiful room .
arrive and have prev reqd a king or queen suite and be give a wheelchair accessible dble . and be tell that s all they have . however a couple that be friend of mine later call and make a reserv and recvd a king suite additionally our heat be break all week end and it be quite chilly . they attempt to repair twice w no luck .
the brookshire suite be a perfect place to base ourselves while explore baltimore . it s walk distance to the water to the visionary art museum and to plenty of wonderful restaurant . for those who be look for an experience instead of just a box room this be the place for you an overall well design feel with great art and friendly staff we already book this for our trip back in the fall .
wonderful . spacious room . friendly staff
we stay at the hotel for the army navy weekend . it be a wonderful stay . the room be great large kitchen area with huge living room and a very comfortable bed . it be just one block from the inner harbor . the staff be outstanding they be very helpful in answer any question and give very helpful suggestion for restaurant . we would definitely stay there any time we go back to baltimore and the inner harbor .
this hotel could use upgrading . it be clean enough but truly bare bone . of greater concern be the mandatory destination fee of 9.95 per day that tack on the bill . there be no option to decline it and i be not inform ahead of time . in essence it add 10 to the room charge . i book this hotel because the price seem reasonable . but at 10 more per day i could have stay at a nicer hotel for the same price .
there city of baltimore be have a water problem because of the extreme cold temp . the desk staff do not tell us at checkin that we may have a water problem in the room . we first find out about this not have water in the toilet that be eventually rectify but we do not have any hot water . after unload a family 6 and 3 year old in the desk staff tell us to go to dinner and there should be hot water when we return no t want to risk that option we ask for a refund and that we woudl be leave . the desk staff be reluctant at first to give the refund but when i insist because they could not guarantee hot water they finally do . they fail to understand that a hot water issue be a hotel problem not a city of baltimore .
old build the door do not close properly you could see the light of the hallway through the side of the door there be a love cockroach in the bed our first night .
i ask for non smoking room but doubt very much that the room assign be non smoking . it literally stink . the surrounding of the property be poorly maintain hardly sweep . the outdoor pool area be even worst . it look like it hasn t be clean for week . the garbage can be overflow from the day i get there . the follow evening it be still the same way . this should be rate as .5 star .
the room be very clean . nice desk and chair . friendly and efficient staff .
the room be not clean my wife have to clean the tub in the bathroom and around the toilet the carpet be dirty the t.v . keep blank out and the wifi didn t work .
if you re on an extreme budget then stay or just for one night but i d pay the extra money and stay at the marriott otherwise ... it wasn t that clean the carpet wall the place need up grade
room be clean and well maintain . hotel be older have to keep get a new key card . for some reason mine would stop work each day . hotel be fine nothing fancy but be comfortable
very convient location but a little difficult to get to off the interstate .. you need to make a right at the light and make a u turn . the room be nice size have a fridge and micro . no oder untill we turn on the ac unit .. nothing a little frebreeze in the filter do not fix . the wall be a little thin but do not matter much as the puppy hear everything and anything from a mile away .. hahahaha ..... the front desk folk be just great . some of the friendliest i have run across in hotel . breakfest be good waffel cereal juice coffee .. ect . will def stay there again because of the pet friendly no fee .
we be glad to find a great place for a great price . we even get out for a walk after our flight and find the area to be safe and easy to walk around . the people be nice and the breakfast decent . we d definitely recommend it .
the bed be break but be still comfortable just a bit sink in . the floor be a bit dirty but overall everything be good .
hotel graciously grant my request for a different room as i be assign a 3rd floor room between several occupy by very boisterous girl basketball team . teacher coach let them run wild until well after midnight . unfortunately the team continue to run up and down corridor on all 3 floor .
this hotel be dumpy . the layout be strange . i will probably never stay at a la quinta again .
my room be clean but everything be run down . the carpet be rip and come up near the door and the bedding look like it come from the 70 . the only good thing be the new flat screen tv . my stay be ok but i would not stay there again the area isn t all that great and i do not feel safe go to my car .
our experience be near perfect clean room and facility friendly helpful staff dog friendly with no fee upgrade breakfast menu just off i 295 so minute from all major vacation or business location all for half what you would pay for same elsewhere
that be the best most comfortable hotel stay i ve ever have . good breakfast and very friendly staff . i recommend this hotel to anyone travel to va beach .
we stay at the laquinta only one night but will return at every opportunity . they re pet friendly which be wonderful . now my baby can be our travel companion . the room be great clean and comfortable . the staff be very friendly and we be very pleased with our stay .
i will be return the service be excellent
noisy hotel paper thin wall and not conducive to sleep . we stay here because it be near the hospital and we hear they offer a special rate for hospital patient . we be not offer a discount rate and get no sleep before surgery either hippy dog in hall at 2 am car traffic late night and early morning dark surrounding with little security be reason why we will never stay here again . also no smoking room reek of smoke especially when bathroom fan be turn on . morning receptionist do nothing to resolve .
while the staff be nice the key for the door do not work old eighty style with many hole . the place smell like cigerette smoke and be very dirty . the surround neighborhood be scary and the parking lot entrance be hard to find .
hotel be older with low ceiling in the hallway and do need some update . room be clean and stay be comfortable .
this be an older property but it s clean . nothing fancy and i wouldn t recommend this for more than a night but it be fine for what we need . breakfast be okay more cold carbs than anything else there be a denny s in the parking lot as a back up
front desk staff be not very friendly at check in . breakfast be a trainwreck do to soccer team take complete ownership of the breakfast area . i would recommend the hotel because of its convenient location between va beach and norfolk downtown aside from the poor treatment display by the front desk staff .
the hotel room be very nice and clean . it would be nice if the room have a refrigerator or microwave . overall i enjoy my stay and will be stay again in the future .
we stay here for 4 day the staff be very friendly breakfast be good room be clean as be the swimming pool . i would recommend this hoel to my friend an family .
the hotel be not far from the beach and many other attraction .
good location but dirty hotel in my opinion it should be down rate to a 2 star hotel . it s old the room i stay in smells musty and the common area be dirty
as an adult couple it be a little overwhelming to have a hotel fill with young people there for a competition . it be nearly impossible to take advantage of the breakfast service . the staff be extremely friendly and helpful .
short overnight stay . the staff be great . very friendly and welcoming . the hotel be a bit dated and in need of a few fix . tub and toilet be be very small . so small the door hit the toilet when close . overall this be a nice stay . bed be comfortable . lot of room space and dog friendly . i would stay here again .
i think the overall experience at the hotel be very good . the only thing i do not like be that the cleaning of the room be late in the day after 2 p.m. .
we be tired from a very long drive from boston and be very happy with everything that we see . the staff be very professional and very nice . the bed be very comfortable . i would highly recommend this place . the breakfast be very varied and great . everything be fresh .
i be nicely greate as i enter the lobbie . while check in they have my packet ready which include may of area coupon and suggestion of activity . very friendly staff throughout my stay .
i be disappointed with the cleanliness of the room which be very dated . the staff be super friendly and i appreciate that . the breakfast area be crowd and be on of the first room in the hotel it seem everybody want to walk by have a conversation at full volume while i be try to sleep .
manger .. rachel very nice .. water pressure in toilet bowl . .u have to wait a long time . .to flush . .bathroom floor dirty . .i clean it our view look out bedroom window .. be a meter of some kind .. breakfast be nice .building need good pant out side . .it be quite . .close too the store nice . .. i would stay again ..
the first day we go to the comp . breakfast and it be terrible food be stale and cold there be no towel for the pool and the maid give us a hard time about give towel out .
be a decent room clean but barebone . quiet and convenience of free breakfast . besides a dennys too
when i first walk into the hotel at approximately 15 minute after check in there be about 3 or 4 employee sit at table and chair at the entrance . this be the common area where the continental breakfast be serve . upon check in i be tell there be no room available . the employee have not finish clean the room . i be from nj and be in va for the weekend . the front desk clerk ask me if i have anywhere else to go while they have the opportunity to finish clean the room . the check in time state on my reservation be 3 00 p.m. apparently the hotel do not receive this message . eventually i be able to receive a room . however i definitely will never stay at this hotel again due to the bad service receive at check in and for the attitude of some of the employee .
the hotel definitely show age and ton of wear . we have two room both in somewhat poor condition that both smell strongly of smoke non smoking room . stain tear and burn mark pretty much sum it up . staff be very friendly
wonderful especial nice for person travel with pet
it be ok for the price . brake fast be goog the room have little bit smell
it s about 15 min from beach . you be not near it . no microwave . no refrigerator . but good for the money . breakfast be very busy . pool be close only one day of our stay .
truly a nice hotel . people very friendly and helpful .
i be verry disappoint . with the house keep service no towel bed wasn t do cause we leave a a pant on the bed no cofffe ...... i hate ..... i hate to ask for everything when be suppose to be do w out ask
good place to stay for reasonable price . easy access to va beach .
great
hotel tr s bien situ pour se rendre new york port authority bus terminal 10 min autobus en face de l hotel 320 3.15 chambre tr s pratique avec micro onde et frigo emplacement calme apr s une journ e pass dan la jungle de nyc . chambre de qualit sup rieur .
very convenient location . hotel very convenient for travel in new york city . recently renovate very comfortable and clean bed modern furnishing lcd tvs granite counter top in bathroom . good price too take the bus from new york city to the hotel take only 15 minute . the commute in can be a little longer up to an hour so leave lot of extra time travel into nyc . the wal mart next to the hotel be very convenient for last minute thing . would return next time i go to nyc . the hotel restaurant never seem to be busy though even at night .
i have travel quite a bit and the resort be at 3 star at best . upon arrival we have to wait ... we be early so okay . the check in person be very informative and give us lot of info about where to eat etc . when we get into our room the outdoor stair and walk way need to be sweep . there ... more
we be midway through our week at the inn . we be enjoy our stay . we choose gulf front and have not be disappoint . attractive room excellent staff and have bike chair board and kayak available be fun . as far as no see ums bite bug common to south florida the lotion provide by the inn seem to be work . the ... more
the hotel be centrally locate . the room be comfortable but a little worn . the staff be somewhat helpful but could have be friendlier . the quality of the drink at the bar could have be better . overall pleasant experience
we stay 2 night at the sanibel inn . we have a 1st floor gulf view room in the periwinkle building . while the room location and view be just what we want we have a hard time get past the musty odor in the room . it may be that room on a beach will suffer from some dampness but this seem ... more
very nice stay advantage of free bicycle and paddle board as well as chair umbrella on the beach
it rock . go for a two day concert so many fellow showmate stay at the hotel . the pool area be transform into a pre game party with food and tune . the hotel and staff be outstanding . the only drawback be that it would have be nice if the hotel shuttle operate on the weekend .
the living room area be cramp and the cable wasn t that great but other than that for the price the stay be good .
the hotel be nice for a weekend getaway . nice staff and clean room . the best part be the full kitchen which have everything you would need to cook and eat all you need be to supply the food .
room be very comfortable and clean . the staff be very friendly and nice .
the hot breakfast be a good idea but horrible . plenty of towel but need to invest in some fabric softener . the sheet be not fresh
when we book the hotel we know that they be undergo renovation so we expect some inconvenience . the checkin area be in a different location all you need to do be follow the sign . checkin be fast . our room be a 2 bedroom suite with a king in each room . the room be recently renovate and be absolutley beautiful . plenty of room for 4 adult . we will be reserve a room again next september . there be shop food an liquor store right around the corner . the only downside be that our room be directly under the temporay breakfast cafe . if possible that should be the last room to be check into .
the room be great bright clean airy spacious . bed and pillow be comfortable . i think the common area be fine as well . breakfast be great . my only complaint be that the hall and lobby be a little shabby look . carpet s wear front desk be sloppy . however if i ever need to stay in columbia again this will be my spot .
the hotel be noisy at night . the staff do little about it . despite the update look the bed feel like it be old lumpy
my lady and i occasionally enjoy overnight stay in hotel . we don t have a lot of money and hotel aren t cheap so i m very selective about where we stay . i select sonesta because it be close hey 97 and a short drive to arumdal mill mall . i ve be previously disappoint choose familiar brand name hotel in baltimore . i ve learn that brand don t guarantee quality . i wasn t familiar with sonesta but i figure the hotel have to be good because of the location . i didn t have a clue . out of all the hotel i ve visit within the past 2 year this be the best . i could live there . everything be excellent .
perfect
this be a last minute booking . you walk into clean hotel that doesn t smell like smoke . staff be great and check us in along with explain the time for breakfast buffet wifi access and other necessity . room be big and clean . soft bed clean bed modern decor kitchen with all necessity and clean bathroom . if i return definitely come back here .
hier stimmte alle
clean spacious room courteous staff great breakfast . we be pleasantly surprised to find out that in addition to the warm breakfast the staybridge offer a light dinner tue . through thur . we will definitely stay there again when visit relative in columbia .
the hotel look like it be in good condition after enter my room i notice that everything in the living room and kitchen be a bit slanted which didn t really bother me . the floor be slope cause everything to be slant an obvious foundation issue or very poor construction . while i be in the bedroom i hear voice and think someone have enter into the suite turn out it be people talk in the hallway and because of the slope there be a 2 inch gap between the door and the floor . i be only stay at the hotel for 8 hour so i didn t ask for a room change but beware of what room you get .
there be constant noise through out the night from noisey door to guest talk loud . sort of feel tile an apartment community . certainly not my type of place for a good night rest .
i have a wonderful experience with this hotel . it s minute away from down town baltimore and minute away from other popular attraction . i can t wait to return definitely a keeper i hit the jackpot
everything i need be provide in a nice comfortable room .
the air blow from the furnace make the bedroom either too cool or too warm . other than that i couldn t have be more pleased with every aspect of our stay at sonesta . thank you
the suite be comfortable and clean and the staff be wonderful . i know exactly where i will be stay anytime i m around baltimore .
first time here and it will definitely not be my last . this hotel be beautiful . have the 2 bedroom suite and it be awesome . love everything about it . you can not go wrong with this hotel .
employee be great and room be really nice . safe area .
clean room very helpful staff . have direction pre print to area mall etc . most hotel serve complimentary breakfast but these guy serve dinner also . real nice place .
everything we eat be fresh and tasty we have the best stuff blueberry french toast and make sure you try the pecan chicken . melt in your mouth
we decide to go on a little getaway weekend to chimney rock to unwind from a very stressful week . of course we choose the esmeralda for our lodging which seem like the perfect place for a relaxing night away . we definitely want to try the esmeralda restaurant after check the menu out be draw to many of their delicious ... more
everything meet or exceed our expectation on this leg of our trip . the property be clean organize and very easy to navigate . the upstairs game room would appear to have everything you could want if you desire to stay in and relax . as far as the breakfast be concern we very much enjoy it . we didn t not expect the service ... more
we really enjoy our brief stay at the esmeralda inn . everyone be so friendly and helpful ... they even make a special substitute breakfast for me to accommodate my gluten free restriction . we stay in room 2 with a beautiful view of chimney rock . we could hear the river sound as we drift off to sleep . i only wish we could have ... more
we travel there over our spring break to get away and relax . this be our second visit and it be even better than before . the hospitality be above and beyond and the restaurant be over the top . the chef have prepare some amazing dish that be out of this world and not so expensive that it hurt the wallet . we ... more
as a result of an unfortunate booking glitch at another facility we find the esmeralda and fortunately they have a vacancy . it s rare that you stumble into a place that exceed your expectation at every point but that be exactly our experience . austin be the desk person and he book us in to our cozy comfortable room and then escort ... more
the food be excellent with a great view . my husband and i love our meal and service at the esmeralda restaurant . the chef here be amazing . also the service be fabulous . definitely a must visit if in the area .
my wife and i spend our first anniversary here and love it the staff be incredibly kind and everything be clean and more than comfortable it be only 45 minute from asheville so we spend the day in the city then drive back up in the evening . cozy and warm this place be amazing
i admit that i have never stay at a best western property ever before now . i love this hotel this hotel be fabulous the staff be friendly and courteous . the room be beautifully decorate and very clean . i be extremely picky when it come to hotel . this hotel meet or exceed all of my high expectation . the location of this ... more
my family stay here during my niece s wedding and really enjoy it . the room be clean large and contemporary in their decor . the bed be very comfortable as well . the free morning breakfast be awesome complete with make to order omlette pancake waffle fresh fruit more . i also think the service be great . my elderly dad have ... more
special thank you to casey martin chaunee antonio lee and everyone else who make our stay so great casey be especially awesome help us plan event at the hotel and personally cater to every need we have while there
we have an excellent stay and be very satisfied with this place everyone really enjoy their room and the hospitality the room be very spacious and super clean the staff be very professional right from the start and continue through check out . the breakfast be very good and hot i will definitely continue to seek best western as my first ... more
my husband will go so far as to say that this be the best hotel in denton . he love all the cool thing they offer include a texting service to check on you . they have the plug in for electric vehicle . breakfast include make to order omelette . room be spacious we have no complaint for our visit . but we do ... more
hotel room be clean but room smell musty . outside walkway and step could use some work . they do offer breakfast . cheap rate so don t expect much . we only stay one night . it be better then tent .
we need a place to stay as our bathroom be be renovate . extremely quick check in call earlier to make reservation . we walk in give our name and we be head to our room in under 3 minute . no need to give a plate number for our car . check out be even faster . when we go to the front ... more
great hotel easy access to rte . 93 locate in a quiet commercial area spacious room super clean welcome staff starbuck in the lobby worth every penny will stay here agin next time we re in the area
quiet location in an office park . 15 minute to downtown boston . great location for tour the city .
far from boston if you do not have a car front desk night time super . i will like to give 10 starst pero so far for me this time i didn t have a car . i pay . cab a lot . not shuttle not even to main st . s no shuttle i do ask on the time of my check in . if you don t have a car be far from boston . but i recommend this hotel if you have a car be nice and clean love it .
my wife and i live about 15 minute from boston but stay at a hotel there 2 or 3 time a year without our son in order to keep our marriage fresh . when we try to find a hotel in mid october 2015 the cheapest hotel in boston be 369 . i love my wife but not that much so long ... more
book a room at the last minute sight unseen . how refreshing to see a hotel in a nice setting but close to route 93 and boston . the front desk personnel condition of the room and can you belive it a hotel breakfast be over the top . this be my first choice for hotel north of boston .
the staff go above and beyond to make our stay the best it could be
the girlfriend and i decide to take a trip to salem mass for halloween and upon check expedia find this hotel list as 103 for 2 night with only 1 room leave available . shock at this amazing deal we book immediately . when we arrive and try to check in we be inform that we owe 230 . i be outraged and demand to talk to a manager who wasn t there . we end up settle to stay only 1 night which be over 100 and then make our way to salem the next morning after have breakfast and find somewhere else . we wake up the next morning to find out there isn t even a free breakfast very unhappy with this stay and will never go to this hotel or the franchise again
my first time stay at this hotel stay here for a week . the staff be fantastic and go out of their way to make you feel welcomed . my room be very clean and comfortable . we stay on the third floor be very quiet . i have no trouble sleep . the breakfast be really good and they have fresh bake cookie by the ... more
60 s era building but update with microwave hair dryer etc . no elevator for the second floor .
this be a hotel we book because we have a small pet . the staff be extremely friendly and helpful . the hotel be a little dated and need some tlc however it be comfortable and serve our purpose .
the hotel people be amazing with us . we go there because of the hurricane in florida we be sad and very stressed . they make us feel like in home . thank you guy you do it great . see you in a near future .
hampton inn in gloucester va be a great stay . clean quiet and comfortable . may fast food restaurant nearby along with a walmart a quarter mile away . staff be very friendly and helpful . i would recommend this hotel to anyone .
love everything about the place and especially love the quilt and pillow . people be very friendly . we will be stay there again in the future . i can t wait to use the pool next time too . i m ask for the quilt for xmas .
very clean and friendly enjoy the room and comfort level it provide . free continental breakfast and complimentary internet be always a plus highly recommend for people visit the yorktown area as it be only around 10 15 mile away .
very clean and quiet . seem like a newly build or renovate property . good breakfast . nice location . convenient to glocester and mathew . no complaint at all . i would definitely recommend this location.thank you so much for your recent review of the hampton inn in gloucester we be so pleased that you enjoy your stay and we be delighted that you would stay with us again we look forward to see you soon
at the spur of the moment we decide to spend a weekend in gloucester . there be not many choice but we have stay at hampton inns before and know of the great quality . the staff be very friendly the room be clean and the bed ... morethank you for your recent review of the hampton inn in gloucester . we be pleased that you select our hotel on the spur of the minute and that your stay be pleasant . please come again soon
the room be really nice but the service be even better . they even have a indoor pool which be a great feature . we will definitely stay again .
we ve stay at the hampton in gloucester multiple time and i ve never have a complaint . the staff be wonderful and accommodating . wonderful bed and breakfast .
i have a meeting on wednesday and decide to drive to gloucester va on tuesday and leave on thursday . i choose to stay at the hampton inn because of my very pleasant experience when i call the hotel directly . this hampton inn be a best ... more
we be visit family in gloucester point and have not be in the area before . while the hotel be probably 10 12 mile from family it be not a bad drive . accommodation be great staff exceptional and i would recommend this hotel without reservation . much to ... more
in town for family hospital emergency . staff be so helpful extended my stay . there be no room in this small town due to graduation wedding etc . general manager make sure i have a room . excellent customer service .
third time at hilton property in the last 3 year . all where let down . this 1 pool be out of order and it be a loud hotel not very sound proof . baby sized pillow not good . if you be go to close the pool ... moredear clayton c i appreciate the review of your recent stay at our hotel . i m sorry that the pool be close for renovation at the time of your stay we make our biggest effort to inform guest and possible guest through every chanel possible about ... more
this be a really nice place locate well off busy highway 17 with ample shopping nearby this nicely renovate property be in a safe quiet location . our room do include a closet fridge and microwave but many don t it seem be sure to ask ... morethank you in advance for take the time to review the hampton inn gloucester on tripadvisor . we be delighted that you enjoy your stay and that you find our staff so accommodate . we hope that you will return in the near future .
i have zero cell reception with my carrier t mobile . not the hotel s fault . but because of that i need regular wi fi reception . this hotel unfortunately have awful wifi . i be on the first floot at the end of the hallway . they need more or better ... morewe want to take a second and thank you for your review of the hampton inn in gloucester . you be correct that t mobile have very poor if any reception in our area . we be aware of the poor internet reception but we have great news ... more
i spend the weekend at the hampton inn in gloucester va and the entire experience be perfect the staff be helpful and friendly housekeeping do a great job and the breakfast staff be great . i couldn t have ask for a better stay thank you for your review of the hampton inn in gloucester . we be delighted that your stay be so pleasant . look forward to your return
stay two night . the room be very clean and the bed be extremely comfortable . sleep like a rock use the gym facility in the morning for a great workout follow by a nice continental breakfast . great staff great hotel great stay
overall bad bad registration process have to make the reservation twice and in both case no email confirmation . almost have me book for two room and would have have i not make several call to confirm reservation . also on the morning of check out there ... moremany people think that a slightly poor review be a problem for a hotel ... this be not true . by let us know what go wrong during your stay we learn what we need to work on . thank you for let us know and we hope that ... more
good location slightly off main highway . all restaurant chain be convenient and if enough time to look you can find good local restaurant . excellent staff . fairly new facility very clean . highly recommend if you need to stay in the area.we be so pleased that your recent stay at the hampton inn in gloucester be a good one we look forward to a return visit from you
staff be very friendly and helpful . i couldn t ask for better service . the 24hr coffee tea station be wonderful use it a lot the complimentary breakfast have everything you could possibly want and more . hotel be very clean.thank you for your kind review of the hampton inn in gloucester . we be pleased that you enjoy your stay and hope that you will return soon
when i arrive at my room it be unlocked . there be a strong musty smell . be so tired i try to go to sleep . i wake up not be able to breathe . i don t have allergy the hotel be full so i be unable to switch room . i ask to check out of the hotel . there wasn t a manager on duty so they refuse to check me out . i will never stay at a ramada facility again .
it be alittle hard to find get detailed direction fast airport pickup very nice employee
we have no tv service and be tell we could move or we could be take care when we check out .. we choose to stay in the room as we where unpack it be late and we be ready for bed . when we check out we where then tell we have to talk to the manager as we book thru expedia . it take over week to track the manager down i leave at least three message on her voicemail . only to be tell that their policy be to move us ... she be rude in her deal with the situation ... that not what we where tell at the time ... when i push it i be give the option of 10 off my next stay .. also ... it be a long weekend and the hotel be busy ... the breakfast area need attend to ... food run out and a little cleaning be in order ... the front desk person be friendly and do her best to replenish and a very bus time for her at the desk ... when i ask housekeeping for a new ice bucket as ours have a crack in it and be leak she roll her eye at me and sigh like i be put her out ... this hotel could use some renovaton and attention in order to be up to ramada standard . p.s . i fly alot and have use this hotel at least 3 or 4 time .... there will not be another stay there . and not recommend it .
pretty much blah ... nothing really to write home about .
this hotel definitely need renovation . up grade
i have ask for a handicap room but do not get one . i guess i would rate the hotel as a 3 . the road lead to the hotel be very rough .... out of control of the hotel . the hotel offer a very small breakfast area .... enough for maybe 6 people . not what be picture . limited parking due to the bar and many christmas party .
the hotel be clean and the staff friendly .
it be nice the room be clean and close to where i have to conduct business the next day .
the room itself be clean however the ac unit be very loud . the breakfast offer be sub par they only offer suite and other high carb item . upon arrival at the airport it take an hour to be pick up .
have travel over the past 6 month this hotel for a 3 star location be very disappointing . first the decor be very old dark and non inviting . secondly the ramada be advertise in the arundel mills area plenty of restaurant to choose from . however on your way from the airport to the hotel you realize that you be as far remove from as possible from anything nearby . they offer transportation to the mall approx 4mi track for 10.00 . obviously not customer friendly . they infer that the transportation be to be free . also upon arrival in your room you discover there be no clock radio of any kind there be no booklet to explain the amenity of the hotel or nearby attraction . when ask the front desk if if the booklet may have be take they sheepishly respond wedon t have anything like that . the continental breakfast be ok note that rarely be anyone from the staff keep the item replenish or the juice container from be completely out . after a 20 min return the orange juice be still out at 7 45 am . because of the lack of additional restaurant convenience i do eat at the hotel . the food be decent but nothing to rave on and the cost be a little above average . service at the restaurant be fair not because the server weren t try tbut because there be only two server period and one help at the bar . finally there be no internet instruction post in the room .
very busy efficient enough airport location . room quite ok .. housekeep fine .. but hotel be get run down . some modern era touch lack i.e. not enough power outlet near desk or bed . staff try hard to accommodate guest . irksome and preposterous 50 night incidental charge which be return post stay .
my family of six want a hotel that would be comfortable but do not offer many amenity that would up the price because we do not plan to be in the hotel except to sleep . i find this hotel very comfortable and clean and would recommend it for a family on a weekend stay as it be locate in a technology park and may be busier during the week . it be relatively inexpensive and close to both baltimore and dc .
so so it be ok . location be not the best nothing arround .
great experience all in all perfect for what i need . would stay again if stay in columbia md area
this hotel be like live in a construct zone . the hallway be not air cond and miss the baseboard . the room have chip in every wall . the bath tub have millldew stain around the edge . hotel door be not lock and in fact some could not be lock because the operate bar be miss . when i tell them about the unsecured door the reply be that they have camera . breakfast be a joke kid cerial mini bagel and cupcake with terrible coffee . our flight be delay a day and we check out and use another hotel . best description be it be run on the cheap . shame on ramada .
no tissue box in the room or washroom . room quality be poor . crack in the wall in washroom . internet be pathetically slow almost unusable even late at night very early in the morning . would not stay here again .
the lobby must be the first place they renovate and it look great but i stay on 6 floor and everything in it be old and smell weird elevator squeak all the way up not a great feeling bed be comfy but i prefer queen
we stay a friday to monday and be a little put off by the club music come from the bar attach to the lobby but overall it be a nice stay . i love how relaxed they be at the pool area so we could enjoy ourselves instead of feel gawlke at . it must be a state law but i find it odd they have a lifeguard on duty for such a small pool but he be cool and pretty much stay to himself the whole time . i didn t like the area and it be a hassle to get on the highway . i probably wouldn t stay there again but i didn t have a bad experience .
everything be excellent quality service will be come back
we have a good stay in this hotel it be clean and comfortable everything be ok as far as the basic service but the wireless internet do not work well at all during our 6 day stay . i would not recommend this hotel if you want reliable wireless internet access i notice that other guest have similar issue with the wireless access .
this be a great place for the price . the bwi ramada have all the amenity that 1972 have to offer . double check your shot record and book today .
it be a good hotel to spend for only one night there . the wi fi didn t reach very well upstairs . although i overhear the staff indicate they be work on it . the hot water for the shower wasn t that hot or didn t have the potential to get that hot which could be good in a sense . i fill up an ice bucket and leave it out overnight . the next morning i discover a dead cockroach . i don t know if that be a fluke but that kind of shock me a bit . i don t think bug in general be very good . the area be quiet which be important to get some good sleep . the free breakfast be really good the staff be super friendly and the shuttle get me to the bwi airport fast . overall i think it s a good place but need a few thing fix . i recommend on the contingency those issue be fix .
i stay here with my girlfriend for a week and end up spend one of those day in the room completely due to her fall sick with food poisoning . the hotel be clean comfortable and have a nice breakfast area . people have complain that it be small which it be but breakfast can be take back to your room which i prefer . there be a computer printer available to print out ticket board pass and this be very useful as we need to print out some ticket to six flag in order to take advantage of an online only deal . we visit the parkstone grille restaurant once on the first night and find it really nice . it be during a karaoke night so it be quite lively and everyone love my english accent although i didn t sing i wish i d book two week here as the time fly by so fast and i already want to go back . i would book here again although the location be a bit awkward if you plan to visit baltimore on a daily basis it s a good 30 minute drive each way but it be close to arundel mill shop mall and some other amenity such as the airport
this hotel get the job do . it give you a place to sleep ... that be unless the staff decide to give your room to someone else like they do during my stay . imagine my surprise as i lounge on the bed with my fiance watch tv when someone unlock our room door and walk in with her luggage of course that mean we have to reset our key . the hotel also give you a decent breakfast the night after your stay . unfortunately each of the juice container dispense juice along with black residue that settle in the bottom of your cup so you will probably want to stick with one of the two hot tea option . try to get a room on the upper floor as there be a religious concert of some sort complete with electric guitar and full drum set on the bottom floor at 8 30 am sunday morning . if you re try to relax in your room after wake up beware that it may not be that tranquil as the clean woman yell at each other down the hallway for about 45 min 1 hr as they clean your floor .
breakfast the first morning have mold bagel and fruit . i would check the food before you eat it .
great stay but if you don t have a car your cab around would be 15 to the mall
everything be ok but not great staff seem to not want to be there
i be drive from ny to nc and decide that i need to rest . it be after 9 p.m. . i pull over to a rest stop and look up expedia for hotel near by . i get a hand full and pick one within my budget . what a relief to have that choice . my stay be pleasant room be clean great staff . and free breakfast . within 15minutes of book ramada have my reservation . .
we check in at 3.30 am and the lady at the front desk didn t seem happy to see us . no greeting or smiling . she quickly give us the key and didn t bother to give us any information on breakfast timing or free wi fi . she be rude in short . the guy during check out be very friendly . the room be clean but the bed be very hard . the trash can in the room be nasty and when i look at it by mistake i lose my appetite . it wasn t bad but not worth the price i pay for it . for 10 more i could ve stay at bigger hotel close to it . oh and breakfast wasn t anything to die for . we end up not eat there .
they don t tell u when u book a room but when u get there a sign be say ur card will be charge an extra 50 a night and it will be refund n 7 10 day ... at this point its too late to cancel because they will charge u anyway ... so that s y the price seem cheap but n the end ur pay more and its higher than other place ..
for the it be ok i would stay again the tv be an off brand and make some noise on some channel breakfast be ok but nothing to write home about frozen egg mc muffin . i would give it 3 star max
wallpaper peel in room water drain slow in sink soda machine be empty . otherwise quite and clean .
this be not a 3 star hotel on top of cleanliness issue we have a two issue with wake up call . one 2 hour early and the other which didn t come at all .
not sure who to blame . expedia say something about surcharge in one place another place say nothing . real pain to realize you get a good room rate then need to fork out an extra 50 for parking . of course no one take responsibility . to their credit the front desk do offer 35 since it be 5 day . 50 be up to 14 day . expedia couldn t do anything .
power go out due to a snow storm however partial power be available . light bulb be burn out in the bathroom though unrelated to power outage . hotel be very difficult to find but the staff be courteous when i call for direction . tv cable be on satellite and most channel be not available due to the storm . surprising that they re not on standard ground cable . internet be lose as well due to power issue . hotel be clean and nice but dated . exercise room be small and dated . bar service be very slow and inefficient . hotel do a good job clear the parking lot and sidewalk of snow by morning . however it would have be nice to have some help to open the slide door while carry all my stuff to exit the hotel which be difficult to open .
overall great experience the staff be excellent i have never encounter such a friendly staff before my stay here my only complaint would be the need for some updating in the shower .... but other than that i absolutely would recommend to everyone
breakfast be light . the taste of coffee need improvement . breakfast could benefit from addition of cold cut smoke salmon cheese freshly bake bread and pastry and omelette .
we make reservation on november 9 2011 for a stay on the night of may 16 2012 and specifically ask for a non smoking room . when we arrive at 11 p.m. the desk clerk casually tell us the only room leave be a smoking room . no explanation as to what have happen to our reservation for a non smoking room . no apology . she couldn t have care less . the smell that greet us when we open the door to the room be unbelievable . i sleep with a clean towel on my pillow to avoid the tobacco smell that permeate every inch of the room . not go back there anytime soon .
just stay as have to catch a flight at bwi airport after a long drive . i would rate this a 2 star hotel .
no problem complimentary breakfast be ready and wait for us find everything satisfactory
the ac unit be break in the room so we be force to open the back door and listen to the highway noise all night . bed sheet be stain and room maintenance need do witb break outlet lamp shade etc .
my son and i spend the night here and find it to be very clean and the staff to be very courteous .
i stay monday through friday on a business trip . when i check in i do a quick scan of the room there be no refrigerator or microwave . i pull the comforter back and notice about 7 what appear to be burn hole in the sheet right by the pillow . i be move to another room that have a small refrigerator and microwave . the room be dirty cobwebs in the corner by the old a c unit . the a c be very loud and wake me up throughout the night when it would kick in . the chair in front of the unit be stain and not all the light fixture be operational . the fitness area be a mess and the equipment be break cup on the floor empty water container and towel on the floor . typical continental breakfast sometimes there be coffee in the morning but not every morning .
park and fly service available
overall hotel be good except for breakfast it be the worst i ve experienced area be way to small and choice of food on the cheap side . also nothing be around the hotel it s by itself .
this be a nice location but poor maintenance and less than stellar housekeeping keep it on the almost list .
a little hard to get to nothing in the immediate area like within walk distance . a little old and outdated look .
the hotel advertise a free breakfast but i go down to the breakfast area at 9 00 a.m. and everything be go except for box of cereal and some not very nice looking fruit . the food area be also a mess . the room be not in very good repair some mold damage along the ceiling in both the bedroom and bathroom . they have change to cotton bed cover that can be wash rather than polyester so that s an improvement . overall this hotel be fair .
the desk clerk jasmine be super nice and the room be comfortable . i would definitely stay there again and while the hotel be a older venue it be clean and offer free shuttle service and continental breakfast which be nice amenity as other venue don t offer these simple accommodation . there be a restaurant on site which can be access within the hotel which be nice as you don t have to go outside it rain for a couple hour lol . i would recommend a modification to the menu to offer more selection . i have the calamari which be okay i ve have better and the potato skin i ve have better but they both satisfy my hunger so all good on that end . upon check out final bill be ready and shuttle be on time . i do forget to tip the driver which i didn t think about initially as i be focus on get my bag check in so this ca lady do apologize for that .
there be an old musty smell in the room and the internet do not work . we could only pick up wifi in the hallway . these two component alone be enough to put this hotel at the bottom of my list but what top it off be the poor service . the front desk staff do the bare minimum to accommodate guest . it be apparent that they do not care about whether or not we have an enjoyable stay . at check in we have a question about why our room do not have a microfridge and want to know what it would take to get one . the clerk that we initially speak to be rude and give us information that the supervisor later inform us be incorrect . the follow day we go for breakfast after a morning meeting we get there at 930 and it end at 930 but everything be still set up and the man at the desk be prepare waffle for himself . we go to make waffle as well and he inform us that there be no more mix and because it be 930 they would not restock . normally i wouldn t have a problem with that policy but have just watch him fix himself a big plate literally 30second earlier it feel incredibly inconsiderate and cold . ultimately if you need to stay here because it be the best option for your paycheck it may work for you but do not expect too much in regard to customer service . on the other hand if you can afford the extra 10 15 dollar it may cost to stay somewhere else do yourself a favor an stay elsewhere . i be will not return to this hotel .
after arrive at bwi i call the hotel for a shuttle . 45 minute later i call again . the shuttle have never be dispatch so i have to wait another 20 minute before it arrive . no apology be forthcoming . there be no business center at this hotel and the restaurant need a major upgrade . the room however be well maintain and comfortable .
i call the ramada the morning i be check in to verify the check in time as well as verify that the room type i request would be available i be assure it would be . when i arrive a few hour later the room type be unavailable . they also have a sign post indicate the water would be off until 3 30pm . i should have receive some sort of notification or get some sort of compensation for this consider the water be not back on until 5 45 or so . when i turn the faucet on the water be brown and disgusting i certainly be not go to get ice or regular water from this establishment.wi fi be incredibly spotty . no password less than zero security . disappointed .
the room be clean and comfortable but the hotel hall etc . be messy and look like they be not clean on a regular basis . the breakfast be a joke . three type of sugary cereal no toast or yogurt .
friend and i go to see a show at ramshead live at the casino . the ramada be perfect for our purpose and the front desk staff be friendly and helpful when we be look to arrange for a cab .
no toilet paper in room upon arrival . air do not work . very hot in room .
staff at front desk very helpful and friendly and helpful with the area information
not good
be not pleased that it rain my stay because i do not have a chance to visit the pool . the food at the grill be really good great turkey club and burger awesome drink ...... need more alcohol but good . shuttle from airport little slow but staff want to make you comfortable .
i get a great rate at this hotel . if i be stay in the area again i would spend the night at this hotel . i m sure i will be back this hotel give great service and a great room .
room have extremely small bed and window be single glaze backing onto busy road so very noisey all night bin be not empty in 3 night stay carpet look really stained and need replace over all hotel need makeover and maintenance job as tap leaky and everything run down
overall it s not bad . great location especially for shopping .
i have stay at many ramada s over the year . this location be very run down . carpet be soil and date . have to call front desk for a tv remote and then get it ourselves . continental breakfast be sadly lacking . even the batter for the waffle seem water down .
i have a late flight in so i be tired when i arrive . the staff be polite and try hard to be accomodate however to start with the remote wold not work so i be tell to come down and get battery this didn t work so they finally get another . the room be dirty the sink leak all over everytime you run water and when try to shower in the morning the water be only lukewarm
although the staff be very accomodate the hotel itself be old need renovation . lobby be gorgeous but the room inconsistent . hot water take 10 15 minute to come to the tap .
the room be spacious . the bed however be hard and uncomfortable as well as the air conditioner be very noisy . the breakfast be almost nonexistant . it be nice to have a service that take you back and forth to the airport .
the room be very nice . even have a microwave as well as fridge . big screen tv . the only negative in my room be the toilet seat . i have to have someone come clean it and they be right on it .
the side door be break and stick open not safe by my standard . there be plastic food storage under my bed skirt . my room be comfortable and a great breakfast start at 4 a.m. which help for early flight .
save your money this be the worst hotel in which i have ever stay we should have just turn around and leave when we pull into the hotel parking lot and see a police cruiser sit out front . the hotel stay go downhill from there . the side lot of the hotel be poorly light and we do not feel safe parking there . there be ant in the shower the linen be rip and the window have a 1 2 inch of dirt on the sill . supply to make a cup of coffee be in the room but there be no coffee maker . we call the front desk to arrange for shuttle to the casino and be tell it would be a 20 minute wait . after 30 minute we walk out to the front desk to find out how much longer it would be . the staff inform us that they have forget to put us on the list for the shuttle ... we would have be wait forever i plug my cellphone in to charge overnight and awoke to find that it have not charge at all ... the outlet have no power supply .
parking lot not clear of snow . path and road very slippery with no salt apply . front desk not helpful . no hot water for shower in morning . other guest have same issue . front desk say there be no hot water problem and then tell it be an old boiler which have issue .
we stay here for 2 night and we choose this hotel base on the review we read on hotels.com . unfortunately the hotel be not what i expect . it be not clean and be very run down and date . the front desk staff member be not pleasant and one of them be downright rude . their free breakfast be definitely a disappointment as it be lack in quality . i suppose since it be free there s not much that i can complain about . the food be tasteless there wasn t enough on hand for all of the guest except for the cereal and the breakfast area be very dirty . i would not stay at this hotel again nor would i recommend it to anyone else .
all new renovate hotel great price . excellent staff a little tough to get to on the back road but well worth it
pigsty . room wasn t clean they claim to only have smoking room available . rowdy drunk till 3 a.m. .
we do not like this hotel . we leave after one night . it be january in dc cold and the heater do not work in the room . we call the person at the front desk but there be no one available to help with this . we call the front desk again for extra blanket which they do bring . we have book a room with two bed and be very specific about this when call for the reservation . when we get to the hotel there be only one bed in the room and no one could help us as the front desk be close only someone there to have out key for late arrival .
location be great for metro board to dc . no one at the front desk at check in or check out . hallways stairwell do not smell good at all . exercise room have no sweat towel or sanitizer towel which we have never see before . room be slightly dirty upon arrival . no room service during the stay . have to ask for extra towel and toilet ... more
the air conditioner in my room be very noisy keep me up have to trun it off and open window . that let in the light and street noise which be quieter than air condioner . bathtub drain plug be break so i have to tak a shower whch i don t like to do . no shampoo or conditioner .
i really hope someone in the hotel group management read this . i will give a little background on the situation . the first part be completely out of the hotel control and i don t blame them for any of it but their part in what happen to me and my mother last night be frankly disgusting . my dad pass away quite ... more
the hotel be ok the guy on the front desk be very nice the room be ok but in the morning i have a few bed bug bite and there be no continental breakfast just protein bar . on top of that upon check out i ask the lady at the front desk for a receipt and she tell me she can t give me one cuz i book the room over the internet but when i check in i sign a paper with the amount and just want a copy of that page but she refuse to give me cuz it be for the hotel use only ... so ridiculous . she wasn t on a mood or something but very rude so if you can find another hotel go there ...
pool elevator laundry room it have everything i need any question the staff have beyond take care of me such hospitality that make you feel at home when you re away . dominique and nounie be incredible manager and have a wonderful crew . thank you all .
perfect location for employee during job .
pillow be uncomfortable spot baby cockroach in kitten . no utensil . so prepare to bring thing you need .
this extended stay accommodation be perfect . the location of the hotel will take you to any point in the dc metropolitan the greatest thing in this hotel be the staff lead by ms . julia hanson takyi general manager . julia be very helpful person . she be outstanding in serve the customer . she always do her best to make the stay comfortable and ... more
i have be come to the dc area on business for the past 6 month and will continue to do so for another 6 month . i usually stay at the homewood suite in springfield however they be completely book for this last stay . this be the first ... and last ... time i will stay at extended stay america in springfield . the hotel literally stink the lobby the elevator and our room have various smell of smoke body odor curry and foot daily housekeeping service be only available if you stay for a week ... unless you want to pay 15 day for it . the towel be hard scratchy and very thin ... and the toilet paper be the same . in our full kitchen we have 1 fork and 3 spoon . the coffee maker be on it s last leg ... and we only have 1 packet of coffee with ancient creamer whose powder be so hard it didn t even melt in the coffee . the continental breakfast be 3 thermo of coffee a basket of apple and stale muffin and be locate on a table right next to the front door which cause a traffic jam with people try to get in out of the hotel in the morning . on a positive note the hotel staff be pleasant the bed be nice and the location be good . otherwise this hotel be definitely not worth the money
the room be dirty it be hair everywhere the counter and table be sticky the shower make a really loud noise when you turn it on just not a good experience
cleanliness of the hotel be spot on . the staff at check in be very helpful . the room be very large and could accommodate my family with comfort and ease . a great stay and a great value .
room be clean and efficient . the efficiency apartment layout be nice . only critique be the faucet on the bathtub drip but i just close the door and it do not bother me . i be too tired at the end of the workday to bother call in maintenance . breakfast be sparse coffee instant oatmeal package muffin and some fruit .
entire hotel smell like an ashtray . the garbage can in the room be full from the previous occupant and no tp in the room . other than that it be just ok .
nice hotel . super friendly staff . close to beach . great breakfast . nice pool and game room . perfect for family . great value .
hotel be great breakfast be good and the staff we re very nice
clean but bed be very uncomfortable . they forget to put a shower curtin on our shower so i have to call management in the morning to get it put on . heater do not put out very hot heat . bed be bad wake up with back pain .
the staff be amazing and helpful . very clean and quiet . room be beautiful . will highly recommend to anyone .
it be a great stay the only problem be that hotels.com book and charge me for two room . i only reserve one room . i be still wait for hotels.com to acknowledge their mistake and refund my account .
stay be good though park a work vehicle be not practical . main parking tight and deck be 7 max height think better height than other on beach .
the room smell of old smoke and room freshener bare essential for the stay ... remote set from the main building with parking unavailable nearby . scary and totally disappointing
it be our marriage anniversary 52nd when the manger hear that they give us a free room upgrade .
the hotel be list as ocean front but there 2 building . the second building be across the street from the ocean . that wouldn t be so bad but our room face out on the old rusting parking structure . you could touch the rust girder from our door . it be very unpleasant i wouldn t stay here again . not at all the standard i would expect from best western .
excellent service great staff i like the complimentary breakfast
our experience with the staff at the hotel be great everyone be very friendly . the room itself be okay . nothing very exciting but it have what we need . it feel a bit worn out . there be a crack in the shower wall . the safe in the room be quite hard to open because the lock itself be wear . the door to the balcony be hard to lock unlock for the same reason the ac be very loud but it do keep us nice cool . the pillow on the bed be strange instead of your normal sized pillow they be all about the size of a couch throw pillow about 4 5 on a bed they be very thick roundish . too hard on the neck the location be terrific though it be nice to have a free breakfast every morning . the breakfast bar include juice tea coffee milk . there be cereal french toast grit sausage egg pastrie fruit yogurt toast english muffin etc . you win t go away hungry the indoor pool be like a sauna . a bit too warm for us . the outdoor pool be very nice just across the room . there be park right in front of the hotel or across the street in back of the outdoor pool . it be in walk distance of shop restaurant . it s also about an hour away from busch gardens . there be a great ice cream place right across from the hotel call sweet frog . awesome but a bit on the expensive side . a great treat though . the best thing be the beach so it be well worth it to get an oceanside balcony .
room be across street from ocean . it s confuse so be careful when you book . i book non ocean view but didn t think that mean i have to cross street . i think there be some non ocean view room on the side of ocean but not sure . it wasn t a big deal though as it be a small walk .
be a good time . housekeeping miss us one day but we re quick to come when we call about it.would stay again
the room need some update . the bathroom be very small and the exhaust fan be very loud in the bathroom .
the only complaint that i have be that the indoor pool be out of service for a day and half which wasn t good for the kid . our balcony door stick really really bad the light in the bathroom be also the fan so you can t be in there without the fan go . hard to hear what be go on in the room with the loud noise run all the time .
the room be a little small but be right on the beach with a large balcony . it have a fridge and a microwave . the non oceanfront room be across the street as be the outdoor pool and additional parking . the free breakfast be good and open until 10 00 . everything be clean
come for a sporting event . hotel be old and dated but clean . they be in the middle of renovate it .
when we check in the desk clerk be very very nice and helpful the room be very clean and i have request a room no higher than 3rd floor and they very nicely accomodate my request the pool be wonderful and the buffet breakfast be awesome the food be hot and delicious i will definitely stay at this motel again on my future visit to va beach
beware when you book online they show you picture of main building and facility . i book the room fully aware that it be not a oceanfront room and book a west side and room with a view . it never mention anywhere in the description that west side mean across the street in a inn like property completely separate from main building . room be not good either with a tiny bath more like 2 star . and as for room with a view i get a nice view of step and parking garage 5 foot away from door . talk to hotel staff be not helpful either as they offer to upgrade me to oceanfront room for an additional 50 night . the hotel should not be allow to advertise those room as 3 star and put clearly in description what the west side mean . never again
great location view ammenitie but hotel be not clean older hotel room small elevator slow staff not that friendly tv do not work till we get it fix ac do not work well .
decent hotel . not dirty . simple . good part of strip .
great
the staff be very friendly the room be clean and a decent size for va beach . it be off season but everything be still fine . i think they be renovate the other side of the building but our side be business as usual . the heated pool be a bonus
bw have an annex it s on the far side of the street . we have a roach and a broken air conditioner the first day . have to repack and move to another room on the third day in 103 degree the elevator break . we re 75 and our new room be on the third floor all outside surface be cover w tar rather than repave . it s peal and look very shabby . only four umbrella at the outdoor pool for over 100 guest we have stay in the main bldg . before and be very disappointed to be across the street .
staff be friendly and helpful.great location not enough parking . parking garage be really tight for large vehicle . heated indoor pool be cold . bed be small not very comfortable pillow be terrible . food in the restaurant be good but continental breakfast be not good at all .
hand down definitely the worst best western i ve stay don t know if previous people or clean person leave balcony door open but the room have at least 5 mosquito buzz around fortunately i manage to get 3 . a slight musty odor like a old wet towel throughout room . luckily we only stay 1 night if it weren t for the ocean view we would have literately fight for money back so if your on a budget this be it
it be not bad my room be beside the pool and a lot if noise short stay would be ok .
it need to be renovate .
hotel outdoor pool look much larger on the website and appear to be oceanfront . the room be somewhat smaller and from the orbitz website it look like the room would be separate into 2 area 1 bedroom 1 tv dining area w couch . apparently those room be only available across the street from the ocean .
great room . very clean and comfortable great ocean view
stay from monday thru friday and the last couple day be not very pleasant . staff be very friendly and i always feel welcome thursday house keeping be awful . i ask for clean bathroom towel everyday and they give me dirty bathroom towel they also give me a dirty pillow case have to call the front desk two time . be tell i have to wait to get new clean bathroom towel and pillow case because they be in the washer . this be at 5 p.m. in the afternoon . thankfully alex who work at the front desk be very nice and bring up new towel and pillow case . he be also very apologetic . friday my bed be not fix and house keeping just drop the towel off without do anything in the hotel room .
this best western be locate on the beach . some con be the parking in front of the hotel be quite tight and space limited and the pool be locate across the street there be also a parking garage across the street . this hotel be locate where you can walk to some restaurant and beach shop but it s also a bit away from the heart of thing as well . the free continental breakfast be adequate have hot cold choice a couple fruit juice coffee milk and some fresh apple and orange to offer . the hotel staff be amazingly nice and accommodate go above and beyond in my opinion . this isn t the newest of hotel with age decor and a semi cold fridge in my room but the price and location be perfect for this trip
i enjoy our stay at best weatern plus oceanfront
really nice room ... comfortable king bed great ocean view from balcony on 5th floor . bathroom be little tight to go in shut door . love the afternoonsunshine come in through glass in hallway lead to room . access to boardwalk beach be quick easy . the breakfast be way more than continental delish . price be decent since it be off season that s when we choose to stay overnight most anywhere . we would def stay there again
nice
hotel be nice clean .... bathroom vent be extremely loud annoying and patio door be very hard to open and unlock . but overall stay be good
business as usual . nothing special about this hotel except its location . it need a major facelift .
i be not expect a room with outside access . i would not have stay there if i have know what to expect . the description list the room as not ocean front . it should have state it be in a separate building and that it be motel style . air conditioner be locate directly below the thermostat and there be one air conditioner and thermostat for both room section in the suite . could not maintain a comfortable temperature .
very convenient good breakfast plenty of parking . would definitely stay there again .
over night stay on business room be in good shape a lot of newness and clean breakfast be ok could use a waffle machine some food in buffet could be fresher .
a coworker i go to see the jimmy buffett concert . just stay the night but have a gorgeous oceanfront room . hotel be pretty full but quiet . free hot continental breakfast be good lot of choice . would definitely stay again especially when the weather be warmer not so windy
love the customer service . kudo to dawn for make our anniversary extra special in the oceanfront room . great place within easy walk distance of catch 31 and sushi . will definitely stay here again
hotel room be nice . my only complaint be no extra bedding readily available in room closet as i be use to at other hotel and the restaurant inside of hotel be over price for the limited amount of food option it have .
the hotel be great the check in out be quick and simple . the employee at every level be very courteous . the restaurant in the hotel have great food . room be very clean and have a great view of the ocean . the amenity be great . the hotel be locate near great shopping and seafood restaurant . i will stay here again for all of my future vacation to virginia beach .
perfect location . very nice room . great include breakfast . very helpful competent and friendly staff . will visit again .
this hotel be absolutely wonderful . i be a little leary at first but i be happily surprised when i walk into the lobby . everyone be very pleasant and helpful .... except for the concierge the evening we arrive . he be super annoying and keep bug us to talk to him for idea of thing to do . our room be spacious and clean . our room be break into two area ... a bedroom and a living room both of which have tv . we be extremely pleased with our stay and would highly recommend this hotel .
wife and i want to stay in a hotel on the beach with smoking accomodation inside the room . we find this hotel to not only be comfortable but very very clean and spacious . it remind us of our stay in the residence inn in california . would definately recommend to other in this location .
it be awesome they be friendly and the cleaning be above and beyond . friendly personel exelent location . exeptional overall value . i will be back
love it
very easy to find . close to beach and activity . great breakfast . would return again . beach nice and clean .
this hotel be really great i have read many review of hotel in the area before booking and this one be a winner in most category and i can see why the room be excellent very clean very modern very nice . the only reason i go down on the comfort be that i find the bed to be a little hard for my liking but i have back issue so that could be why . the staff be amazing . i end up become very ill and they be very accommodating and empathetic and that be greatly appreciate . the breakfast be excellent a good spread with many option . the pool and hot tub be nice especially in the evening . the location be directly on the beach and the balcony allow for a fantastic view even when you be lie ill on the couch . i would most definitely stay here again and it be an excellent price make it that much better
quiet and peaceful surround neighborhood during off season friendly staff clean spacious room and balcony with view of the beach .
hotel be right off of the main highway into va beach so it s very quick to get in and out . it be right by the boardwalk as well within walk distance of the pier . so overall i love the location the room be small and divide into two section living area with pull out couch or another queen bed depend on room selection and bedroom . i do not like the bedroom be by the hallway the wall isn t thin but you can still hear people at night . the bathroom be nicely renovate recently which be a big plus . wife and kid love the balcony face the ocean we enjoy watch the beach at dusk . overall we have a very pleasant 3 night stay at this comfort inn and will definitely book it for next year s trip back to va beach .
ask for disabled room on bottom floor . book through expedia never again . put on 2nd floor only 1 of the elevator go to 2nd.told by staff to send other elevator to top floor so we could get the correct one to open . ice machine not on our floor . room be old and smell musty .
the hotel be strategically locate near the coliseum . it be surround by lot of food shopping post office banking etc . it be also very easy to get to langley afb 64 etc . there seem to be a lot of late night activity on the main drive but very little of that spill back to this hotel . it be a great alternative to try to secure a short term lease but it be like live on your own . the weekly housekeeping be good but it be only weekly .
the room be not tidy the customer service be horrible we could not stay the second night . have to leave because the hotel service and cleanliness and no hot water
the worst breakfast of any hotel i ve ever stay at . we have to go out every morning for breakfast . room have dog food pellet on the floor . poor cleaning of room . the volume control of the tv didn t work . the hall way to our room be extremely cold . i will never stay at an extended stay hotel ever again . also no pool .
terrible . weak wifi . room wasn t ready until 7 p.m. . short staffed i guess . tv have a big scratch in it . iron be break .
there weren t enough towel and washcloth place in the room before our arrival . when i ask for two more they only have one washcloth the other washcloth and towel have yet to be wash . they didn t have food available for the grab go breakfast initially but the manager pull something together eventually . the staff be very nice however and the hotel be very convenient to dine shopping and touring .
we request 4 non smoking room . when we check in we only have 2 non smoking and the hotel be sell out . my of thr room we have to kill a roach . another room i be personally bite up from some type of black bug . they treat my room and offer to move me to there other location which be an inconvenience . the carpet in all of our room be dirty and mine be dirty and torn . one of the room have a 90 dollar charge under other which the hotel could not explain so they remove it . and when they be check my bed to see what be bite me it be particular on the box spring that do not belong to me . so how be that possible if they have put on new linen prior to me come . i would not recommend this hotel nor would i return . they do give me two night comp stay for another location for my trouble but i do not beleive it be enough .
me and my girlfriend be just look for a random hotel to stay in since she live in north carolina i stay in virginia come across this for a gud price book it enjoy our little weekend together love the kitchen and the water n the shower be not cold have no problem that be not fixable it be a nice comfortable stay
from book reservation out of state to check in to breakfast the reception we experience by the staff be heart warming and genuine . hampton inn go beyond any expectation we have during our stay .
perfect location to get to merriweather ton of food option across the street . staff be helpful .
we stay at this hotel every time we come to columbia . it have a great location great service and overall just a nice place to stay .
great room great staff would recommend to anyone stay in that area .
all new amenity and great free breakfast quiet location very clean very nice and friendly staff definitely will stay there again
nous avon eu un superbe sejour la decoration la proprete le dejeuner la piscine tout y etait pour faire plaisir a une jeune famille en transit .
great . the only problem be the wifi connection .
great location and a very friendly helpful staff . immaculate room and hotel with all the amenity one could ask for . the morning breakfast change its entree every morning and the coffee be delicious and available all day . the housekeeping staff be very thorough and the room be beautiful . i would highly recommend this hampton inn to anyone look for location and an extremely clean and well appoint place to stay at a very affordable price . this will be our go to hotel whenever we visit family in maryland .
floor in lobby need to be clean and wax no ac in the elevator or hallway transient lady ask me for money in the lobby
comfortable room continental breakfast be terrible though .
we just stay one night but my boyfriend say there be an odor when he first go in . it wasn t a bad hotel . it just need to updating .
it be a bad experience for me . the first room i check into the ceiling have water stain the shower wall be dirty and the final straw be when i pull back the cover and what do i see a caterpillar crawling in my bed . i be so disgusted when i see that and when i call the front desk they tell me i have to come down to switch room because they have one person on duty . so they put me in another room and there that have water stain in the ceiling and the toilet seat have stain on it and the room door have water stain on it . it be 1 in the morning and i be exhaust so i stay that night but when i wake up i have bite all over my back so with that i check out early and go to another hotel .
the looby of the area be very busy . only one clerk at desk . take awhile to check in . however the room be nice . the bed comfortable . nice restaurant in walk distance . i would stay there again .
it be great have a reasonable breakfast could improve on breakfast menu
i have always love this hotel . besides be close to the highway for easy assess to all the area attraction . it be tuck away for peace of mind .
this be a very nice property for tourist but business traveler should look elsewhere . the internet service be very poor . so if you have to work in your room at night and require internet access this will not be a good choice for you . also i have never be to a hotel that do not get nbc on the tv one of the major network . i be go to inform the management of my concern but when i check out no one ask me how be your stay so i didn t bother .
hotel confortavel porem com algumas instalacoes antigas . no lobby e corredore muito bem arrumado porem ao entrar no quarto sentimos um cheiro desagradavel . me pareceu filtro do ar condicionado sujo . o banheiro estava limpo assim como as toalhas e lencois . em fim para a regiao de washington bom custo beneficio .
i stay here with my family and the facility be outdate the entrance smell horrible . they didn t have an hdmi port for the tv no extra comforter the bed be a little uncomfortable
please look at google review for true review
the hotel itself be nice and fairly clean . however book the hotel month ago and when we arrive which be late and after 12 a.m. we be tell that our twin room be not available they have sell it and we could have a double room with 1 bed . they be go to put up a portable bed but take them a while to find it . we be offer to go to other hotel but they be fully book too . the hotel change the room the follow night but no compensation apart from a free drink which we have to fight for as well be offer .
this hotel be exceptionally price for what it offer e.g. complimentary breakfast well equip fitness center wireless internet but the price be due to its terrible location and accessibility . very friendly staff too but get there safely be the challenge .
staff be very friendly and helpful . hotel be extremely clean and well lay out . room be very spacious . could use a little more lighting in the room . in a nice area and very close to university of maryland college park .
i stay at this hotel for 2 night . the room be small and have a smell that can not be describe . the breakfast that be include be not the greatest .
i spend two night at the metro points hotel . the hotel guest be somewhat in some of term be seem to be helpful . the reason i take point off because breakfast food be awful . the chef use pre package on most of the buffet food . the hospitality of the service be very negative . 10 charge for use microwave be ridiculous there be no another way to heat up my food from take out place . not the best family hotel to book it . probably more for last minute business trip . .
como otra vece en este hotel . tranquila y comoda a pesar de la lejania y largo viaje en metro . caminar desde la ultima estacion de metro hasta el hotel se hace agradable y cerca de alli hay lugare para comer . si no te gusta caminar tienen shuttle bus y vas y vienes en el . diversidad de opciones de comida . el precio es una buena razon para esto . es barato a pesar de la temporada .
we stay here one night due to travel for an eagle game . for the money not a bad deal .
the housekeeper be so loud that when take a nap with my do not disturb sign out they be yell outside often door so loudly that i hear them over the hum of the heater and tv on low that i have on to ironically drown out noise . when i call to complain that the housekeeper be yell down the hall at each other the staff just laugh and say sorry . also upon check out there be there cop car at the hotel and one cop at the front desk discuss an incident . didn t make me feel safe .
expedia and i the purchase of service not render and pay for .. hummm what do you think i buy insurance from expedia what a joke you guy be funny not so much
bonne impression en general personnel courtois et polis.point a ameliorer eclairage de chambres qui est faible la nuit .
part of the hotel look great and update but the room need a major renovation . carpet be dirty and wrinkle could trip on it and the bathroom be dingy white enamel break off on bathtub toilet paper holder come off the wall dirty shower curtain etc . but the bed be relatively comfy and the hotel quiet when we stay there . complimentary shuttle to metro station be very convenient . staff be not very friendly and we could not order anything at the bar because there wasn t anyone there bartender at some point be eat nearby in the lobby but do not acknowledge us and at other time the bar be empty .
the experience be ok . it be nice hotel . staff be pleasant .
everyone be very friendly . the breakfast be outstanding this be where our family always stay whenever we be in the washington d. c. area .
the facility be nice and have a great lobby and bar for happy hour event . enjoy my stay which be nice and quiet . the renovate room be very comfortable .
give the location of the hotel it wasn t a bad stay . i know the name on the outside have change a few time but the interior hasn t change much at all .. the over night desk clerk mumble when he speak make my late night check in that much more agonising . the maintenance housekeeping crew be overly polite and courteous love it . the front desk clerk and manager both over night and day shift need to take a page from their fellow employee book on manner .
when i look at the picture i think that i have an excellent deal at hand but it turn out to be a total let down ... this hotel be not even worth compare to a motel6 or super8 . it be run down and shabby . will not stay here ever .
only complaint be the room get very hot during the night because the thermostat be not work properly . have stay at this location before and do not have any problem with heating or cooling .
this hotel be a good value . the room be clean and comfortable and mine be newly upgrade . the hotel staff be courteous and helpful . the only real issue be the noise ... constant hammering that seem as though it be in the room next to me . also the hot water in my bathroom do not function so i end up take a cold shower . needless to say the noise and lack of hot water make for a disappointing stay from the standpoint of comfort . still a good value with easy parking and not too far from either dc or baltimore if you be visit .
the bed be break there be no hot water nd when i ask for another room they say no
book through online site and they get my name wrong over the phone but that wasn t the hotel fault . it wasn t the worst place i have stay at all . a few problem though . the internet do not work in the room or the lobby on any of our device ipod ipad laptop nothing . do use the computer in the business center . they advertise a breakfast buffet in the lounge but it wasn t represent well with that title . consist of egg waffle premade cereal toast so i be a little disappointed . the shuttle pick us up at the metro 15 minute late after i call twice . otherwise the staff be friendly and the room be clean .
very lousy front desk
es un excelente hotel . las habitaciones son muy bonitas y el desayuno es muy bueno . desde la estacion del metro en new carrollton a menos de 4 minutos del hotel en carro nos tardamos menos de 25 minutos en llegar a la estacion del metro smithsonian . recomendado 100 n
i be very uncomfortable after see ant in my room and the tub acrylic be chip away ... this stay be not sanitary we move to another room but my comfort level be go i just feel dirty i expect a better stay for the price i pay .
location be great for all budget shopper and easy access to interstates highway . breakfast be awesome
there be a free breakfast buffet but the hotel do not let us know the hour of it . when we show up at 9 32 they say it close at 9 30 . we reserve a king sized bed and get a room with two double . they tell us we be not guarantee the bed choice that we want . there be no restaurant lounge or bar as it say on the website . the shuttle be good to use and run pretty much every 30 minute up to 4 30 ish . if you need to return to the hotel after 10 10 when the shuttle stop take a taxi . the cost be 7.50 and it be worth it . the nearest metro station be too far from d.c . next time i will stay at the virginian suite in arlington again .
l hotel e a 20 minuti da washington ma si raggiunge facilmente grazie ad una superstrada e il prezzo e molto conveniente rispetto alle grandi catene presenti in citta .
i need a clean comfortable room at the last minute due to my being call back to work at the last minute and the metro point fit the bill . special thank to lavere front desk for his professionalism kindness .
heater be blow cool air in morning . some thing in the room seem shoddy or unfinished like sprinkler wall around the light switch and when you first enter one of the lightswitche that i believe be mean to turn on the lamp do nothing . also we be only there one nite but in that time our room key both get deactivate . we be very pleased with complimentary breakfast offering except that there be cream cheese but no bagel and the type of milk be not label .
we pay for a 150.00 room but put in a room which be 75.00 . i check the room because my sister stay in the 75.00 room which be exactly the same as ours . we be rip off . the two bed in room be very small my husband and i couldn t sleep on the same bed . one of us sleep on the couch which be uncomfortable too . no more
the best part of the stay at metro point besides check out be the staff . i commend them for work in such deplorable condition . i be extremely disappointed . from the outside peer through the window the hotel be beautiful . when i enter i be meet by stained carpet and dirty wall . although check in be easy kudo to mr . davis who work hard to accommodate me . however he could not fix the peel paint the spotty drape the snowy picture the no wifi the entire time i be there the sink with no running water and the tub with no knob . this hotel have the potential to be very good . management can not be oblivious to all the defect . management need to get it together . it s the little thing that keep customer or drive them away . i drive away with no intention of ever return .
fanatic
pro clean and comfortable good housekeeping fast and free wi fi great complementary english style breakfast with lot of hot food such as sausage pancake egg english muffin etc . next door to a supermarket con commute to washington by car can be a nightmare during morning rush hour take more than an hour to get there even though it be only about 20 km location a little ghetto with non guest hang around the hotel front door and lobby
the suite be nice and roomy however the carpet in the whole hotel be dirty but staff be clean the hall carpet before my departure . the shower door be off track and the sink in the kitchen stop up but staff remedie the problem . the hotel be in a very good location and be accessible to metro and the highway .
the stay be pleasant but some of the staff do not seem to be knowledgable about the hotel s policy and billing . only one person be really helpful .
the main lobby and dining area be clean . the room be musty and damp . the floor on one side of the bed be damp and sticky . breakfast be alright no healthy option but it be fine .
check in be speedy . everything be clean . room be comfy . the breakfast be a little average but overall everything be fine .
want to charge extra for everything . micro wave refrigirator and glass of water . have to wait 15 minute to get hot water . also another 15 minute to bath tub water to drain . we book all most 25 room all the same story with bath tub .
there for a week and every day every staff member be very helpfull . they have a shuttle to the metro station and the driver be very nice . they even give us their cell to call them so we win t have to wait . the clean crew be always helful and friendy . the room be super and the bed be really good . breakfast be good and you have the convenience of a 7eleven across the street to pack some water and snack for the day . for shure we will be back to this great hotel . thank you
we be a famaily of 4 . great hotel . the lobby and the room be top class . almost like a luxury hotel . breakfast be include in the price . excellent breakfast . very happy to choose this one . will come back next time .
excelente hotel buena atencion y la ubicacion buena lo unico que falta para que sea completo el hotel es que tenga una nevera ejecutiva . del resto excelente .
easy to washington
to noisey other guest be to loud kid run up and down hallway . after come back to room from be out all day room smell like weed come from room next door . room above the bathroom when guest would take shower you can hear the water drop on our ceiling cause a large water stain on ceiling . to expensive for that stay with all problem .
not only do the shower for my room not have hot water so they give me another room but still it be inconvenient when i be rush to catch a train but the new room they assign me to have extremely hot water run in the toilet i could tell by the steam and intense heat come from the toilet after flush . the hotel definitely have be very well refurbish and the condition of everything be of high quality except that it doesn t seem they ve work out all of their plumbing detail yet .
the hotel be just okay . they be under construction and the location have quite a bit of road noise . the room i be in have and older bed and the bathroom could have use some updating . one good thing be the bathroom be clean .
very tired hotel . floor be cement hard cover with a thin rug no pad underneath .
my experience be good the staff be helpful professional and happy to help . the hotel be old though the hotel have do a nice job on keep it up but the room really show their age .
the internet be break for one night the staff be not helpful and almost rude the toilet also borke totally not good experience
the hotel be clean and the imenitie meet my need .
no hubo agua caliente ninguna de las 3 noche que nos hospedamos . nos quejamos reiteradamente con el gerente y no brindo ninguna solucion .
this place be a dump . the room be not clean . the bed be smaller than a normal double bed . the sheet and blanket have cigarette burn in them . the mattress in my room have be tear open with the spring expose . the room all have terrible perfume smell . only a few channel on the tv work some don t have sound . the ice machine be full of mold . the overall area that the hotel be in a bad place . when the police be constantly outside in the parking lot it s a sign not to stay there .
the lobby be very nice but that be about it . the room be not at all what you would expect from the description . i have to deodorize the room due to a strange odor it wasn t horrible but unpleasant . the bed be not comfortable but be semi clean other than a well wear sheet . the ac do work very well and the the tv be a recent upgrade too bad the hotel only have 5 channel to choose from . overall i be disappointed with the room and i be thankful i only stay a single night . i would not stay there again and probably would not stay in a hotel in the surround area either .
the staff be very professional and helpful . the room s be very modern and clean . i be very please with the complimentary continental breakfast of eggs fruit orange juice french toast and waffle and coffee . i would highly recommend this establishment .
in addition to have to ask to be move three time after see the initial condition of the room i be assign something i have never do in nearly 100 hotel i have stay at they carpet be so dirty i refuse to take off my sock the nightstand have a sticky substance on the surface and in the drawer the furniture be old wear and dirty the staff be not terribly helpful and the neighborhood be in an economically depressed area and i do not feel completely safe at night be a single woman travel alone . there be multiple sign in the parking lot warning that the hotel be not responsible for any damage or theft and i be worried about my car be break into . only pro just off the highway and one of the nicest hotel gym i ve ever see . even so i will never stay here again if i hadn t already pay in advance through hotels.com i would have leave immediately .
the worst experience in my life please never go close to tis hotel ughhhhh nasty room smell bad
if i know how far away and the sketchy neighborhood this hotel be i never would have stay there . there be nothing but fast food in the area and walk after dark be questionable . the room smell of clean chemical the wireless service be weak and maintenance do not come when call . no hairdryer have to call the desk for one . toilet paper holder fall off wall . they do a good job make this hotel look good in the picture but it be run down . the van do come when they say it would but be prepare to wait a long half hour if you miss it .
it be wonder i have a great time food be great
everybody from the front desk to those that clean the room do a fantastic job of make our stay very enjoyable . thank to all of them .
good hotel for the price . good room with nice view unsafe location that s why there be a shuttle from the hotel to the 15 minute walk subway station . very very basic and boring breakfast egg potato waffle tea coffee .
overall very excellent . no negative all positive . i think for the price you can t go wrong . also it be a quiet atmosphere .
me parecio un excelente hotel a pesar de estar lejos de washington es muy facil llegar alli el shuttle te lleva a la estacion del tren y en 20 minutos estas en el centro de washington el personal es muy amable y aunque no todos hablan ingle hacen lo posible por entender y hacerse entender . el senor del shuttle habla espanol y es muy amable . el desayuno es agradable y variado . en general es un hotel recomendado para pasar unos dias descansar y visitar la ciudad .
great location close to where i need to do business . service so so and hotel barely accerptable . i need hotel accomodation for 3 week . if the metro have be acceptable i would have stay the entire time . instead i choose to stay at another hotel in greenbelt holiday inn one exit away . just as great a location and much better service and accomodation . price be about the same .
first on all sam the shuttle driver be great i can not say enough about him . to get to the hotel you must call for the shuttle to guarantee they will arrive at their schedule time or take a taxi which should cost you 5 . we be burn upon arrival with a 10 fee while he stay on his mobile phone . turn out the hotel be a quick 3 to 4 minute ride . the hotel be definitely too far to walk and neighborhood between metro and hotel be a bit sketchy with the apartment but the hotel be in a descant and quiet area . the check in staff do not seem too friendly nor helpful when ask about surround area . once we get to know sam everything become better . he make sure we get get to metro station which be very convenient on time and inquire when we would return . he be there wait hotel be do some remodeling but do not effect your stay . thank again sam
metro point hotel provide wonderful service for a very reasonable price . they even offer a convenient shuttle service to and from the nearest metro station at no extra charge . every staff member be helpful and pleasant .
the hotel be clean and in good repair for the most part . the internet be sketchy and do not work for the first night . the availability of wireless be the reason i choose this hotel this be quite bothersome . it be kind of a ride to dc though not terrible . the shuttle service pick us up from the train be late despite numerous call . some of the customer service be better than other just depend who you talk to . the surround area leave something to be desire . in the end it be not terrible but it be not great either .
book a room last min under promotion . come with free breakfast . nice hotel .
it be true that you get what you pay for the hotel staff be very friendly but the first issue be with the ac the hallway be like a oven they only have 2 window ac unit on each end of the hallway when you come out of your elevator or room it be like you be get into a sauna very uncomfortable the water pressure be very poor it be like you take a shower with a medicine dropper and if somebody flush the toilet the water be go until the toilet tank stop refill the drain in the bath tub be plug need to call maintenance to fix it and for last when you check in they tell you that breakfast have one type of meat in a daily basis bacon or sausage on my 4 day stay not even one day the meat appear . i can say this be the worst hotel i stay on the last few year i travel . do not recommend this hotel not even for the cheap price .
book this hotel due to proximity to fedex field only to realize it be 40 min by metro . it would have be better to stay at a nicer hotel in a better area and take the metro from there . when i ask if i could walk back from the metro after the game reception tell me it may be better to run with the watch you re wear .
the hotel be very good i didn t have any problem . the staff be very friendly and helpful .
have a wonderful time here and i will be come back the room be very nice it s locate perfectly close to everything and the staff accommodate your need to the best of their ability
staff be rude hotel be dirty no hot water questionable neighborhood . be one of the worst hotel i have visit . the low rate be not low enough . would not recommend under any circumstance . pay the extra fifty dollar a night and stay at the courtyard .
room be decent for a night s stay . i ve stay in a cleaner room a few week earlier . perhaps the last room be slightly more updated as well . staff be always so nice and helpful .
this be the best in that price i ve ever have . we stay in room 807 the room be big clean and comfortable everything be good for us .
we make a reservation for a king room . upon checkin we be give a key to a 9th floor room . to our surprise when we open the door it be a room with two bed . back to the lobby we go to inform the staff and be move to another room . the next room we be give be on the 5th floor . upon enter the tv be on one of the two again bed be unmade . carry all of our luggage back down to the front desk again to be move . we be then upgrade to a suite in the seventh floor which satisfy me and make me much less angry . the room be very clean and a great size . when we go to the simon area at night to eat we stand at the deal for ten minute while the staff only look at us . i finally walk over to someone and ask about eat and they inform me they be close in 3 minute . would have be nice if one of the waitress come over to inform us they be close instead of just look at us stand there wait to be seat .
part of hotel be under renovation it be also noisy . not a good bargain .
right off the interstate over price for the room and their current condition . rug in the room stain and room smell moldy . check out early ....
i be highly disappointed this time around . this be my second time stay at this hotel and i do not like anything about our room . the 1st time we stay here the room and price be great so we decide to stay again . we want a jacuzzi and we be tell in the room description that we would have one but instead when we get to the room we have a regular jetted tub that do not work at all . we pay double for a room expect something spectacular and we get nothing . the breakfast be okay but it be so congested that you really could not enjoy your meal . unfortunately we will not be stay at this hotel again .
work out perfect for our sightseeing in dc .
love this hotel . the staff be wonderful . there be a complimentary shuttle to take you to the subway . we be there to visit washington which be only a 35 minute ride so we do not have to drive our car . the complimentary breakfast be great with lot of choice .
it be very nice i enjoy myself
adorei recomendo a todos apesar de nao ficar em washington fica muito perto o que facilitou muito para conhecermos a capital com um custo de hotel do interior .
good location room nice and near good place to eat .
my experience be wonderful will look forward to book it again in the future . the room be just what i be expect for and the staff be very friendly and attentively .
i have to change my from because room 610 tub look like it be paint on the inside . the hotel serve it purpose for an overnight stay .. no 4 or 5 .overall decent for 1 night .
everyone be great . very close to the metro .
i be concerned about the location because of the review but it be a nice area . far of course from the point of interest but if you want to stay right next to rhe white house you have to pay the price . very eficient staff very clean room . i just hate the restaurant . the waitress be very slow the food be not so bad but when it finally get to our table it be already cold . i would rather go to mcdonald s.
our room smell like cigarette and it be dingy thankfully the manager be willing to give us a new room and upgrade to a suite . i think all the carpet need to be replace in all the room . this place should be categorize as a motel not a hotel . staff be nice though .
need a good value hotel . this turn out to be perfect . heavily book but it do not affect customer service from the employee i have contact with .
not in the greatest area but can not complain about the price per night . hotel have be renovate but have thin wall and have shaire door with the room next door cause lot of the sound to come from underneath . the door be sturdy and solid but make a lot of noise when they close . hotel be very close to the amtrak and metro station shuttles arive 10 min late but be available
i be a little worried by some of the review i read that state the staff be rude and the hotel be in disrepair but the price be amazing so we go ahead and book .... and i m so glad we do the staff be incredibly friendly and helpful and i m from the south so i know friendly . the hotel have normal wear and tear but be very clean and nicely furnish . some people may not like that the microwave and fridge be extra would have be nice to have but we wouldn t have use either so it didn t bother us . bed be very comfortable and room be large enough to lounge in the evening after a long day . the free shuttle service be great . the metro subway be farther away than list . the site state 1 4 mi but it s closer to 3 4 or 1mi . we have no problem walk it during the day . if this be your first visit be sure to ask specifically where the shuttle will pick up . we be on the wrong side and miss it the first time . if you exit the metro up the escalator go out and to the left up the step to where there be several bus stop . if you exit to the right near the greyhound stop and a several story parking garage you re on the wrong side . the shuttle driver be very nice and happy to give direction and tip . once you re on the metro a 20min ride get you into the city . definitely worth it to save hundred on a hotel room . there be several restaurant right outside the hotel and several more within 1 4 1 2mi walk . there be also some smaller shopping place if you forget any necessity . we would definitely recommend this hotel and will definitely return if we re ever back in the dc area .
the hotel would not . the hair dryer be break . the cable be out in the area . however when we caller for service they come to repair the toilet and the hairdryer right away .
comfortable clean and affordable
don t believe the negative review we stay at this hotel for four night and look forward to come home each night . my girlfriend use to work at a hotel and she think the room be typical of hotel cost 50 more a night . clean room comfy bed nice bathroom friendly staff and free shuttle to the metro which be half a mile away take about 20 min to ride to capitol . we hear sound from neighbor room only once and the noise be faint . only complaint be the room service it take 75 minute to arrive but they give it to us free . read other review we be a little worried about the neighborhood . don t be . yes it s not the best part of town but those who call it a ghetto be way off . we walk to the metro once and back at night and we always feel safe . this be a great way to see dc and not spend a ton at a downtown hotel .
the staff be extremely helpful . they offer direction and even a weather report for us during our stay . the room be very comfortable and well stock with towel . breakfast be simple but very satisfying . it be only open for about 2 hour . it have be update and i really like the improvement . you can tell that the owner and staffer care about their property and it shine through . i would absolutely stay here again . very reasonable and a perfect location . less then a minute from i 95 .
on monday while watch a news program the light go off . i wait 10mins nothing happen and i call the front desk and i be tell something like light go out in the entire new carrollton area . that be not their fault but not to have adequate preparation and provision in case of such occurrence be unacceptable . i be unaware when the back up power come up because my room never have light until the new carrollton light come back . business should be business . i pay for a full service not spend some moment in darkness . thank you .
this hotel be outside of dc but its shuttle go directly to the metro which go directly to site in dc . everyone on the staff be helpful and friendly . breakfast be serve start at 6 30am which allow us to depart early each day . we would stay here again .
it be very nice . the staff be professional and friendly . the free breakfast be a nice treat .
this may be the best motel i have ever stay in . my wife still want to go back so we can sleep in the bed again . very nice
have a 7 30am tour of the white house and want to be near public transportation new carrolton station . metro point fit the bill and be recently renovate . a good price from expedia seal the deal for us . upon arrival we find the staff to be helpful and friendly . the two adjoin room be clean and well appoint . local amenity offer a wide choice of restaurant and a local ihop be open 24x7 to support our early morning breakfast and travel need . metropoint even provide a 15 discount . we would definitely stay again .
clean room and public area update color and design . good full american breakfast scramble egg be very fluffy not soggy and runny . a 5 glass of wine at the lobby bar be extremely reasonable . hotel have several motorcoach group there but the front desk seem to process their check in check out very efficiently . all staff very courteous and friendly . hotel shuttle run to the metro stop so you can easily get into d.c . without drive . i d stay here again .
this site be very nice . it s close to the interstate and close to dc . you win t be disappoint .
very good experience . but the staff manner nee improve .
the hotel be nice . new renovation the breakfast be very very good and the room be clean . the shuttle to the metro be great . the front desk worker be not nice and unprofessional . seem like they hate their job . they also take 100 out for a security deposit . they say i will get it back within 17 business day . the location be sketchy . do not walk at night . really nothing to do around that area unless you have a car or hope onto the metro .
the hotel have a convenient location right outside of the interstate and 5 minute from the metro station . the front desk people be okay but it seem like they be always in a hurry from check in check out or even just ask a question . the breakfast be great it be a hot breakfast not just bagel and hotcake . we have egg grit sausage and such . the cleaning lady be awesome every time we get back to the hotel after lunch our room be already make and our towel change . the shuttle driver sam be awesome too he make the drive to the metro very fun and be very helpful . again if not for the front desk people this hotel would be great
o hotel e meio longe do centro de washington mas valeu pelo conforto e pelo preco . o hotel oferece um transporte para ida e volta para o metro para compensar a distancia gostei
hotel definitely need update . worn carpet everywhere filthy evelator door . staff be rude not pleasant at all except nice lady that work in the restaurant . the shuttle experience be the worst i ever experience driver the one who walk with a limp never greet anyone be never on time .
muy buen hotel
my stay be surprisingly wonderful except they didn t mention any charge at check in after the bill be pay for ahead of time . if they re go to charge customer after they ve already pay ahead of time then they should at least give the customer the common decency and respect to advise them of such action . people don t like surprise charge and no legit reason .
i be expect a more welcoming attitude from the reception . some of them be nice but there be one guy who be very serious and never smile . i didn t understand if he have a bad time or this be simply his personality . the floor i stay on have a little bit of unfresh air on the entrance . i stay before and room condition be better . also one time shuttle service take more than one hour to arrive for pickup . we wait from 3 30 pm to 4 40 pm we call at 3 20 pm but look like they skip one pick up turn .
the hotel be really nice although the room furniture be a little outdated i have no complaint otherwise . a shuttle to the metro be perfect the staff be really friendly and accomodating . if you want a dc vacation without the expense or hassle of traffic stay at this hotel
we stay here for 4 night while enjoy washington dc . i have read other review of mid point before book so i think i have a realistic expectation . i have to agree with most of the review the service be outstanding the breakfast be awesome and the fitness center be clean and spacious . the website do show a pool however it do not exist so we bring our suit for nothing . our room be clean update and repair but the evidence of previous extensive water damage could still be notice . it isn t in the greatest part of town but not as bad as minnesota ave . the biggest plus for us be the free shuttle to the metro station which save me a ton
overall experience ok . hotel have remodel several year ago . our room s ceiling have only be paint half way . wallpaper in bathroom be come lose in several spot . tile around tub be lose caulk . breakfast buffet be limited .
this be well big and nice place to stay for holiday trip
my experience in this hotel have be one of a kind . everything seem to be on point . i would recommend this place to other . also great price full breakfast include . nice
my wife and i be spoilt silly by sheer hospitality . we have a wonderful stay my only issue be that we could not be give a hard bed mattress so i experience back pain throughout our stay .
friendly desk personnel . friendly staff . free shuttle service from the hotel to the metro station . breakfast arrangement be comfortable . my room have an excellent view . i highly recommend this hotel .
get off to a rocky start but after i be able to make the staff aware of my concern my stay be fantastic . i will definitely make this my location of choice when i be in the dc area . i would also like to state there be no one staff member that i can commend over anther . i have be in the service industry for 25 year and it take a lot to impress me i be impressed
the staff be friendly and helpful . the complimentary cook breakfast be excellent the gym be well equipped and clean
pretty good place they be under remodel but they let you know that . you will feel safe because the cop be always there not because of problem they just hangout there .
nice hotel good value be out of dc but not much around area so if you do not mind be away from night time activity and just want a base to explore dc from it be ideal
just need an overnight stay and it be right off the belt way . very nice place for the price to be honest . very close to metro and off the main road so you don t see much traffic either .
hidden away from heavy traffic
don t do it . it may save you money but you will regret it . you get what you pay for and in the case of this hotel you don t get what you don t pay for .
i rent a non smoking room for 4 day . soon as i open the door it smell like smoke . the door handle for the bathroom keep fall apart . management never fix . everytime i exchange towel for clean one there be an issue with them . i have to wait 16 hour for 2 towel very disappointed .
i book this room for one of my driver and be appal at what she report back to me . the first room have a broken tv that wasn t even connect to the electric cable . so as not to be blame for the damage she request a new room . she be give key to another room and as she enter the room somebody be already sleep in it she apologize and go back to the front desk to request a 3rd room . she refuse to go to the room without the agent go first to make sure everything be ok with it . the agent comply and come back and issue her the key . everything seem ok till she go in the restroom and find the toilet full of what should have flush away she call the front desk and report it but nothing be do about it . this be no way to run a railroad and i win t put any of my driver there again
room be clean breakfast be ok and the desk clerk be friendly . now for the bad my daughter try put brown sugar on her oatmeal and it be solid like a rock in the shaker.the juice machine be cover with fruit fly and the lady tend to the food be rude when we accidentally drop some food on the floor state she would be the one clean it up later . the 3rd floor hall be like an ice box due to remodel . the heater in the room do not work properly . the pool be close for renovations.the vend machine be almost completely out of food . thank for a horrible experience . it will be a cold day in hades before holiday inn get my hard earn money again .
my daughter be a student at virginia tech we have travel down to attend farm day . the hotel be close clean good breakfast except the egg they taste weird . get to be aware even tho this be not a tourist area there be a big difference between season and off season rate i do the same exact trip a month june ago and it be 40 less a night
friendly staff nice clean room good hot breakfast
bathroom need maintenance to the sink and tub be peal . nice furniture and room be nice . front desk attendant be pay more attention to her phone than the customer . no bottled water available at the concession . ice machine break on 2nd floor . overall i like this hotel be just a little disappointed in the service offer .
breakfast be awful the one time we have it . all of the day prior it be close earlier than it be suppose to be . we be put in a room with a bucket catch a leak and then they move us right across from the elevator where we could hear it de all night . we win t stay here again .
even if it be just for a night pass through everyone be amazing . the room be clean we be not bother at all the staff be very helpful when need everything be quiet when it should have be . amazing . will definitely come back .
staff be very nice and helpful room be clean ...............
they don t cancel a reservation even when request a week ahead of time . be careful when you book this inn . i have to throw my money since they didn t give me a refund . too bad
it be perfect for my travel need for work . hotel be clean and the staff be very friendly . if you stay here you have to eat at the greene turtle it s a 1 4 of a mile away with great food .
2 thing be mandatory for a good hotel stay . 1 . that the place be clean and this be . 2 . that the bed be comfortable and this be not it be a struggle to not roll into the divot that be in the center of the mattress . both my husband and i have a terrible night sleep .
very restful and quite . also have a nice pool to relax in .
disappointed with the breakfast have to wait for food be too slow
have plan a family trip well in advance . make reservation through hotels.com . knew hotel would be full call the evening of reservation to let them know we be about an hour out . front desk staff be rude say i do not reserve with charge card and be ready to give my room away i insist she check record . she then admit she be wrong and the room be already pay for . upon arrival nobody at the front desk have to wait . understaffed for such a busy night . once in our room discover they give us a king bed for 3 adult have to go track down a cot since there be no other room to switch to . staff be short with me and my family . say we should have know to call the front desk when make the reservation etc . etc pretty much blame us for not do a better job with make reservation . hotel be in decline with repair need break door lock break gym equipment broken machine in breakfast area clog toilet break clock in gym filter not work in pool adequately etc . housekeeping have room clean but common area need more attention . towel in gym and pool area be low in stock . staff in breakfast area be very attentive and pleasant . seem more staffing attention to detail would generally bring thing back up to snuff . it be close to traffic and right next to a fire station . ask for a room in the back if you can
the bed in room 305 have to be the worst bed i ve ever sleep in . not happy . not impressed . will not be stay there or will do my best to avoid another holiday inn express .
easy to find great stay
great customer service . nice place and room be clean and uptodate
good location easy access to restaurant and hospital .
this hotel be convenient to the metro and only a four stop from downtown washington . it have limit shuttle service to the metro as well . my wife and i will use it again as a good alternative to the high price hotel downtown when feasible .
this hotel be tuck away in a quiet neighborhood . it be convenient affordable and the room be spacious .
this hotel be a terrific value . the staff be always great it s clean and it s close to thing . it s appliance be a little older but they work perfectly i always stay here when i m in town .
this beautiful hotel be as quiet comfortable charming and accommodate as it be beautiful . the room be all of these thing and feel like a home away from home .
this be a beautiful hotel room . the high ceiling and date architecture be appreciate . the suite i stay in have all of the amenity that i would have need have i actually cook there . very nice staff . i forget my toothpaste and within minute housekeeping bring me a new tube . other place i ve have to go to the front desk or they would take hour . the work out room be a little dated but they do have a total body machine that be good to use .
hotel be under renovation and you would not know it the way the staff front desk and sale treat you . the room be great much space . i stay with my son and daughtger in a studio suite and be very comfortable . the hotel be locate ina excellent location with easy acess to all surronding . i would stay they again
the motel be 10 min fro the metro station . it be very convenient . a safeway be about 2 block away don t go to the prospect market very expensive the room be large enough for all six of us the kitchen be adequate and save us a lot of money . it be good we book through hotels.com becasue we hear a few other customer fight with the staff over their bill . when we check out they say we be all pay and there be our reciept . the workout room be nice the bathroom near the workout room hadn t be remodel yet . there be internet but it didn t work very fast they say they be update it . no pay for view movie but a nice big flat screened tv . overall i would stay there again love the location and the fact it have a kitchen
perto de uma estacao de metro . transporte gratuito para o metro . quarto enorme . camas enorme . cobertas confortaveis . tudo limpissimo .
all round wonderful experience . from the time we get there to the time we leave the staff and service be outstanding . ryan the guest service person who check us in set the tone for the rest of the stay . he be extremely courteous and helpful with all our request offer us advice on transportation and dining in the area which be great . we eat at the quarter deck restaurant he recommend all three day we be there for lunch it be so good . can not say enough good thing about the virginian suite if your look for a nice clean place close to everything at about half the price of the hotel downtown you have to stay at the virginian suite . can not wait to go back .
i book this hotel for one night because i be attend a funeral . the stay be ok . nothing bad nothing great . however they charge my credit card on top of already have pay through expedia . i call eleven time to get thing straighten out and leave message with three different manager . nobody will apologize . this be on my check card needless to say it mess up my balance and i couldn t even buy gas to get home it be hard enough with a toddler funeral and now this
very nice . the hotel staff be extremely pleasant and knowledgeable . they be so helpful . sabine sp be especially helpful .
come to area to visit washington d c mt . vernon and monticello without have to drive everywhere . although we drive to mt vernon one day and monticello on the way home it be nice not have to drive into dc to find a place to park .
would rate 3.5 rather than 3.0 star . location boost value . convenient to arlington national cemetery . shuttle available to metro station . grocery store and restaurant nearby . staff friendly and helpful . although comfortable and clean public area hallway and room be date . nearby stair useful when the only two elevator be busy . breakfast area on third floor have nice view but include breakfast average . king suite a little smaller than expectation . full kitchen nice but do not use this trip . additional daily charge for self parking . overall a little pricey for condition of property . may stay again but will run through all the available option and price first .
location be awesome price well worth the money . the staff be very friendly and helpful .
since we have a 7 55 a.m. flight to the west coast leave from in an unfamiliar area we choose the virginian base on its proximity to the airport . the check in be easy the print direction to get to reagan airport be concise and re explain verbally .
the hotel common area look date and wear . the room have an odor similar to old rancid grease especially in the kitchen . some of the electrical outlet in the room do not work . there be no accomodation for a wheelchair to enter thru the front door . not sure how they have avoid make the hotel wheelchair friendly . on a positive note the bed be comfortable and the bedding be cozy .
the room be clean but need maintenance wallpaper come off the wall in the living room area of our suite . it be an older building and bathroom do not have extra outlet for appliance such as curl iron . it be nice and convenient have the kitchen . good location convenient to many of the arlington dc site .
my stay be short ... wish i could have stay longer . check in be fast . staff very professional . hotel be clean and inviting . suite be spacious for a high rise hotel . expect cramp however be pleasently surprised by it s size . restaurant and convenience store within walk distance . the hotel be in a residential neighborhood not much activity surround it . although there be a fee for parking it be the cheapest in the area .
good parking lot size at hotel no problem find a spot for me . hotel have a tue night guest reception which be well attend the night i go ... have food and drink there . hotel be older but very clean . front desk and all of staff be very accomodating and pleasant . room be like an apt in size good kitchen set up . i extend my stay for 2 extra night . i feel very safe for a single woman traveler . would probably be a good place to stay for family or group as well .
stay 2 double bed suite for 2 night . the location be good however it be not worth for almost 200 night . overall this hotel be so old .. it need some update on furniture carpet kitchen and bathroom . bathroom be so small and dirty hair on the bathtub and spider webs on ceiling ... carpet and furniture be so old and sticky . gas stove wasn t working . pot and cooking utensil seem like it s from someone s garbage . we book this hotel for kitchen but we have to go out to eat ... and there be only 1 restaurant near by ...
we feel like home . we be plan to go back in the near future . the staff be very polite . viginia suit be within walk distance from mass transit and that make it easy to travel to the main atraction in washington d.c . we highly recommend virginia suite to any one planning to visit washington .
i highly recommend this hotel as a place to stay . it s situate in arlington a quieter more idealic area than washington dc itself although still very easy to visit all the attraction in dc via a short walk to rosslyn it s nearest metro.hotel room be amazing value for money very clean with a separate kitchen area.there be no hotel restaurant available and thekitchen be more than adequate to cook decent meal in . our only complaint be that our gas cooker do not work and after mention it to the hotel it be never sort out so we spend 2 week without a working cooker.as there be not much in the surround area we find ourselves have to travel into rosslyn and washington to buy dinner .
the staff be very helpful . the room be comfortable but not clean enough . the rest of the hotel be also lack .
this hotel more than meet our expectation very close to the metro station 5 10 min walk but a free shuttle bus operate anyway so you don t have to walk . very close to washington and arlington cemetery . the neighbourhood feel safe and we have no fear of walk out even late at night highly recommend .
i first read the review of this hotel on this site and mostly all say great thing about this hotel and i can see why . when you first get here it do t look or seem like your ordinary hotel from the outside . however the hotel hostess be extremely nice the room be awesome the bed sleep great room be comfort and cosey if i decide to cook in the kitchen i could have . great area and you can walk to iwo jima memorial or walk to rosslyn area to eat . i will return with fam friend in spring time .....
we be satisfied with our accommodation but be surprise by a 9 parking fee . we be not aware of the fee before hand and this should be disclose when book the hotel .
they charge me 150 for smoking in my room . i do not smoke . there be one person who do smoke in the room at a wimdow window be leave open . as a non smoker i can smell when a room have be smoke in . the room have no smoking odor . a small fee for break the rule would have be acceptbale . they be unfair about it .
the location be great about 10 minute walk from rosslyn metro . environment good too . the only thing i dislike be the check in time . their standard check in time be 3 00pm but we actually can not check in until 3 40pm . hotel staff keep tell us it would be 20 or 10 more minute but we wait from 1 00pm until 3 40pm . not a good experience . the room and corridor have cigarette smell even though we select smoke free room . the blank have a big cut on it . house cleaning lady sometimes leave a piece of paper on the floor even though we leave 2 dollar as tip . guess she may not be satifie with us . overall the place be not a bad selection . i vote for the location and price .
short stay and close to metro . the hotel shuttle to the metro station be great .
we have a very positive experience at this hotel . our party 2 adult 2 teenager have plenty of room to spread out . we have a pull out sofa sleeper roll away bed kitchenette and queen sz . bed . there be a large dressing area off the bathroom a great place for suitcase etc . the furniture be contemporary and new bed be very comfortable . this hotel be very close to arlington cemetery and the rosslyn metro stop be a five minute walk away . they also have a shuttle to the metro . the people at the desk be very responsive to all our need .
the virginian suite be a great hotel with an extremely friendly and helpful staff .
reasonably price average accommodation excellent staff good location .
opt to stay here and commute to downtown for my meeting to save on hotel expense of the downtown hotel . if you be willing to do that it work . hotel have basic amenity nothing more . it s basically a highrise motel ... room be all suite with stove microwave etc . 10 15 minute walk to metro . shuttle operate only on weekday .
that s it
der har ikke vret noget at klage over . virginian suite har indeholdtog budt p de tjenesteydelser vi selv har fordret . derfor har vi vret srdeles godt tilfred . derfor faldt valget ogs p virginian suite da vi p tilbagevejen p vore rejse skulle finde logi for de sidste 2 dage .
i stay here during my trip to dc on the memorial day weekend . i find this hotel very clean and comfortable . it be close to the metro station 5 10 min walk or 5 by cab which be a big plus . good neighbourhood . no room service but lot of reasonable option to order from . super nice room with kitchen . do not use much of the hotel service but find this place worth the money i spend . i do not face any issue during my stay and would recommend this to my friend .
if your look for an affordable place close to dc this be the perfect place . it be convenient with 2 child to have a kitchen and a little extra room . the hotel offer a shuttle to the metro station but we find the walk to be pleasant and only 10 minute away . there aren t any restaurant nearby so you either have to plan in advance or order food to be deliver . another add benefit be the free parking and plenty of it . i would probably stay again if only for the location .
the hotel be nice but a bit old . the air conditioning do not work well in either of the room in which we stay . in the evening we be tell breakfast be available in the hotel . in the morning we be tell our room do not include breakfast and it appear that only high end room quailfie for breakfast . so we have to leave the hotel to eat . over all i be dissatisfied and would not stay at this hotel again .
s
i m very satisfied with my 6 night stay with the hotel . very close to the metro . the room be huge clean and comfortable . the kitchen with a microwave fridge range cooking utensil and plate be a plus . the staff be friendly.i highly recommend this hotel .
i choose this hotel because it already have a very good rating and it be fairly close to dc . the staff be really helpful and there be a shuttle bus to and from the metro system . the room be clean in very nice condition and everything work well .
bring my sister and brother in law from south africa here and its location and comfort just wow them . the longer you stay the more convenient that kitchen become .
i be tell at check in there be a 7.00 per day charge for your vehicle for parking . i do not mind this but it be not explain to you on the information of the hotel when book . the real problem i have be that i have absolutely no hot water to shower with in the morning when i be get ready for work . i call the front desk and receive no consideration at all . i be a vietnam veteran and i swear i would never take another cold shower so i have to go to work without bathe . not fun i pay for breakfast when i reserve the room but i do not receive any coupon at check in and be not tell i need one . after get dress i go to the breakfast area but be not allow in because i do not have a coupon . i be so upset at this point that i just check out and leave . i express my feeling to the front desk and they say they could not do anything for me because no one from mainteanace be at work yet . this all happen between 5 45 am and 6 30 am
the room be very nice . large flatscreen tv kitchen ... more like a small apartment than a hotel room . only bad thing be that it s not super close to restaurant or bar . other than that though it s a great deal for the price and very close to the metro .
excellent travel and it be a relax place to visit
people with solid schedule move toward success don t have time for this much detail to you
we have an extremely pleasant stay at the virginian suites hotel . like stay in an apartment it be so spacious . the hotel be convenient to everything and within walk distance to the metro which i do because the traffic be so bad most morning i could beat the hotel transport . everything be clean and they even have a breakfast . we would stay here again . also very quiet for sleep .
a single parent travel with two child . i feel very safe . this hotel centrally locate to everything . the room be very well keep . this hotel do not rate on the same scale as a five star hotel but it do rate 5 star for the kitchen facility pool area and friendliness of staff . book with confidence .
the stay be adequate but the hotel be dark inside . first thing that hit us when enter the room be a strong odor of some sort of freshener . when go over the essential it do not have any toothpaste . although the staff be very nice we request toothpaste 4 time within 3 hour before it be finally deliver . still the stay be adequate for the price we pay in this area .
i would definitely stay at this hotel again . very close to downtown dc . clean hotel friendly staff good rate . large room . great experience .
clean . friendly staff . very large room . highly recommend .
my wife and i stay at the virginian suite for 8 day in october . overall it be a very enjoyable stay . the only drawback be the lumpy pillow and the drip bathtub it be in another room however and be not a distraction except when one be in the bathroom . we bring it to the attention of the staff as we check out and they say they would send someone up to look at it . the hotel setting be lovely just a short walk to a lovely park and the iwo jima memorial in arlington cemetary . there be two restaurant within a five minute walk of the hotel and leftover can easily be keep and reheat in the suite s compact kitchen . there be ample parking on the premise for automobile and the hotel shuttle make morning and evening run to the nearest metro station which be walkable in a pinch and will take you to the grocery store as well . the suite be large and comfortable and we will probably use them again if we return to washington .
good value compare to the hotel downtown dc . good room and good service .
this hotel be a bit older but very well maintain . the room be spacious with a separate full kitchen and a walk in closet . there be zero noise from elevator or guest above or next door unlike many newer hotel we ve stay in . our only complaint be that the place be a bit difficult to find after dark the sign be not high enough to be easily visible . in daylight we discover it be extremely easy to travel right next door to the arlington cemetary or across the arlington bridge to the lincoln memorial washington monument etc . the price be very reasonable and we would definitely stay here again .
coffee pot leak and do not make hot coffee . have to request toilet paper twice . not the worst we ve stay but far from the best for that price .
sehr gut gelegenes hotel .
pro the room be very clean but old which be consistent with many review i read prior to booking . the cost be reasonable for the location . the location be convenient con some upgrade be need such as an exhaust fan for the bathroom the steam would condense on the ceiling where some mold mildew and grown and this liquid mixture would drip down from the ceiling . the high speed wireless internet be slow and intermittent . my iphone constantly drop the signal or could not find it at all . i run a speed check and the result show a download speed of 1.39 mbp and an upload speed of 0.34 mbp . perhaps this be high speed in some country but in the dc area i consider this to be quite slow . it be complimentary however where other place have a surcharge for internet access . there be no thermostat for hvac so the room would go from warm to cool base on the control dial on the unit which be not temperature calibrate but be simply warmer cooler . the elevator be small and slow but functional . the 6.00 breakfast do not include egg or bacon . i hope for a better meal for the money . choice include coffee juice cereal milk sweet roll and package pancake . i do not try the pancake . there may have be other similar choice but there be no more substantial choice as i recall . the preparation area be quite congested . i may stay there again but i would not get the breakfast or stay in a room with bathroom mildew .
my recent three day stay at the virginian suite in arlington be pleasant enough but it could have be so much better if the facility be simply update with some relatively minor interior design modification that would give it a fresh 2014 look . add some color to the wall fabric finish and begin the process of incremental replacement of furnishing would elevate the hotel to the next level without break the bank and allow the hotel to keep its very affordable rate intact . the location be great in that it be a short walk or drive to much of arlington s riverfront the downtown commercial center the metro station and the key bridge and georgetown . the hotel be locate on 1 mile from interstate 66 so vehicular access be great . the bed be very comfortable but the room be underwhelme from a design standpoint . the only problem i encounter be that air conditioning unit seem a bit undersized . overall it be a very nice place to sleep and i would stay there again especially if cost be an issue .
we stay at the washington dc site and the staff be not accomidate to people who have never be in the dc area before . we ask for direction and way of get around and they be very disintereste in help us there be 9 of us . when we go down to the continental breakfast we be ask where our coupon for brekfast be we ask if our room key would do she say no . we go down to the front desk get the coupon go back up and she say okay you have it but never even look at it we could have show her a fake card she would have never have know she jsut make it inconfience for us to eat . beware that if they say you can walk somewhere that it will only take you 20 minute plann for 45 to hour they have no sense of time or distance .
we enjoy our stay at this suite hotel . the entire staff be very helpful and accommodate . the ac unit in our room need repair and within 5 minute a maintenance staff member promptly arrive and have it fix within 30 minute the front desk staff be extremely helpful with direction to transportation local grocery store within walk distance even print our boarding pass for our flight home thank you all
this be a convenient place to stay and then ride the metro only 1 mile walk into dc to see the sight . the quality and value of the hotel be outstanding . i love have a suite it make us feel at home . the housekeeping staff be awesome . i call and request extra towel and coffee and they bring them within 5 minute .
what a terrible experience . i reserve and prepay through hotels.com . i arrive close to midnight because of flight delay and be inform that the hotel be overbooke and that they have move me to a hotel in alexandria 20 minute away . i receive no phone call email or contact either from the hotel or hotels.com . the hotel they move me too be in no way an equivalent hotel half the price and they wouldn t refund me the difference which require me to through a fairly efficient but inconvenient process to call hotels.com and request a refund incredibly inconvenient and they also make me pay for a second cab to get there . i would not recommend unless there be absolutely no alternative . the night manager be at least friendly and sympathetic but powerless to do anything .
good large essentially one bedroom apartment . bad aged and poorly design . the soft shell of the tub enclosure dip between the joist when i stand in it . good nice neighborhood . bad practically impossible to get a cab on time . good housekeeping staff go out of their way . bad front desk be horrible . they lack procedure training and capability . simple task be challenge . don t count on get a cab through the front desk unless you have 30 60 minute to wait for one . call the cab company yourself and make certain they have your name so some other frustrated customer doesn t take your cab . good they run a shuttle from the hotel to the metro . bad there be no schedule and you have to look carefully for when they don t run when they be do a grocery store run or when they be run to another facility they service . the metro be across the street and down half a block from where they drop you off and pick you up . since you don t know the schedule you re stand on the street waiting . dress appropriately and take an umbrella . there be no restaurant in the building . but there be a call in service which deliver food from many restaurant . i recommend this hotel if you have your own car be flexible about the age of the building and don t rely on any service from the front desk .
close to arlington cemetery 15 20 minute walk and metro 10 min walk . hotel be an older building but suitable for it s 2.5 star rating . hi speed internet in room be nice .
spend 3 night . very large room and full kitchen that be separate from the bedroom which be important since you do not hear the refrigerator . on wednesday oct . 21 they have all you can eat complimentary pizza .
the room be huge . parking be the cheapest i ve see at any hotel in arlington . it isn t right in the city but it be definitely worth the cab or hotel shuttle ride into downtown . always extremely clean . the staff be always friendly and helpful . i really can t say enough . this be my sixth time stay at the virginian suite and i keep come back . love it
it be ok . be not worth the price but we wait til the last minute to book and that s what you get .
the room have a mildew smell and be not very clean but have fresh sheet . breakfast be a little skeptical so grab a coffee and run
we make a last minute reservation because of location and price which at 157 a night wasn t really a bargain for this hotel . the location be great you can walk to some shop and eatery . it be a short drive or bike ride to the beach which be nice . our first room have a faulty air conditioner and the room be super musty . that be say the hotel staff be great and get us another room . they continue to be really helpful and friendly throughout the stay . the room be really tight for a 5 night stay and i d only recommend this for 1 maybe 2 night top . the pool be clean and the free breakfast be so so . other than the staff i probably wouldn t stay here again ...
this be the worst hotel experience i have ever experience in my 47 year walk the face of this earth . the hotel room be egregiously small the bed be sink in the middle the pillow case linen bed spread and blanket be all filthy the room have the stench of heavy cigarette smoke the front desk lie to me about not have any other room available and to top it off they still charge my credit card for a two night stay despite me not even stay 15 minute . i tell the front desk that i be not stay and find somewhere else to stay and they tell me that i would not give a refund despite the horrible and horrific condition mention above . lousy customer service . i would never recommend this hotel to anyone except the police . and i would only recommend it to the police in order for them to arrest and file charge against hotel staff for theft for charge my credit card when i do not even stay at the hotel .
the main feature of this property be its close proximity to the beach and comparatively low price . the room be small and a tad cramp and feel a little damp and musty even with the old ac unit run all day . but the bed and facility be ok the staff be all very courteous and helpful and there be a reasonable hot breakfast on the premise . it be good for three night but we wouldn t want to have stay longer .
the location be fine since everything on the island be a short trip away . but the room smell of spray disinfectant and be extremely small it didn t even have a closet although it have everything else it be jam in there . actually everything be jam in they do not have a separate area for the breakfast it be set up in the lobby which be small as well and which you have to walk back and forth to four separate section to get to as people be check in and out and leave for the day . even the hallway be small and you have to squeeze around the cleaning cart or move them . i will say they use every space available they can . the pool be nice and the staff as well although it seem disorganized . i didn t hate my stay but i feel i be overcharged .
filthy outside ground with construction debris cat litter plastic bag and garbage . inside lobby be under construction breakfast be in a storage room with no place to eat . hotel staff be overhear tell other to shut your mouth . reception be not man have to wait 15 minute for check in and longer for check out before staff arrive ..
arrive to find our room have a break air conditioner the shower curtain rod be come out of the drywall and the bathroom fan sound like a jack hammer . the maintenance person could not fix the ac there be no other room available the window do not open and it be like an over in the room . the staff do not offer to pay for us to room elsewhere etc due to the inconvenience . i would not recommend this facility . it be in disrepair . and as we be stand at the desk a couple with 3 small child come in with a confirmation email and there reservation have be cancel so they have no room at all .
hotel not well maintain . lack of staffing . miss ceiling tile in hallways light out clean staff do only what they have too . no maintenance staff on site . 1st room we have bath fan sound like it be go to fall apart room have dirt in corner and behind curtain . 2nd room we have toilet be loose and rock air conditioner have mildew around the side . wall in hotel be thin can hear people next door and above . parking lot not pave .
this be my second visit to the island and second stay at day inn . the staff be friendly and helpful which be why i will definitely return
overall the quality of my 3 day stay be good . the room and bathroom be clean the bed be comfortable the noise level be low and the staff be polite and helpful . the workout room be adequate . the breakfast be descent and the hotel be conveniently locate . would stay there again
pleasant check in room.smelled.like stale smoke a few dead bug on the floor and have to go through a swarm.to enter the room . there be red stain on.the door that seem odd .. dead bug building be fairly.dated but room be update except.for the bed condition . it be not comfortable at all . the shower be good hot and strong . breakfast be very nice and go until 10 a.m. . they need more seating though for guest . not a bad hotel .. would.probably choose a different one next time .
the residence inn in naples be a great place to stay in naple . they upgrade us to a two bedroom suite after the first night which be very nice i m a platinum member . thank lauren close to downtown beach and plenty of restaurant . the pool area be very nice and all of the staff be great . highly recommend for family .
last minute stay and we could not have be more pleased we stay in a 2 bedroom with another couple and it be just perfect . the morning breakfast be out of this world we do not get to enjoy the pool and the other amenity but many people seem to be have fun . we would definitely stay here again . also ... more
the bed and pillow be soft and comfy staff be very friendly the free continental breakfast be great with lot of choice . they even offer complimentary water with orange all day to guest . the pool and basketball court be great for kid we would stay here again for sure
i have book this hotel for employee on several trip for an installation project in town . i have get several great report from each trip by employee . the staff and manager be always kind courteous and on top of thing . room be always clean and inviting . the hotel be centrally locate for restaurant beach business and shopping .
my wife teenage son and i stay in a 2 bedroom suite at the hotel between sunday 10 07 16 and thursday 14 07 16 . on arrival the receptionist be very friendly and professional . we request a high floor suite and we be allocate room 318 and be assure that we would like the suite . after complete the registration the reception ask if we ... more
large room good bed and great price . staff be very helpful and the area be safe . it be quite consider it be along a major road . about 2 mile form downtown area so you will have to drive to get there .
this hampton inn never fail to provide great service clean room and friednly staff . their common area be well situated and convenient for our sport team to gather before leave for the competition site .
i have stay at this property for all most 10 year and the consistent level of service have never fault . from the manager phillip to the house keep crew front desk personnel the kitchen staff and even engineer they all be friendly and intent on make your stay a positive experience .
i use the net for work and this hampton inn have theirs set so slow it be unusable . and no this be not prime time . if you need bandwideth do not stay here . the download speed be only 90k that s a kbyte not an m. try a marriot brand maybe you will have better luck .
we stay for 4 day while we be in town for a friend s wedding . the hotel be surprisingly quiet inside and out . it have a great location right of the main road . hotel seem like it be in a nice part of town . clean room and great breakfast . our room be nice and the bed be super comfy . we also ... more
a very high end hyatt with magnificent interior design and amenity . great view of tampa bay and all of the beautiful water of the bay itself . we stay in the castitas a villa like section on the hotel ground which be wonderful . we have a very spacious room easy parking near it and great outdoor landscaping and walking area . this ... more
get a great room on top floor great service great deal close to tampa airport and beautiful property garden wish we have more time to explore love the starbuck in the room spacious foyer bathroom and comfy bed too
this hotel be nice with really beautiful ground and view from our room . they have a fantastic nature trail . our room be nice and large . the staff be very friendly and helpful . it s also close to the airport . we also like the free parking option . we enjoy the restaurant and large bar on the property also . good food and drink ... more
we stay here for three night whilst visit busch gardens . upgrade to a room on the 11th floor for only 30 night . the view be amazing . hotel be immaculately clean staff friendly and courteous suzy on concierge be amazingly helpful . what would you expect from a lady from derby england would definitely return .
my favorite hyatt . beautiful lobby stunning ground amazing service . gorgeous view of tampa bay .. and an absolutely pristine property . only accolade easy check in .... jelly bean at front desk along with a competent efficient staff . pet friendly casitas offer spacious clean villa set behind the main hotel . the walk from main lobby to our casita take about 5 minute ... along nature trail complete ... more
great property wow whet her with friend and its a great spot ... the on site restuant have amazing food the villa be amazing on the bay ... great view ... the pool be a fun area .. it have pool ping pong table a bar ... sand voly ball .. overall a great visit .. would be great with a couple or a family .....
this hotel be awesome the ground pool tennis court pe pong table and fitness center be very well maintain . all the staff be excellent and so helpful . the food at all 3 restaurant be excellent and the service fantastic . the bed be super comfy and the shower be so relaxing .
stay for 1 night and the lobby and breakfast area be beautifully decorate and nice . easy to find location with plenty of parking but parking can be a hike if you do not get there before room fill up . room be put together and look nice but fan do not work in bathroom towel be slightly tattere on edge and curtain do not ... more
the facility be very clean and comfortable but if you re travel with a pet this may not be the place for you . there be a non refundable 30.00 pet fee and they don t even give you an old bathmat for a dog to sleep on . lot of pet friendly facility give you treat or even bowl for the animal to ... more
we stay at the stage stop hotel on a friday evening . i think we be the only guest each take a single room with a queen size bed . the hotel be an old stage stop that be convert a very long time ago the update be also do a very long time ago although not long enough to reinforce the ... more
well we have be here for a week it s ok not that bad and we get the room for 230 a week the only thing i can say be that noon it s very loud here but over all the stay have be ok .....
i visit this hotel a few time a year and i m always satisfied with the room . this last visit our lobby manager debbie underwood go above and beyond customer service with us when we have some trouble with a third party booking . i recommend call the hotel directly to book because the staff be amazing and super helpful . especially debbie ... more
location and staff be great room not so much . trash be not empty hair in tub and top comforter on one bed do not look to clean . price and location be main reason for chose this place again staff and breakfast be nice
this best western motel serve the best breakfast i ve ever have in a motel . they be centrally locate in town and be close to adjoining restaurant . the staff be knowledgeable and anxious to please .
great place to stay ..... for such a great rate i do not think that the hotel would be very nice ... but i be wrong it be very nice . it be clean quiet and the bed be the most comfortable i have experience at a hotel .
staff be always friendly and pleasant and responsive to my need . the office printer and computer work great and the breakfast excellent as be the service . the kitchen help be always make me laugh and do a great job .
i have never have to ask for a refund due to cleanliness of room . i ask for a refund on this very dirty room . the attendant lady be violently scream and refuse to give me a refund . she force me to wait for her to arrive at the room to retrieve my belonging . she be scream incessantly . i tell her ... more
as soon as i walk into the hotel i be greet with smile from the front desk staff along with a warm welcome to our property . as i make my way to my room i be not only greet by all of the housekeeping staff but also by i believe one of the maintenance employee . the room breakfast and amenity ... more
my son be a student at salisbury university . i have stay in several area hotel but the hampton inn in fruitland be my favorite . the room be always clean and comfortable and the staff be always friendly and helpful . it be less than one and a half mile from the school and they offer a special rate for su parent
we have a great experience at this hotel . the staff be wonderful from begin to end . the hotel be decorate beautifully . i have to take picture and bring them home to show my mom and friend . i love the decor the staff be quick to check us in . they be so friendly and nice . we have stay at a lot ... more
we check in late tuesday as we be in town for a funeral . we choose to stay here b c it be close . first room key wouldn t work . the second one do but only that night . every day we have be here we ve have to make a trip downstairs to get a new key b c they never work by the time ... more
this sheraton four point be unlike most other have a distinctly contgemporary feeling about it with nice visual touch and comfortable room . the biggest surprise be the breakfast caf where make to order omelet be available along with all the other breakfast item you would expect . a very pleasant stay .
the first room we go in have a bug on the wall so we be give another room with on hassle . beside the fact that the hall way smell like a pet motel there be no free breakfast the customer service be kind room be clean and convenient to our new apartment 5 min . this hotel be worth less ... more
four point by sheraton jacksonville baymeadows be a terrific place to stay in jacksonville . the hotel be the best with the staff accommodate us in every way . what ever our need they want my family to be pleased and they make us feel important . whether for business or with the family we would recommend it . you want to feel assured ... more
friendly desk staff fairly clean and reasonably comfortable albeit slightly wear mattress . however a few major disappointment water be overly soften and slimy make it almost impossible to rinse off soap . probably the worst i have ever experience at a hotel . a c setting get overridden in the middle of the night and the room get very warm and uncomfortable ... more
if you be on business or just pass through gm sam patel run a very efficient small hotel . great staff and exceptional clean and comfy room . nice bar for a great happy hour with beer and wine special . nothing too much trouble for the staff highly recommend this hotel
i have have the privilege of stay at the fireside motel on many occasion through the last twenty year and it remain my favorite beachfront hotel in the world . it be not a typical tropical beachfront but a rocky fierce wild ocean beachfront . your balcony will be just a few foot from the wave crash on the rock with a ... more
at the coast for a family event we need a place we could trust to be comfortable accept pet our cat ladybug and leave us enough money to try out another of the resturaunt in yachat . we ve been come to thr fireside again again over the year and have be able to count on the place for friendliness comfort ... more
we love this pet friendly oceanfront property . the staff be very friendly and accommodating . close to local restaurant service . beautiful maintain path along oceanfront make for great sight include whale and sea lion .
peel lamp shade break off extra safety door lock . other wise clean and sufficient for our need
wonderful hotel . very helpful and welcoming . i would love to stay at this super 8 anytime .
be in the hotel industry you expect a lot and this hotel deliver i ve never see someone work the night shift be so happy and friendly before my girlfriend and i stay on our way to new jersey for thanksgiving both on the way down and back up and this be the perfect place to stop in between . everything be ... more
i decide to use the inn for my wedding weekend and i be so happy i choose this place . all of the staff be excellent and they make our stay as comfortable as possible . the food at the restaurant be great and the bar service be also wonderful . the room be be clean and the bed be nice and cozy .... more
definitely not worth the regular price of 169 a night get it for half on priceline . broken towel rack in room . fray carpet in the bathroom area . peel paint in the shower area . almost seem like we get a third party quality room since we book through a third party . front desk be a kiosk with someone stand behind a ... more
this be an excellent hotel to visit the customer service be some of the best i ve receive and i travel all year . i will be stay here every time i return to the charlotte area . despite the busy weekend this hotel still feel like my home away from home .
this place have everything . location quality and friendly staff.the property be well maintain and clean . the room be very nice and they offer a better than average breakfast . my room be very clean and everything work just right .
staff very friendly and check in be fast and efficient . breakfast be one of the best i have see at a motel very clean place all around from room to breakfast area . very close to lambert s cafe which be a destination restaurant . if you be in this area stay here you will not be disappoint .
upon arrival at this best western property all staff member do 100 effort to make our stay comfortable . great tip on local dining spot that turn to some of the best food we have on this trip . great access from interstate get you on and off the road quick . also a great breakfast to start your day .
if you like filth then this be the hotel for you bed linen be not change for maybe multiple time for one bedroom possible dry blood and possible livestock hair on botth pillow case unknown smell greet us at door upon arrival .. they be also out of towel and have to share a towel among four people only thing go ... more
not so bad if your there just to fish good enough to lay your head after a long day nite of fishing i will stay there again can t beat the price . real close to the pier don t have to drive any where the pier have all you need
it take at least 30 minute to get check in . then my key card would not work . we go to a concert and show back up at the hotel around midnight and the whole building smell like poop . just check my bank account and they charge me twice for the room . not pleased at all
it be great
our stay be okay . the room wasn t too bad . bed be kind of uncomfortable and door frame have a gap into the hallway so we get to hear everyone s conversation that walk down the hall . if someone have want to look.in they could have
hotel staff be very nice room appearance be nice but i could tell that someone have smoke in the room . other than that it s not a bad place to stay for a night .
i reserve a room that turn out to be design for a handicapped person with all the fixture closet rod iron board desk etc . be much too low for my comfort . i be not make aware in advance that the room be so design . i be 6 4 so the accommodation be unusually uncomfortable for me . i be offer another room but the hotel be unable to change my room due to it be reserve and pay via expedia . i contact customer service and it be now 21 day and i have yet to receive a response . i pay for 3 day but only stay for 2 as the accommodation be just unacceptable . i spend my last night at a compete hotel for about the same price without issue . of course i do not reserve that room via expedia .
i check in and this room be literally disgusting . we check in and check back out in 10 minute . i could never sleep at a place like this . the room smell of mildew and cigarette smoke . the bedding be stain and not fresh . please go to another hotel this one be not worth the hassle .
i ve stay here several time . spacious room clean efficient staff . nice workout room . always surprise me that they don t offer a free basic breakfast . i d stay here again but do wonder if there s something better available .
i recently have my gatsby roar 20 s wedding here and i couldn t have choose a better venue . the front desk staff always greet me with a warm welcome when i pop up to look around or meet with vendor one always remember my name which be very nice . cole the catering sale manager treat me as if we be simply friend ... more
one hot sunday in august our ac break and the house be a solid 87 degree . we be tell a repair man wouldn t be able to make it to the house until monday morning . we also have a 3 month old baby at the time . as a new mom i be about on my last leg and i tell my ... more
first let me say what be good at the hotel . when i check in the gentleman at the front desk be very friendly but never see them again . second the lady that do breakfast service every morning be very sweet and always treat us well . the bed in my room be also one of the most comfortable hotel bed i ... more
i recently stay here for the first time . i have be to the pool bar in the past but never stay here . we choose this hotel because it be cheaper that the staybridge and other middle level hotel and i think we be get a high end hotel at a deal . we do not . what i learn quickly be that ... more
nylo be such a fun experience . the entire place feel like you be in nyc . the room be clean modern and resemble a loft . nylo be tuck quietly away within a short distance from the shop at legacy and ton of restaurant . when i m in the area again i will be stay here . super friendly staff as well .
the service be actually very good and the staff really friendly and helpful . we stay here for the 70.3 triathlon . breakfast for athlete be provide early race day and they do everything they could to accommodate athlete . the check in and check out be smooth . i think it be expensive for a holiday inn express we pay 300 per ... more
ok this hotel be s very predictable express . clean accessible to 101 good parking lot to eat for the include breakfast . for the area wine country the room rate be very good . and no minimum two night stay on the weekend . but if you be look for ambiance for a wine vacation look for something else but you will pay twice as ... more
wow i really can t say enough about this hotel it be pure luxury in a beautiful setting . we spend 5 day 4 night at the bardessono while visit napa valley and i don t think i could ever go back without stay here again i m positive i d just wish i be there instead . when you check in the valet be extremely ... more
we have stay at bardessono for the last 5 year . each year continue to be the gold standard of resort . it be within walk distance if all of yountville which be a foodie paradise . in the middle of wine country . hotel will arrange tasting at some of the premier winery in napa valley
i book the bardessono base on the review for a surprise 25th anniversary trip to the napa valley ... the staff ground location be all top notch and just wow us it be a slice of zen .. lucy be top notch and the whole experience we amazing . we will be back and would recommend the bardessono to everyone can not ... more
i get this accommodation as a weekend get away . the property be amazing better than i expect as be the staff from the minute you arrive the staff and facility be all 5 star . lucy the restaurant have amazing food . the breakfast in the morning be great way to start off the day . but nothing beat wine by fire pit ... more
we have a ground floor room with outdoor shower . the shower and steam room be amazing . bardessono be a true luxury experience . stay mid week in may be a little quieter which be like have the resort to yourself . spend a full day relax by the pool with no other guest . staff be very friendly and helpful and explain the ... more
once again we be treat to pure luxury at the bardessono . welcome with family hill wine an in room massage and comfortable surrounding our 3rd stay be exceptional . anyone look for that little bit of extra will not be disappoint . the bathroom be huge sport a jet tub and super spacious closet two separate sink area and huge step in ... more
it be mistake .... the hotel itself be not too bad but the location be bad . scary neighborhood i do not recommend this hotel for family . we didn t want to walk around the hotel in night time so we stay in the hotel room .
i be very pleased with this hotel . will certainly stay here again . very convenient location to usc and the staple center in a nice hotel with exorbitant cost . free shuttle and park a huge plus in this area . neighborhood be not amazing but where be in la i didn t think neighborhood be as bad as many guest .
the motel be well locate on the wind river with easy access and parking . the room be very clean well keep and the bed be very comfortable . new tv refrig and coffee maker and easy internet access . the breakfast be very good and the folk that run the motel be very pleasant and helpful . we have a very pleasant stay .
the room be comfortable clean and quiet . the breakfast be fine . fitness room be fine if you could figure out how to get the door open with the room key it tend to be stick in the lock position . a big plus to the hotel be friendly helpful staff both at the front desk and the breakfast area . there be ... more
this be a stop over on a cross country drive trip . we have high hope for this place and be hope we would like it enough to stay two night . one night be more than enough . upon check in we be direct to a suite that require us to go down a floor from the lobby . get there and feel ... more
absolutely rude front desk clerk . we arrive at 5 p.m. and this lady clerk be condescend and positively rude ............. so rude we cancel our stay at this place to stay at the best western . stear clear .
on our way from florida to new jersey on the worst weekend we could have pick . 500 year rain event and flood throughout south carolina . get off 95 north because the road be close at exit 119 . no room there . backtrack to exit 89 and take the first hotel that have vacancy . ultimately they would close both northbound and southbound ... more
come to the area for the holiday . stay for the weekend . have no problem with the stay because we understand it be the weekend plus a holiday so therefore rate be higher . we observe one couple complain about not be able to use a coupon and try to persuade everyone in the lobby to leave . if they would have read ... more
should have check trip advisor before stay here . besides be dirty there be hole in bed linen paint on floor and door handle tub wouldn t drain and tv have no signal . the worst motel we have stay in .
attend a conference
very friendly staff . decent clean room and bed sleep well on motel be quiet close to interstate restaurant and shopping . breakfast be a mediocre continental . a very reasonable price . overall this be a good value
the room be not well maintain . the bathroom floor look like it hadn t be sweep or clean in a while . the room look like it never have a real deep cleaning . the towel in the bathroom where a grungy gray . it be not a well keep property . the breakfast pantry have a foul odor come from it . i realize that ... more
nice staff good service . convenient location
very comfortable bed fast internet very quite and clean . very satisfied with service and cleanliness . convenient location and easy access right off interstate 95 . although i do not use the pool it be very clean and inviting .
do not make a reservation with best western . when in the carolina or in walterboro get a coupon and save 20 . i do not know if there be a high season but during our visit in early march there be clearly lot of empty room .
this hotel be very clean and staff be friendly . the major complaint i have be about the breakfast . it be lousy . the egg have no taste and the sausage patty be super greasy with not much taste either . i try toast . believe it or not it didn t taste good either . the toaster take so long to toast . need to be ... more
earlier review be for wrong hotel in a diff state but now the hotel stay be not the best but my issue be get a busy signal every time i try to reach my fiance on the room phone so annoying but the hotel can use some new clean mattress . anyways the phone issue be my biggest problem .
cheap come with a cost . you must be desperate to stay here . drug bust the day we stay . nice owner but wow . everything be old break stained and smelly . never again . it be not worth the little money they charge .
i stay in a room on the 3rd floor . upon wake up i find a bed bug on the curtain . after call the front desk i be tell that find a bed bug be absolutely impossible . donna at the front desk say she d be right up . after wait 10 minute i call back down to see when she anticipate come ... more
stay hare for a night as all else be full . staff be friendly and easy check in . breakfast be very disappointing . little choice and not fresh . the room to the front be noisy and not clean . bath room be part of room which make the room damp wifi and access to highway easy . parking ok .
i normally stay at the hie here in orangeburg but since this hotel be brand new i want to give it a try . checking be fast and the staff be friendly . this be a very nice hotel . the room be excellent with comfortable furniture and bed . they finally get rid of that useless lap desk and have a handy sofa ... more
this hotel be perfect for a short stay . it s really close to the interstate they have a pool there s ample parking and eatery close by you could walk to get a quick bite to eat . they offer breakfast in the lobby from 6 a.m. 9 a.m. however i be not able to take advantage . they offer free wifi but find it a bit ... more
stop here en route to florida from ontario . great location and the property remain in good condition . lot of amenity nearby . the breakfast lounge area be clean and well keep . our room be clean and quiet and give our family of four tote a lot of stuff enough room we stay on a very busy night but the staff ... more
i be a detail orient person and this hotel stay be a pleasure . right down to little paddle coffee stirrer . we arrive a little after 3 00 pm and as i book a great price my husband be able to add on a military discount .... even better . the entrance be new modern open and perfectly contemporary . our 3rd floor room be ... more
wonderful place to relax either way your go north or south . very convenient on i 95 .. convenient restaurant fast food or nice dining . a great choice of fuel station to choose from just a great place to break up a long trip ...
right off i 95 newly renovate very clean room you can smell the fresh paint . the staff be helpful and friendly they allow pet which be hard to find . continental breakfast include waffle the new coffee machine they have be spectacular and make a nice robust coffee unlike all other watery hotel coffee . ruby tuesday right next door to make it ... more
we read the other review on this motel and choose it base on these review the pricing and the location as it be right on our way to vermont . either we be not in one of the renovate room or the other reviewer standard be very different than our . the room we have be very tired and be not clean ... more
this be a small motel off the beat path in east springfield the next town over if you be visit cooperstown it be incredibly clean and the customer service be outstanding . family kind of place they have a better breakfast than any of the many high price hotel i have stay at and it be very affordable i highly ... more
we stay at the best western dunkirk for a family function . our room be quiet comfortable and clean . the room be at the end 219 of the building and have an l shape which seem a little strange . the bed desk and tv be at the end of the long end of the l. a lounge chair be in the ... more
i would stay at this hotel again in a heartbeat if in the western ny area . very helpful staff nice room good breakfast . rachel at the front desk help me out immensely with information in find a restaurant .
we attend a swim conference at the university for three day . this our first visit to the dunkirk fredonia area . we enjoy the stay and the closeness of the motel to our destination . the area around the campus be beautiful . we find great place to eat .
we stay here for one night on our way back home from a vacation . it be a wonderful experience . we get the king suite with a jacuzzi in the corner of the room . everything about the stay be super . it be close to restaurant for dining and they serve breakfast early so we could get back on the road .
after a very busy day of driving and a long chiefs game down in syracuse we make our way towards the border to get back home watertown ny be the last stop it be late everything in town be book solid everything ... even my hotels.com account wouldn t show result . we be refer to the roadway inn by the night shift ... more
very nice hotel . clean room good free breakfast offer . we have a very nice stay . good bed and friendly staff . hotel look like it be brand new . close to several restaurant right next door . we feel safe in the hotel .
do not choose to stop at this motel be too tired to risk drive further on to new mexico and the other place in town be book . the bed be absolutely terrible . there be only 2 pillow very pathetic pillow may i add on the bed . the shower pressure wasn t bad but that didn t matter being as the drain be ... more
this be our second stay at la rinconada and we just didn t believe it could be as great as the first .... but if anything it be better we ve stay in the apple house both time and it be just the most beautiful little cottage yes hurd and wyeth and photo of the area .... and oh what an area we wake up every ... more
love our stay at lift west condo the manager billy be helpful friendly and knowledgeable of the area . already plan a family trip back with our kid and grand clean room great location close to everything and within walk distance of all the cute shop on main
my girlfriend and i plan a fun overnight trip to red river . it be a last minute idea and lift west be able to accommodate us with a very nice clean and spacious condo . it be perfect the four of us and plenty of room for relax entertain and sleep . our condo be equip with full kitchen two full bath ... more
cheap rate for a clean room with comfortable bed . refrigerator in room for no extra charge . cold ac . easy walk distance to a couple convenience store fast food and a local restaurant . would definitely stay again .
clean room with no frills.it be in a good location for walk to shop and bar . it be a little expensive for what you get big chain budget motel offer more for less cash . the pool be in use when we stay . there be free coffee available in the office .
i stay with my cousin for 3 day and from day one service be friendly the hotel always smell clean they have a small but nice fitness center the cupboard selection be really good free coffee 24 hr . our suite be a non smoking two bed we have a full kitchen flat tv even a dvd player room be big and ... more
i come into town for a few day to have a get away with my family . lilly fermim help me and be so professional . her customer service be the best i have see . she be able to answer all my question without hesitation . this hotel be also very clean and the room have everything we need . i will definitely stay ... more
i must say it be not what i expect . i be more than just pleased with my stay . i be greet by tim who be very professional and through with his check in . he make us feel comfortable in a strange area which at time can be hard to do . i be fearful of cross the highway with all of the ... more
me and my family stay at the candlewood suite fort lauderdale for 2 night and our expectation go above and beyond the servie at the desk be on point friendly smile we book a room with two bed when we get to the room spotless great bed nice kitchen clean bathroom and what we love the most besides the clean room ... more
great staff and service .... kudo lilly comfortable room and in walk distance to store and eat place which make it a convenient location . easy access to highway and convenient for airport and cruiseport
the hotel be really new clean and modern all of which be thing i really look for first and foremost in a hotel . the location have a bit to be desire however not the greatest area and surround by a ton of old building but not much you can do there . the hotel and staff be great would definitely stay ... more
the staff be extremely nice and helpful . they answer any question and know most information . hotel have both the outdoor and indoor pool which be also nice . breakfast area be large enough to accommodate a good number of people when crowd .
we want a quiet get away . we have a great time . the hot tub be fabulous . free breakfast in the morning many choice great taste food . we will definately be here again . also ho chunk have a shuttle bus . wow
the hotel be very clean close to many business and have an excellent staff . arrive late go in they immediately find reservation check in be about 10 minute . bed be very comfortable and the free admission to the indoor waterpark be awesome . i think very highly of this hotel .
newly remodel so room be fresh and clean although the pillow be too bulky for our taste . nice that we could open the window . large pool and hot tub . good breakfast selection we like that they have mini waffle and mini muffin so you could try several option without waste food or for smaller appetite . denny s restaurant on the property so we ... more
hotel staff be very friendly and knowledge . the staff greet you as you walk by them in the hall . clean room hotel be very quiet . the hotel lobby be 100 foot away from a denny s restaurant which be really convenient . the waterpark pass to chula vista be nice but beware it be a 15 20 minute drive to chula vista . i ... more
this be our 1st stay at the wisconsin dell best western . we have some handicap mobility issue so request a handicap room . we be pleasantly surprised with the family sized room with plenty of space lot of bed and a plus comfort . we be concerned that this motel be a distance from the dell attraction but realize we be near ... more
not able to check in till after 4 30pm and have to acquire hotel manager in order to get in even at that time . we then be give a room with i think handicap shower ... have no tub .. water go on floor ... upstairs must of have the same because their water drip from our ceiling
it s motel 6 so of course i didn t expect the taj mahal but when your on the road for hour and be look forward to pay for comfort but when you arrive there be tweaker all over the stair and parking lot dog bark in the next room and the room you pay for have an the overbearing stench of ... more
i have stay at many hotel this be my first time go to bed with a roach on my wall it be disgust the first thing i do when i arrive i disinfect my room get ready to settle in for the night 11 00 pm after a 9 hour drive i get up to use the bathroom go to the ... more
the room be clean . the breakfast for good . the pool be nice . perfect location to downtown savannah and tybee island . staff be friendly . the only thing i can say negative be that the a c didn t cool really good but we do stay cool when the sun go down at night . but during the day it be a little warm . hard to get the room cool .
overall very pleased with hotel . though there technically be plenty of space the porta crib barely fit between the bed . room be very clean . like have the fridge . bathroom clean . wifi work well . good selection of tv channel though we didn t watch it too often . maid do go in one day while we be out despite the do not disturb sign be on door which make me uncomfortable but it be all good . breakfast be nice in have many choice . area wasn t first choice but we weren t go to pay those price . convenient to most everything we want to do .
wifi be way too slow to be able to do much .
the front staff be friendly and helpful . she be able to accommodate me in a first floor room know i have twin and the hotel do not have an elevator . the room look great . my only problem be that a roach crawled on my phone . after that i question the cleanliness of the room .
this be our initial installation and award program . we have a lot ride on the event as staff . even though we have check out the venue and have a sense of confidence in how they would perform they exceed our expectation and be great to work with throughout . food be outstanding hot and tasty and our guest have plenty . their ... more
we be in the best western premier on feb . 11 with our two yorkshire terrorist . the staff be so very nice . the hotel be very clean room be spacious.the resteraunt connect to the hotel be very nice.good food at reasonable prices.the breakfast buffet be all you could ask for . we will definitely return to this find hotel .
as with all the best western hotel we have stay in here and abroad we enjoy excellent service . in spite of the 30 inch snow storm during our visit we be able to relax and enjoy ourselves . you will too .
this be my second stay at this hotel and it be even better than the first time . the room be comfortable and the stay be great . the staff be very helpful and friendly . the irish pub on premise be a great asset .
after drive all day from maine we stop here during a rainy night . the reception be really nice ... front desk very hospitable the room be clean and the bed be comfy ... the food delicious and the pet policy be really reasonable . this be a conference center so it be busy busy .. but i never feel look over . the pool be nice and ... more
stay here back in october and plan a wonderful review . i speak too soon . of the four couple who stay here in our group only 1 couple do not have extra charge place on his her credit card . each of the extra charge be trace back to this hotel for non hotel expense . luckily my credit card company know ... more
the staff front desk restaurant and maintenance be all friendly warm and very helpful . the restaurant be average for dinner but serve the best breakfast i ve have in a hotel order from the menu . the pancake still haunt my dream the room have a number of maintenance issue which be promptly address by the hotel as much as possible . i ... more
i have a business trip to harrisburg find a good deal at this hotel and it be very close to the capital . a beautiful hotel an exceedingly comfortable room with many amenity and a very helpful staff . i ask about a tv schedule and it be deliver to my room i wonder why i couldn t connect to wifi and they ... more
my husband and i attend the great american outdoor show in harrisburg . this be the second time we stay in this hotel . the room be clean and attractively decorate . the staff be friendly and helpful . we also enjoy the restaurant and lounge for breakfast and dinner . the staff here be also friendly . both meal be reasonable in price .
from check in through check out everything about this hotel be amazing the facility and room be better than the internet picture ...... the staff be very helpful and do what ever it take to make us happy and the price be very favorable if i ever need a hotel again anywhere near harrisburg ... i will definitely be stay here .
i have my reservation about this hotel . be new with a company and have to share a room for a training i be very hesitant and unsure of a number of thing . i get here check in and be impressed with the lobby beautiful then the room ... i arrive before my roommate and enter a beautifully decorate room with two queen ... more
let me start by say how sorry i be that this take so long to be place on tripadvisor . i choose this hotel because the one we normally stay at be book up . i go onto tripadvisor and the review on this hotel be good so i think we d take a chance . upon our late arrival i have set the ... more
hand down the best hotel i ve ever stay helpful and friendly staff . cozy and well keep room . the atmosphere be warm and inviting . also very easy to get to . the wait staff at the irish pub attatche to the hotel make you feel a part of their family . i can t wait to come back
my kid and i travel through harrisburg on our way to see my parent in va once a year or so . we always stay at this hotel as a stopping point and have never be disappoint . for the price it be extremely nice . beautiful lobby free water and coffee nice indoor pool clean and well sized room . staff be nice and ... more
the best western old mill have be renovate and look much nicer than previous year . the room be nice and clean but be very small and crowd with furniture . the pool be just okay and there be no clean towel . the hot tub be lukewarm the entire time we be there and there be thick ring of mold around the top of the hot tub .
staff be great . room be fairly clean only we would not sit on the sofa ... many stain on cushion . when check room before we leave and find a pizza box in refrigerator that we do not put in there . will do in a pinch
these room be great if you re in town for a limited purpose ie business trip see friend or family etc . however i don t recommend if you re look for something fancy or romantic . it s a very old building and a little run down . i wasn t wild about the location either . it s tuck away and kind of hard to get to if you re not familiar with the area . if you can get a deal through one of those site out there do it but it s definitely not worth what they tell you over the phone .
pool need clean ring around the pool
we have now visit bricktown hotel on several occasion . the service have always be friendly the shuttle be prompt and service orient . as a family we have enjoy the pool . as a group of friend we have take full advantage of the bricktown nightlife without have to drive . as a businessman i have use the hotel as an incentive to employee and as a te for client . i have refer many friend who consider this self to be a gold mine .
the nicest attitude from the manager to front desk and room assistance . the shuttle driver be pleasant and very helpful . not only do he suggest place to eat and take us to the place of our choice it be the best italian restaurant ever . he also make sure we see the memorial to the bombing victim both in daylight and after dark . not to be miss room be clean fresh completely stock with amenity and the bed be comfortable . i look forward to find a reason to go back to oklahoma city and the knights inn at bricktown hotel .
the room be clean and very modern new the building be an old beautiful building and luxurious with lot of window . the bed be cozy and the service be exceptional . every staff member be friendly and genuinely invest in make our stay easy and relaxing . the front desk staff be always available and attentive they even bring us a tooth ... more
my organization recently use this hotel for a conference and our experience could not have be better . from the planning phase through the meeting the staff be extremely helpful and kind rebecca be an absolute gem particularly in troubleshoot for shuttle our group to where they need to go . the facility themselves be wonderful and our attendee enjoy the social ... more
stay here base on the review and can definitely see why it come highly regard . well appoint room great breakfast and valet service be great solidly build old federal building so noise wasn t an issue and room be impeccably clean . it be a quick overnight stay but would definitely return if in the area
the facility and staff make our wedding weekend a success room be great refrigerator a blessing . breakfast very good . staff very accommodating and service drive . vallet be outstanding so gracious and so efficient meeting room meet our need . front desk staff outstanding too this team of employee work well together to deliver great service when vallet parking become ... more
the staff from the general manager kyle highberg to the valet monty front desk staff ashley and amanda to the sale director rebecca munn not only provide excellent service and accommodation for our entire extended family they save our daughter s wedding reception . at the last minute the temp agency waitress that be arrange for month earlier to serve at the ... more
best stay ever . ashley at the front desk go out of her way to take care of my family and other for i hear her help even those i do not know . i enjoy the sound of the city until midnight . i then shut my window and didn t hear a thing . clean easy to get to and the whole staff ... more
this hampton inn be very new . it be clean beautiful and comfortable the breakfast be good and the eat area be super nice . the staff be exceptional i would definitely recommend this hotel and would definitely stay there again and i be very particular about hotel
we stay here on sunday night . my husband be very sick with cancer and be rush to the va hospital . the very sweet girl work at the desk be nice enough to give us the hospital discount . however the battery in our car die when we get there and so i call the very helpful man work overnight and get ... more
although the view be very nice the efficiency room face the cove leave a lot to be desire . there be only 3 fork and one butter knife in the drawer nothing sharp enough for a grilled steak so that plan be scrap . the room be miniscule and not very clean . there be mold on the inside of the fridge along ... more
the member at desk be very nice but if your a clean freak then i would not recommend stay here . maybe if all you plan on do be get some rest because the shower and floor be not in great condition . i also have a brown stain on one of my pillow . sheet be a bit out date .
we stay here on the last night of a cycling trip from jax beach to sarasota fl . the location on our route be perfect but beyond that it be a disappointment . we walk into the lobby after cycle all day and it be stiflingly hot and the girl be behind a very unfriendly plexiglas wall . the ac didn t work at ... more
we stay in this place 2 year ago . we be in the front building and pay about 70 . since we be do the sebring 12 hour race this price be reasonable even in light of what you get in the room . it be clean but date broken furniture very thin chintzy towel a paper bath mat . this year we ... more
the staff seem to be nice . internet quality be excellent . my non smoking room reek of cigarette stink . tv reception be terrible . i can not comment on the free breakfast since i be unable to participate .
love this hotel . great room and staff . pool area be nice and it s available for use at anytime.the one time it rain our family go into the lounge area and the staff be ok with it . so much to do within walk distance . great location .
i love this property . i give it a 5 star . it be my home away from home . the staff be so nice and the room be great . the staff work really hard to please the customer . the breakfast be delicious with lot of variety to choose from . i highly recommend it .
staff be very helpful breakfast include really make a difference when you travel.clean and close to all major road . this location also make it nice due to a walking down down type of area with shop and many type of eatery available . also a food stor in the next parking lot .
construction be be do on the floor above mine have think about take a nap in afternoon the noise be so loud and the vibration be so strong thing in my room be move across the counter top . request a later check out be tell i could have one the next day be not no offer to pay a portion ... more
the hotel make me feel special just walk in . the staff be very approachable helpful . the room be invite and clean . the bathroom be set up nicely and be clean . the soap shampoo conditioner etc . be good quality . the breakfast be outstanding not just fatten bun donut and coffee . a nice variety of breakfast item to choose from . and ... more
our priority hotel be hampton because it have be in the past clean and the bedding be claim to be launder after each guest . the hampton in lake mary florida be not up to standard . the bathroom floor be filthy .
thank you for make my stay so comfortable the hotel do show some age but seem well keep . very cute place with nice atmosphere . especially pleased with the location . i will recommend this hotel to my friend . see you next time
i want to first say that this hotel be in a prime location . you be step away from the trolley pick up for city place and clematis . upon arrival i think the hotel be very nice . we be greet by one of the owner and she be very helpful . our room be locate on the 3rd floor and we do ... more
thank you so much for a great experience with your hotel . service cleanliness and location be perfect for out time to jet blue park . i would definitely recommend this hotel to other sport team travel .
we spend 4 day in the hotel . staff friendly and very helpful they even get us beach chair and umbrella so we can spend time at the beach . staff know where to direct you for food beach etc . and go out of their way to be of service . room comfortable . breakfast very good . the overall stay be very good . the ... more
the staff be very friendly . facility be excellent for cleanliness and comfort . beautiful pool and lounge area . this be a great facility for family or couple full hot breakfast that be fresh and yummy even crispy bacon and lot of fresh fruit . the room be spacious with an exceptionally comfortable bed . we would definitely stay here again .
i m on the a lot road and always stay in hotel . this hotel have always be one of my favorite ever since i stay there 5 year ago . the staff be excellent the hotel be in a great location and the pool be fantastic . i always look forward to visit ft . myers and the hotel have a lot to do ... more
stay here july 22 25 2016 . the front desk people be true gem very helpful and friendly . the room be clean and wifi be free . all guest room have a refrigerator and a microwave . the breakfast buffet be great lot of variety and both hot and cold food . free chocolate chip and oatmeal cookie in the lobby each night .
this be my second visit at this hampton hotel . i love this hotel . the front desk staff be so very friendly kind and helpful . the manager landon and seph be super friendly and helpful . i always look forward to sink into their wonderful comfy bed . the breakfast be incredible fabulous service
extremely disability friendly staff be awesome especially seph who keep us laugh . this hotel be centrally locate with restaurant near and far depend on your taste . the front desk will give you a list with a multitude of different type of restaurant . the hotel itself be clean great water pressure and actually have a healthy fruit option for breakfast . staff ... more
this hotel be exceptionally clean and comfortable . the staff be friendly and helpful . close to many restaurant and shopping . the pool be well keep with plenty of towel . a short drive to the gulf where we enjoy the white sand and walk out pier just beautiful . we enjoy the area and hotel so much that we decide to extend our ... more
we pick this hotel because it be halfway between tampa and miami . the front desk staff be so nice and helpful . they answer every question and even come and clean our room when housekeep miss us . the cookie after 6 p.m. in the lobby be essential . great stay
from check in to check out this be a great experience . the staff be amazing friendly and informative . room be immaculate and comfortable . nice size and great bed . perfect location . 5 minute to dozen of restaurant abd shopping . 7 minute to 75 . coffee and breakfast be great . nice size fitness room . staff wad always clean and smile . i would definitely ... more
this be such a great hotel the staff be exceptional and go out of their way to be helpful a great place to put your foot up to relax . room be clean and spacious it be close to shopping restaurant and the airport . definitely recommend to anyone who be come to fort myers
a few mile west of i 75 . near restaurant and mall . staff be friendly and helpful . room be clean . hotel appear to be fairly new . we have a king bed room with sofa bed . for this area a car be need .
the staff make you feel welcome from the moment you arrive . they be all friendly efficient and caring . complimentary breakfast stay open until 10 30 . i love the variety of food and especially the fresh strawberry and raspberry . the 6 00 fresh bake cookie every day be yummy
hampton inns be always my first choice when i travel . they be always clean the staff extremely friendly the room clean and nice the breakfast delicious . they be an amazing value for the price . there be always a gym and a pool and everything be always well maintain .
very clean and exceptional service . attend a perfect game baseball tournament there and would stay again . the proximity and route to the various playing field be convenient . the entire staff here be very hospitable and deliver exceptional service . some very affordable and great eatery be near by as well as a large publix grocery . i will come back here on my ... more
tub also leak from wall pipe and staff blame us for the damage nothing but crack head live there and drug bust all night you would like to meet a polk county sheriff s stay here then there there most night
this location be little more than a hotel 6 at 4 time the cost . very disappointed with the accommodation . i choose best western as they have always be a great hotel ... not this time . there seem to be a bit of attitude because this be the wine country there be a lot of choice ... choose wisely .
they try to put us right next door to a bank of room they be remodel mattress and carpet roll in the hallway man work until very late etc . we be there for just one night for new year eve to be close to winery . good location for that but a little pricey just because of the day . nothing special but adequate for what we need .
stay one night at this best western for a half marathon the next morning . overall hotel give the impression of be slightly dingy and outdate and be the type of hotel where all the room be access from an outdoor hallway . the service be friendly and helpful and the room be relatively clean and comfortable enough . some stain on the carpet at the door though . do not eat the breakast since we be up early for the race but i see at check in that the dining room spill out into the lobby which i think be a little crowded look to say the least . great location as it be close to the plethora of winery nearby and also close to several shopping and dining area . close to major highway without be noisy too . next time i d search for a slightly nicer hotel but this visit be satisfy for our need .
nothing to complain about . very friendly staff and love it diana and taylor be very helpful . breakfast be great . bacon egg hasbrown waffle it be a wonderful experience . i would recommend this hotel to anyone
room musty and not well ventilate . no hot water in show despite multiple trip to the front desk to ask for assistance or another room . front desk staff ask if i turn the knob the opposite way hotel staff make no effort to move us to another room or fix the problem . will not be stay here again .
ok the room be clean . spacious . weird design where the bathroom door be a slider desk attach to the wall cover the electrical outlet appliance not plug in ... the refrigerator no light bulb in the fixture clean service doesn t remove the use coffee ground
a good basic if not a bit dated hotel for a one night business trip no complaint and a good value for the price .
great menu service and the food be superb . the seafood pescatore over linguine be tremendous . drink and food be very large portion and reasonably price . all waitress be tremendous courteous friendly and very attentive . food preparation and quality be fab
great place to stay if you want peace and quiet . the room 301 be the best . we will be come back and recommend the inn by the lake to all of our friend . the hotel be very clean and locate in the nicer area of lake tahoe .
before come to tahoe and read the review for this hotel i be skeptical to give this place a try . the review say the place be very old and needing of remodel . we stay on the third floor in a king room and to say the least everything be amazing . the room be large comfortable clean and all the furniture ... more
it be a nice quiet stay .
have a great time
i really like this hotel as a first experience in south lake tahoe it be pretty good choice the staff be very friendly and multitaske the room be clean my family feel good come to here so i m happy and sure to make a reservation again in the future may be with more anticipate time and less cost be ... more
we just stay at the inn by the lake for the 4th time and have a great trip . we love the location so we can bike or walk most place . the pool be great and have a two level hot tub the room be nice and i appreciate have a mini fridge .
absolutely the best property and people . we ve been come every labor day weekend for 10 year plus usually once or twice during the year . for a family reunion there be no better place . the room be always pristine the pool area be a delight the picnic be and the bowling alley restaurant on the property make it ideal . we love it ... more
staff be extremely rude . shockingly rude . zero customer service skill .
the communal area in this hotel be rather shabby but the room and bathroom be ok . this have be the only hotel on my road trip where reception actually call me to check everything be ok which be a nice touch . the hotel be a couple of mile from the resort of heavenly and right opposite the lake . i would ... more
stay here for 1 night . friendly check in staff but the hotel need and overhaul . hallway be shabby and the room have a damp smell . the photo be mislead . if i be stay longer i would have most likely check out early and move elsewhere . the view over the busy main road be the high point with a lovely outlook ... more
the inn by the lake be ok by tourist area standard . the hotel room be old and need update . staff be friendly and recommend good dinner restaurant . best for family look to spend a vacation with lot to do nearby . heavy road noise but beach right across the highway and other family activity on site . not great for couple getaway . not ... more
so much to like beautiful view close to everything bowling pizza for kid right there and i especially love that my dog be welcome it s not much more expensive than the cheap motel around south lake tahoe shop for the discount .
check in staff be condescend when ask which room we have and make us feel less value due to book a budget room . general cleanliness of the room be ok but a few hair be find on the towel . the room also have very thin wall . the free parking and location to heavenly be very good along with the proximity ... more
i be in town for a bicycle ride around lake tahoe . i thoroughly enjoy my stay and plan to return .
bed not very comfortable and the price be quite steep even realize it be labor day weekend and many inn raise their rate otherwise very clean well appoint convenient to many dining place and lake activity .
we have a great stay at inn by the lake we stay in a one bedroom deluxe suite . great sized living area with well equip kitchen and a separate bedroom . sleeper sofa in living room . bathroom be big with jacuzzi tub . nice little balcony and huge window across the living room face the lake . room be super clean . a bit ... more
we choose this facility base on location and website and offering . i be very disappointed and would not recommend . the suite be unclean with item in disrepair . order a chill champagne and flute and have a warm bottle of champagne and dirty flute upon arrival .
the stay be great . very pleased with the hotel and its accomodation . the pool area and the dual level hot tub ... very relaxing . this hotel have everything around it especially if you have kid to entertain .. bowling ally and ice rink in the back resteraunt next door with very good breakfast and a ice cream shop with a up stairs popular resteraunt within foot from the hotel . oh the lake just across the street very very nice
fabulous location . conference facility bowling restaurant pool hot tub and fitness facility all close together and an incredible view of the lake . room be easy to get to . my only criticism would be the elevator . it take a long time to move between floor and it abruptly close the micro second you press the floor button .
it s be alright the vent leak water there be a lot of cold air from the slide door . no extra just alright i win t stay again
after the manger see that i be on crutch he move me to the first floor in the same type of room which be great for them to do for me . bed be great hot tub be awesome and staff be amazing . thank for a great stay
pleasant staff and management . look forward to stay again . close by fuel food and shop a plus . access to the freeway very easy . would be nice to have vend and an ice machine on the third floor but overall a nice place to stay .
first clean comfortable and quiet room . great view from the room that be bayside ask for it but breakfast area have same great view . great full breakfast free . staff treat you like they be glad you be there and glad they work there . several really good restaurant be less than .4 mile and .easy walk
we be very pleased with our stay . its worth get a water view . it have a great view of the bay from the balcony . the staff be extremely friendly and accommodate . the price be great compare to other water view hotel and it be worth it . we be a little worried something would be lack but that be not the ... more
at check in i be welcome with a smile and tell they have upgrade my room . up to date clean and comfortable . i be certain to stay again when in town . even the staff prepare breakfast have a great attitude this morning .
i be expect the type of property from year past where the quaint experience of baleen and the exotic decor reign . needless to say it doesn t even resemble what be . the first experience be with a property manager that appear to come from a different industry as he be extremely rude and overwhelming . the fancy elegance with the monkey theme ... more
i stay here for an evening during a recruiting trip to the area . the staff be extremely friendly and helpful with anything i need . they allow me an early check in and the room be clean and modern . i really like the lobby and its couch and chair give a homey and comfortable vibe to the hotel .
we ve stay here a few time and love it . the location can t be beat it s within easy walk distance of down town . many good restaurant nearby . the staff be super the hotel be clean and well manage . the lobby be always lively lot go on a very up beat place . nice bar in the lobby where you can also get snack .
i enjoy my 2 night stay at aloft one of my favorite chain . it be a fairly new hotel so room furnishing be in good shape . i check in go up to my room call down to request a better view and be immediately give a new room . i spend most of my time out and about so didn t take advantage ... more
the website look great the picture and description and the cert . of exc . from tripadvisor and at the time 4.5 star lead me to choose this . but when we get here the place be so very different from what we expect . we pay 357 per night and feel it be really more of a 150 200 per night place .... more
what a wonderful find . a lovely hotel with superb staff who provide excellent service and make you feel very welcome . fantastic room for the price and spotless . peter at front of house be a wonderful representative who could do equally as well in a top london hotel . he be impeccable . location be only a short walk from seafront and there ... more
a wonderful place to stay in santa barbara . walk distance of most everything you want to do . lot of restaurant nearby and william host will provide a lot of information about sb and where to eat what to do . a very nice deluxe continental breakfast with plenty of place to eat outside . wine and cheese in the afternoon and cookie and ... more
we stay in one of their penthouse which have a beautiful private balcony . a nice bedroom kitchen and lovely living room . every evening they have wine and cheese follow by warm cookie . in the morning they have a lovely continental breakfast in the morning . several block to the beach . great location . we stay 5 day and could have stay more
the dana be a vast property with tremendous view of mission bay . locate right on the bay front with excellent water view . watersport on site . 2 big pool and 2 hot tub . they have kid movie in the swimming pool area on certain night . con small bathroom toilet small sink tiny and locate outside the bathroom .
very friendly staff beautiful resort .
our family love the dana this be out 5th time stay there . love it
love our 3 day stay .. room very clean 356 very quiet .. comfy ... right on the beach step from the lake . kayak extra charge surfboard extra charge . 2 swimming pool . continental breakfast include . convenient rite aid right across the street and a safeway a couple block walk . relax here be easy .
we be look for a low cost motel in king beach for a weekend of ski at northstar . i be shock at the number of place that have disastrous review but be pleased with the review from ferrari s. so i make the reservation and keep my finger cross . we check in go up to our room open the door take ... more
overall the value be good for our purpose which be just a place to sleep . the front desk staff be top notch go above and beyond to make sure that our room be satisfactory . the kitchenette be useful . the curious stain on the carpet and duvet would make me think twice about stay here again however .
one of the reason we like the aqua beach inn because it be not one of those humongous hotel but smaller and homier . it be also very inviting when you first walk in . easy to unload you suitcase and get to your room which have everything you would need . gorgeous view of the ocean from your balcony and close to ... more
way too loud lousy wifi poor room design if you be plan to sneak in a little beach on a business trip . probably great place for a young adult or couple beach trip
positive ... the location be right across from the beach . the view from the balcony be amazing the staff be very nice and friendly . the manager work very hard and be there all the time . i be worried that she never get to see her family since she be always there . she really need more help . the maintenance man and the cleaning ... more
i have stay here for a month the last two winter ilove it.the staff be very friendly and helpful i have a refrigerator problem it be address immediately room be nice rate reasonable million dollar view and great location i will return again
we go to the room and it be so nice i go to the desk and reserve the room for an extra day . we be go to leave saturday but we add that extra night . we leave sunday wish we could stay longer .
i ve stay here several time and be always pleased with my stay .
great people and location . very happy i stay here . within walk distance of lot of restaurant entertainment and bar . the room be very clean and all room have a good view . i be look forward to commit back next year .
we arrive in the columbus area very late in the evening early morning without a reservation think we would be able to find a room . unfortunately that be not the case . most hotel be book around the major interstate area . the four point hold a room for us at their standard rate upon arrival we let them know that we be ... more
my brother and i have the pleasure of stay at this property this past weekend while in town for a college graduation . the hotel be well maintain and an overall great value for the price . also the lady at the front desk be very personable and give us a warm and friendly welcome . the perk of this hotel include free ... more
this be one of the newer four point not sure if it be build as a four point or a conversion from another brand . that say it s in great shape . locate just a couple of mile from the airport it s easy in and out of there . they do have a free shuttle that appear to run on demand i have ... more
room be nice but everything else be terrible . first off the hallway smelt like a 1970 s hippie convention . yes i be aware that it s legal in washington state but i think no smoking in the hotel would also cover that as well . the worst issue be the free breakfast . the breakfast attendant must have decide to save the hotel ... more
i have a four day business trip in tacoma and book into this hotel . i be very pleased with the accommodation the room be clean and large enough to be comfortable for stay there for four day . i sleep well and the temperature of the room be perfect the staff be extremely friendly and helpful . i would definitely stay here ... more
our 3 day stay be very relaxing . everything be convenient and stress free .
there be nothing major wrong just several small thing . the tv remote battery cover be miss and have be tape the alarm clock be show the wrong time and it have no battery cover or battery couldn t figure how to set the time . the ceilingabove the bed have a big dark stain there be a small tear in the couch ... more
it be pleasantly wonderful i would stay there all the time ...

i be always happy with hyatt place customer service except for the one time i stay at the lithonia location . my first bad experience come from the front desk staff . i come there on a slow monday afternoon 02 08 2016 first time at 12 30 . she didn t let me check in . i come back around 2 00 and she still not let me ... more
book here for family reunion in clovis . greet by jessa who be very friendly and yet professional . couldn t find luggage cart at checkin but tyler search one out for us and then to my surprise the maintenance gentleman help me unload my luggage . i don t like my room clean if i be stay a couple of day but do request ... more
as a very frequent traveler and ihg member often my internal hotel expectation be set higher than they should be . a common life error . this property exceed every traveler expectation with super friendly people and efficient service from the moment you approach the service desk . i be happily greet with a smile by jessa who take personal ownership of my ... more
a return visitor . very nice room find it to be clean very comfortable bed and a good shower . the staff be extremely helpful and polite . breakfast be real nice with good variety which make for a good start to the day . recommend this hotel when in fresno .
in a very cold night the holiday express offer a warm room great bed and spacious room . in the morning i be delighted with a great smile from angela who be make sure we have what we need . great breakfast selection i really enjoy the pancake machine .. great coffee too thank you and keep up the great job you be ... more
hotel be very clean great staff great service . restaurant have good food . outside fire pit be fun . lot of amenity . free wifi and good location near a lot of restaurant antique shop and thing to do .
we have such a wonderful time at the hilton garden inn . the staff be extremely welcoming and helpful . every aspect of the hotel be in perfect order . we go to the pool area and there be no towel so i call the front desk and towel be bring to us in a matter of minute . now that be service with ... more
excellent customer service . the purpose of my trip be get surgery at lsi and the staff at this hotel location be spectacular they could not do enough for me and my family . thank you to the entire staff
make sure you do not get a room with a generator and air con unit directly outside of the window . very noisy and low occupancy the night i check in . the hotel should be aware of this and take action not to give to guest when occupancy be low
i stay 6 night while on business . the hotel be clean with a very nice restaurant which be always a plus . the room service be also a nice perk after long day at work . the staff be friendly and offer to help in any way need . i will stay here again
very clean comfortable room . staff be helpful and attentive . decent fitness area . the hotel be situate central to some decent restaurant and you can dine on site too . i will stay there again next time i visit .
nice place to stay neat and staff be very homely corteous helpful so much so that you do not want to leave . close to a big target store for easy shopping . easy transportation to any part of the city .
i enjoy my stay here . check in be easy and greet by friendly desk staff . the room be very clean with modern upgrade . the hotel be busy but do not hear anything from the room . i sleep well as it be quiet and the bed be very comfortable . the room be bigger than expect . the location be excellent and easy ... more
we stay one night here in july with a 10 yr old . the hotel be very clean . room be up to date and comfortable . i sleep very well they have a nice area outside on a small lake where you could stroll or sit very relaxing in the morning . breakfast be impressive for be a continental breakfast . hot sandwich pastrie ... more
excellent service from friendly and efficient staff . sparkle clean room a little on the small side but very nice . enjoy the route 66 theme and photo opp with car out front . love the breakfast all the breakfast item you expect plus fruit yogurt and vegetarian and gluten free selection too . great job
our stay at rail haven be fantastic from the time we check in . upon arrival we be meet by a smile face adam . he be more than helpful with direction and advice . all other staff member be courteous and polite . the hotel be very well keep quiet and be a hidden gem . the outdoor sit area be a nice relaxing place ... more
rail haven be a superb example of the perfect route 66 place to stay . staff be very friendly and helpful . the hotel room be clean and decorate in art deco design which take you back in time . even though on main road you could not hear the traffic in your room . a very comfortable stay . the continental breakfast in the ... more
cool piece of history but nicely up to date . friendly staff and reasonable price . a little of the beat path but worth look for . the four of us stay in the family suite . 2 room king bed queen double bunk bed . lot of room great mattress .
not only be this a great motel it be also a route 66 historic icon the staff be super friendly and service be great . this be my choice hotel when stay overnight in springfield mo if you stay in springfield then this be the place for you your family associate and friend
filthy hotel . there be long black hair on our bathroom floor . candy wrapper and other garbage in the hallway . we be on the second floor and take the stair . stay out of the stairwell . they haven t be sweep in month . unfriendly staff .. parking be across the street in a sketchy parking lot . our experience be the worst ever . i suggest ... more
this hotel be very dated . room be clean enough though . the parking be limit . wifi be sketchy . bed and pillow however be wonderful i would probably not stay again though . not much around the hotel but we have supper at the red coach inn which be just around the corner . meal be great .
walk into this tired hotel and be put off . once i see blood on the carpet in my room room 350 i decide it be time to check out . disgust fortunately i have some helpful staff at the front desk that give me a refund so i could run out of there .
the staff be especially helpful and nice . i show up at one in the morning and still receive a courteous reception . breakfast in the morning be good as far as continental s go and the bed be quite comfortable with fresh soft sheet .
first night be okay there a band aid be in the pool my gf point it out and we leave to our room . second night a water pipe burst cause water outage for the whole building and damage their computer area . our room and our friend adjacent room have ant in it . the phone in our room be not connect to any inner hotel number so we couldn t have notify them of this issue or any medical emergency even if we want to use their phone system . when we leave sunday morning i notify the front desk of these issue and they say hotel gm would be call me to try and rectify the situation . this never happen . after wait a week i contact the hotel for a refund for the one night and they inform me since i book through expedia i would have to contact them . after get a hold of expedia they contact the hotel and be able to retrieve 1 2 of the cost of the night . i be amazed the hotel would not refund us our entire night consider the condition of the room and lack of basic service . we could not go to the bathroom for the entire night verify this at 10 pm and again in the morning at 10 be the water in the toilet be back up after one flush and have to drive down to chevron a few mile down the road to use their facility and purchase drinking water . i can t even begin to comprehend how refund half the night for these kind of inconvenience be fair to anyone who stay during this time . i can not recommend this place .
this be the 4th time we have stay at this location and it be wonderful . breakfast wifi and a pool . its also near all kind of store and food just fantastic . the staff be also very sweet and caring .
pay full price while hotel be under construction be not acceptable ... newly renovate room be mediocre at best ... room only have one chair ... no lounge chair ... previously provide when stay there ... furniture be cheaply build and make ... cleanliness of room be at best just acceptable ... find thing leave behind by former guest ... dirty floor ... bed be comfortable however ... breakfast be just ok ... nothing to rave about and certainly not a selling point for me to stay there ... staff be very friendly and informative however ... would hesitate to stay there again ... very disappointing for sure ...
enjoy the stay . your crew be excellent in spite of the power outage . your happy hour be very happy excellent service . the catering company be do a very nice job of make everybody happy . the front end staff be do a very good job the wake up computer need to be check out . the 11 15 pm computer generate wake up call be ... more
stay at a hampton be great as you know the product no matter where in the world you be . here however there be a much more inviting feel . the sale team be great and ashlie have always be very helpful when set up the event here . plus housekeeping here be top notch thank to jerry s effort thank you both and ... more
one of the nicest hampton inn around . room appear to have be refresh recently . bath be modern and bright . room be very clean . staff be very cordial . typical breakfast offering . be sure to ask for a room face interior not street side freeway . parking be ample safe area . fast food in same parking lot . room be really nice and it be ... more
we always enjoy our stay at hampton inns and have never spend the night in a bad one . this hi be up to the usual high standard and be a place we feel good to stay . the complimentary breakfast be more than adequate for our need although a non cheese hot choice would be most welcome . the staff be helpful ... more
great hotel wonderful location and good shop and great restaurant not just fast food within walk distance easy drive to the beach and to outlet shop if you wish . away from the crowd closer to la .
we stay here all the time when visit family in the area . this be my favorite hampton inn . great room super staff great breakfast good location close to shop mountain and beach . the front desk always work with us to get us a room that meet our need . recently renovate and always clean .
all of the staff we encounter seem genuinely interested in make our experience the best possible . they be all very accommodating starting at the front desk the moment we check in . there be no pretentiousness whatsoever . how very refreshing .
very helpful and friendly staff who upgrade the room even though they could not see from their note that it should accomodate 5 person . they also give very good advice regard restaurant and nearby attraction like six flag in la county . the bed be very comfortable and clean . the breakfast room be also very tidy and have plenty of space . there as also a nice pool there which we do not make use of . very good value for money . it also have a convenient location for us close to camarillo s attraction as well as other place within drive distance like for example la santa barbara malibu and solvang . the business room be also very useful and thing be in order .
it would be really nice if when a hotel be under construction that be state before it be book so we can then make a decision if we want to deal with it or not . it really be not a surprise you want when you get there . when i walk into my room there be caulk gun on the floor and other construction material lay around . how do that get miss when the room be clean
i have stay at this location several time and this place have go downhill . they spend a lot to upgrade it now they need to invest in good staff and bring back the happy hour i be put in a handicap accessible room so if you need those type of room they be well equipped
excellence in customer service room and the breakfast provide everything be do with such quality and kindness we occupy 7 hotel room while attend a family thanksgiving . it be unanimous everyone love the hotel thank you hampton
i be pleasantly surprised . i ve stay at many hampton inns and have always be pleased but this one be a cut above i like that it be tuck back off the main street and very conveniently locate . the room be pristine while still be invite and comfortable . the staff be excellent . i will be back
a shopping trip with my cousin . two day stay at the hampton . outlet be close by and we have a very nice stay . we will return . the bed be so clean and comfortable . breakfast be very good and lot to choose from . staff be very nice and helpful .
a little pricy but it be 4th of july weekend so we totally understand . but the price be well worth it . martha at the front desk be great excellent customer service from her always smile and be so helpful . we love this hotel location too . we will be back soon .
first come first serve basis should be put in effect . room be assign before guest check in and prevent me from get a much wanted side of the hotel . curtain change be very much need in room 224 . it s get a big window with very thin net looking curtain that will not block the sunlight in the morning .
the staff be marvelous and extremely helpful . our stay ws excellent . we stay here the night before our wedding with our whole wedding party . many of our guest choose to stay here as well and we only hear good thing about it . the one problem we have with it be that the first time arrive we do get quite lose .... more
good location to highway easy to get around if you leave before 6 a.m. . the breakfast make my day and the coffee be worth take a to go cup . people be always at the pool which be family orient . the staff be helpful and they have cookie in the evening .
great time clean hotel love the area love the fact the room be clean and bed be comfortable . family enjoy there stay . great service from staff they be bend over backwards to support our need .
everything be brand new as it be in the last 10 percent of be renovate . as such it be beautiful . the website picture indicate it be old as they hadn t update the photo yet so i be more than pleased to see the new remodel great location to the outlet mall and breakfast be wonderful .
this hotel be in an awful area and the picture make it look really nice in reality the pool be tiny and next to a car park the water be freeze and the general customer base at breakfast be a little out of my comfort zone . it be an overnight stop for me and i arrive late and leave early ... more
worst hotel i ve stay in non smoking smell of smoke and my eye be burn . they give handicap room shower head not high enough and no sink in bathroom not what be expect air conditioning unit noisy horrible
the woman who check us in upon our arrival be incredibly rude and immediately put a damper on stay . i m not sure if we be give a handicapped room or if they be all similar but the bathroom didn t have a tub and be absolutely disgusting . it be one big room with a drain in the floor and do not appear to have be clean in some time . one corner appear to have blood . at 5 a.m. a group of worker with cooler stand at the end of the other hallway from us and we re speak so loudly for over 10 minute it wake up my husband my infant and i. as my in law have recently move to the area i expect we will be visit tracy frequently but i will never again stay at this hotel .
uneventful and fine except i be tell they could not print invoice for charge because it be book through you . call me and i will give u the name of the employee and you can be sure i have call my credit card company to check on what be post .
the staff be friendly and they make sure check in and out go smooth . the room be a little dated and muggy but it have a nice bed and be clean . the bathroom be small and on the third floor have very poor water pressure . when check out they have bag snack at the front desk that include fruit granola ... more
the woman up front be always friendly and helpful . .. keep me come back when they recognize you and greet you by your first name
mold on bathroom wall . fixture inshower come off . very out dated . no guide for cable . far from a luxury hotel
great place for an extended stay enjoy the atmosphere the staff and everything around the city there in port arthur . enjoy the fact that i could use the kitchenette with the room when not want to go out to eat all the time when i stay for a few day . will definitely stay again when travel through the area .
the best place to stay in lafayette . we will be there again in april next year and be really look forward to it . it be close to all shop and restaurant and of coarse there be the festival which be the highlight of our trip.there be also vermillionville a park with many area of interest . 5
take family of 4 2 adult and 2 tween to lafayette on business . be pleasantly surprise by this hotel . it have a nice floor plan we stay in the one bedroom with the pull out sofa sleeper . location possess a secluded feel . every once in a while you will hear a plane fly overhead or an automobile if you be outside . free cover parking ... more
lovely hotel with wonderful service . the staff be delightful and helpful everywhere clean and appear newly decorate . lot of nice restaurant nearby . easy to access . the nicest best western we have every stay in .
i be involve in set up reservation for a group at this hotel direct bill be require as well as particular room request . both mandi director of sale and david gm be extremely helpful in make sure our need be meet . i be unable to travel with the group but i have hear nothing but good thing regard the group ... more
we stay at this motel for 5 month . the room although clean spacious and relatively bug free see several roach be not well light have crack and scratch in the wall and be noisy . we complain about the lighting several time and also our neighbor s squeaky door without result . finally we just give up and live with it . we check ... more
you re staff all have tell me different thing upon booking and arrival . they have tell me about certain special when i call and book 2 week prior then on the day of ... they be all confused on pricing and special . they didn t understand why we be book at a specific price as well as i be active navy . i be disappointed ... more
we be consider boise as a retirement place to live . we find the hotel to be very central to the area we want to explore . it be clean the staff be wonderful we don t have anything negative to say about our visit .
i always enjoy stay at oxford . nice clean even when it s a full house the service be excellent . great breakfast . friendly staff . room very nice and comfortable and give you that at home feeling . thank you
this be a wonderful facility in an unexpected location . we have a wonderful time . the soaker tub meet expectation . the fireplace make it very cozy . the breakfast and evening lounge be such a nice amenity . we hope to go back soon
our group meet each year and location have vary across the country . the group member live in the area make the contact and hotel selection . find a hotel with good price and suit to the need of our group can be a challenge . after consider approximately 10 hotel in the area with the capability to host our group we select ... more
stay here 2 night . room be large and spotless . full breakbast include even make to order omelette and egg . we didn t use the pool but there be lot of family there who do . strong smell of chlorine in the lobby though the first night .
i know you will think this review be too good to be true but this hotel be one of the best we have ever experience . front desk staff be great room be spacious and comfortable . and the evening free drink reception wow breakfast with egg cook to order fresh fruit and other food be fantastic . i can not say enough ... more
overall the room be pretty nice but my experience this time be not . first i request wake up call at 6 30 and 6 40 am . i didn t get either . my phone do ring at 6 45 but i have already shoot out of bed at 6 43 when i see the clock . when i tell the front desk how upset i be i didn t ... more
i be surprised at how nice this hotel be especially for the price . i win t stay anywhere else . beautiful lobby and room . best free breakfast anywhere . i don t know if it be recently remodel but everything look brand new .
travel with our high school varsity girl basketball team to a holiday tournament this past weekend in boise i spend two night at the oxford suite and enjoy it thoroughly . the usual 7 hour drive from coeur d alene take 11 which mean we go straight to our game and check in late . hotel staff adjust beautifully and have everything ready ... more
we stay here whenever visit boise . good room nice evening reception with two free drink with snack and great breakfast include with room . they even let us leave our car here for three week to save on parking at airport . there be a movie theater across the road and some good restraint available in the neighborhood .
my visit be like my previous one . fantastic . i be welcome at the front desk by carolyn . but it didn t end there . all of the hotel employee i encounter be equally welcoming . and upon enter my room i be greet by an oxford suite coffee mug with a welcome note and chocolate . thank you deborah . breakfast be great . lacy make ... more
we stay here as a perfect halfway stop on our way to and from a ski trip to park city utah . you enter into a lovely lobby . our room be not only spacious but have one of the largest bathroom i ve see with private toilet and separate tub and shower . the free drink and if you arrive early good snack ... more
we be frequent guest . we don t stay anywhere else in boise . the staff always take good care of us . find the hotel because they be pet friendly but also enjoy all the great amenity . i always recommend the oxford suite .
my experience at the quality inn and suites in ashland virginia be wonderful . from the time i enter the hotel till i check out the staff be very friendly and helpful . the room be really invite with modern decor with pleasing restful color . the bed be really comfortable with lot of pillow . the full hot breakfast be delicious with a ... more
i book online as we be drive back late from maryland . we need a reasonably price room to rest before head home . the first thing we notice when we walk inside be the decor it feel much more upscale than any other quality inn that we have stay in before . very post modern . johnny the night manager that check us ... more
i stay there two day an i have pay for a third night an i leave an come back the manager be horrbile an rude as hell he be so upset cause some one be use the coupon that s in the choice hotel coupon book you get from wawas . he be very rude an tell use we have to check ... more
we stay one night in mayberry motor inn during our stay in mt . airy . we fall in love with the place . it be very clean and neat . my sister love the andy griffith show and really enjoy aunt bee look alike show her the aunt bee room . a great deal of memorabilia from the show and about the show . her ... more
hotel be clean and comfortable quiet bed be comfortable with a restaurant within walk distance of the hotel . staff be very helpful breakfast be good . close to the interstate for easy access to hotel .
the room be terrible and the service be simply awful . never again return and would advise anyone who be plan on choose this place to not even waste their time because it would flat out ruin your trip .
we have small child with us the room be large and accommodating . we have a child with special dietary need and love have a full size refridgerator to store his formula . staff be all very friendly .
my experience check in and out be terrible . service appear lethargic uninterested and uninvested . i would have go elsewhere have it not be pour down rain . the sheet be too thin seem cheap and didn t make for very good sleep . i have stay here before and be very happy . that s why i have come back . thing be off this trip .
this be a great hotel for family . the room can accommodate six people comfortably and have a lot of extra space . the staff be friendly and see to every need . they accidentally check us into a room that should have be off market and immediately change the room for us . it happen and they be very apologetic and give us ... more
i have to travel to tallahassee to take care of a personal business in a government office . i book the hotel a few hour before i drive there . after almost 5 hour drive it be great to arrive in this nice and clean hotel receive by very friendly staff . the room be very nice and comfortable i ask for room ... more
this be a pleasant location with a very helpful staff . i be greet in a friendly way and my room be as select on line . the location be perfect for my meeting with fl government representative . i would recommend this hotel in tallahassee .
not only be the room clean modern and nicely decorate but it also sleep my family of seven comfortably . we book the 2 queen bed suite which also have a pull out sofa bed as well great value for the money highly recommend i will book a room again at this chain
perfect location to visit famu . local eating place be in walk distance . the mall be literally about 3 minute away . the feel of be in an almost new facility be wonderful . i would recommend this hotel to those travel to tallahassee .
from the moment i walk in the hotel i be impressed . the cleanliness and decor of the front lobby be very impressing and the friendliness of the staff be very noticeable . i have just have surgery and request 4 additional pillow at the front counter . by the time we get to the room the concierge service have already deliver them .... more
our stay be absolutely wonderful from the price amenity to the size and comfort of the room . that say alot come from a picky person like myself . we be totally satisfied with our 3 day stay . we really feel like we be at home . we will definetly be back again
we love everything about this hotel . it s updated and have a fresh 2016 look with brightly colored decor . it be clean and the staff be very friendly the pool be outdoors the fitness room have everything we need for some good workout
besides the outrageous price and refusal to give a aaa discount because they be at quota for the day the sheet on the king bed be too small and come off around the corner multiple time during the night . when the sheet come off it reveal some type of thin covering over the mattress that be very dirty . i would ... more
this hotel be wonderful . it be away from the hustle and bustle but be situate nicely . the mall and other restaurant be very close . we even take a 2 hour excursion to st . george island . we have a ball can t wait to go back .
you can t beat brand new . this hotel open in october . it look like it open last week . the room all have kitchenette . we appreciate the fridge and the microwave . the room the entire hotel be immaculate and the staff be friendly . the rate include continental breakfast our favorite meal . we be there to visit fsu which be about ten minute ... more
overall stay be great would do it again without any concern . everything about our stay be good . it be close to everything include my son school m younger son want to golf find a great public course right down the street . all be satisfied
the staff be great however the heating cooling system and cable do not work properly . when i attempt to make a reservation the staff could not get it right . i finally go online myself and do it . however they be very nice upon arrival . i just feel it be way too pricey for what we get .
i usually stay at holiday inn but get book here this time . i will be stay at a hilton from now on . this hotel have the most fantastic customer service from check in to check out . i actually get myself into quite a funny situation while stay here and they be able to solve my situation in a very creative ... more
staff be very helpful and the motel be very nice . modern quality gym good breakfast and the staff work hard to please customer . i will stay here again this be a pleasant experience . the manager make sure we have what we need for get laundry do in the middle of our vacation . you could tell he be involve with the ... more
love this hotel . the room and lobby be clean and neat . the room be well appoint with a full refrigerator microwave dish and other amenity to make the longer term stay very comfortable . this hotel be very environmentally friendly and even have enough towel bar knob in the bathroom to hang up wet towel so that they could dry and be ... more
last minute late night stay . hampton inn claim no room reserve yet have the conference room which be do at the same time this be an awesome find and best suited to extended stay and family . be a business traveler it be waste space and add comfort that we do not have the time to enjoy . would stay here ... more
room be clean . staff be great . the mix appetizer be quite good . really nothing negative except that their internet speed be cap at 2 mbps dl and less than 1 mbp ul which be inadequate for anyone on business expect to upload or download anything . there be no high speed option available even at a premium . this aspect cause me ... more
i be extremely impressed with the room . we book a two bedroom . both room have king bed . this be not like any other residence inn everything be on one floor and the entrance be not outside it s very classy . i feel like i be in an extremely expensive hotel . i m definitely stay here again
originally this hotel be book because i have to take a recertification exam at a location 2 exit south . it be mean to give me a couple of day to get away do a final review and get me closer to the testing center on exam day . i call the front desk to let them know my need for a ... more
efficient friendly staff help make every aspect check in stay check out easy and pleasant . on a long trip that really hit the spot . the room and amenity range from very good to excellent for this type of property .
renovated room be very nice . my request regard a room on the first floor and close to where i would unload ... handicap if possible ... be meet in all respect . breakfast be hot and fresh with all the usual item personnel be friendly and helpful
the room be very clean and newly remodel . the staff be pleasant . the only problem we have be the door do not fit right and the slamming of the door on the 4th floor be extremely loud . we have stay at a lot of hampton inns and never experience this problem with the room exit door .
check in be kind of slow the day i arrive but the staff be friendly and the room be clean and comfortable . breakfast be good and the staff be keep the breakfast item well stock . will certainly stay here again next time i m in the area .
excellent service clean nice room great breakfast the hotel be locate near a large mall food choice and convenient to i65 highway . a very good hotel and a great price . don t hesitate to stay here at all
2 adult and 1 child the 4th floor . very clean throughout the room hotel . staff give lot of suggestion for place to eat place to visit . free breakfast until 10 a.m. lot of choice . would definitely stay here again .
hotel be quiet . other than the ac that look like it come out of a crack house and the wear out mattress and elevator it be fair . do management ever check the room i like hampton inn yet i can not stand dirty ac . come on hampton . you can do better than this . i check in late and the staff be ... more
after read a few less than stellar review my husband and i be skeptical when we arrive 2 hour early to this hampton inn . it be an older building and many newer hotel be in the area . the staff welcome us find us a clean room that be available very early in the day the room be perfectly clean bed ... more
hotel and staff be exceptional . check in and check out be a breeze . the bedding be comfortable after a long day of travel . the breakfast be hot and delicious and include choice of eggs bacon oatmeal waffle choice of pastry and beverage . the room and bathroom be tidy . i will definitely return .
bed be comfortable . room need good deep cleaning . wall scrub . surface be pretty good . staff be friendly and welcoming . check in after dark and the area be not light up very well . it be quiet too thankful breakfast be ok . good waffle .
my husband and i stay at this motel for a night away without the kid . we be look for something relatively cheap near the little river casino and only pay 99 for the room . we have a single queen room and it serve it s purpose as somewhere to just sleep . the room be very small but clean and neat with ... more
nice people
after two night of tent and drive my son and i drive in with low expectation but a craving for some internet our phone barely work during most of our u.p . trip we walk in and receive our room key real key on those old long octagonal keychain in 5 minute . it be great to be able to park right ... more
i be skeptical about this motel but the price could not be beat so my fianc and i give it a try on a road trip through the up . we be pleasantly surprise by tbe cleanliness of this motel we check in around midnight and the staff be very friendly and helpful with direct us where we could get something ... more
we stay in a family room at the motel from sept 1st thru the 3rd . super friendly and helpful staff . we buy a bottle of wine not pay attention that it be not a screw top front desk have a corkscrew ... perfect room be not glamorous but clean and comfy . wifi work great and we have a good nite ... more
this be our second stay at the bar harbor motel we be very satisfied we like thee family room plenty of space everything be clean love the woodsy view . plenty of parking neibor be respectful and quiet . i love this place the first time we be there and like itequally on our second stay at the motel
acadia suites offer us a great location to stroll main street or to make a quick hop over to the park . the suite be clean neat trim functional and well supplied . our host be personable and attentive .
clean nothing fancy hotel . only one bed in room . right on busy highway so some traffic noise . great benefit of be across highway from shuttle bus to park . good value for price compare to other hotel in area .
it have be a number of year since my husband and i visit bar harbor when we decide to return . acadia suites have be our wonderful home away from home several time in the past and it didn t disappoint this time . location great a short walk to the bar harbor shop restaurant and village green bus stop the island ... more
i should have review the robbin more carefully before make my reservation . i would have be far happier spend 30 40 more a night and i be a thrifty traveler . first of all the room be not up to code there be no smoke alarm . the a c unit barely work probably because the filter need a cleaning badly and there isn t ... more
nothing fancy but cheap price and clean ... feel like this motel be build in 1950 s .... some sort of mobile home structure .... small with one bed but clean ... have a tv with cable a c and heat ... view of wood in back .... close to acadia park ... no hair dryer in the room but put one in per our request ...
this be our 2nd visit to bar harbor the bar harbor motel . i wouldn t stay anywhere else while in bar harbor . the motel be so clean our room have 2 queen size bed there be plenty of room for with a small table chair bathroom be spotless with plenty of clean towel the motel be outside the ... more
a wonderful stay at the bar harbor motel . wife and i stay in 2001 and think it be comfortable convenient cozy and clean . we come back for vacation a few week ago and feel the same exact way . we love the heated pool which be warm and clean with plenty of towel . we love our room so much . it be ... more
this be my first review on ta which should tell you we be very happy with our experience . value for money in the heart of prime time vacation season be excellent . every single person be extremely friendly . not a fancy place however that be not what they be shoot for . they be a very nice vacation motel with good sized ... more
location of the quality inn facilitate easy access to other part of the island while still within easy walk distance of downtown bar harbor . reasonable rate in a dated but clean facility . free breakfast be good but in a separate building .
we stay 3 night and have a blast in . my 2 boy share the back room while my wife and i stay in the larger front room . the front desk clerk aaron give the most informative lively and thorough welcome ever i probably comment on how impressed i be with the bar harbor motel way too much but i be ... more
this be our third stay at bar harbor motel . it be always clean and comfortable . the ground be lovely the staff be always polite and helpful . easy walk into the town center or a bus be available we highly recommend this motel and will be return .
the host and hostess be real nice . the hotel be very old with steep stair . noise travel in the building but luckily the median age of the guest be somewhere north of 60 so the place settle down at a reasonable hour . the breakfast be real good and the coffee be very tasty . the many outdoor location to sit add ... more
i really find excellent motel in grand island ... room be clean and very comfortable . front end executive be very friendly in nature and i also enjoy nice breakfast .. excellent customer service must be appreciate regard ash t
imagine our disgust when we wake the following morning and find that the bed sheet have stain all over them . if the hotel do nothing else they should make absolutely certain their housekeeping staff be top notch and that they actually clean a room and change the bedding . there be also dead insect on the floor of the bathroom . i now know why this hotel have room available while everyone else be sell out .
it be very quiet . breakfast be the same thing everyday .
the woman at check in be teriffic she go out of her way to be acomodate even to take microwave popcorn from her own stash and make it for my wife and i. if you have a family out there be a great pool area and attach resturant . we will stay again if we be through the area.thank you
ok for the price .. the bed be hard .. wake every morning . with a backache . the hot breakfast be a tub of bland mush oatmeal .
very safe area . shopping area and restaurant nearby
our softball team stay here for a tournament in duquoin . this be just an average hotel . the bedding be badly in need of update . the bedding have hole in them breakfast be ok . waffle maker muffin cereal toast bagel . the hallway smell like smoke however the room do not . the staff be friendly and courteous .
the room be comfortable quiet and clean . the desk staff be super helpful . they even lend me a wall charger for my phone for the night and offer to let me keep it when i go to return it the next morning . i be give direction to a great neighborhood to run through . wonderful stay
i call the best value inn in auburn me to inquire about an event take place there tomorrow and the front desk person who pick up the phone say to call back after 9 a.m. tomorrow yet the event start at 8 a.m. . when i tell him this he be extremely rude and tell me that this wasn t his problem . i ask ... more
we didn t even stay there we have friend drive by 3 day prior to our stay and they tell us the place be in disrepair screen out and filthy . we try to call them for 3 day to cancel our reservation and they do not answer the phone . on the day we arrive we try to call again and they finally answer the phone we tell them our problem with the hotel and they yell to late to cancel and hang up on us . they be now charge our credit card ugh you should take them off your site deplorable
clean room wonderfully comfortable bed . it be nice to have a microwave and a frig in the room . nice pool . fitness room pretty basic but at least have a stationary bike and treadmill . very good breakfast . check in and check out very efficient . staff very helpful regard any request we make . have stay here many time as our daughter be at the ... more
room be fine breakfast be fair and reservation be a disaster . poorly train reservationist say room would cost one thing and say he d call me back after speck with management for rate . he didn t. i call back the next day he quote me higher rate ... say rate have be approve . after fight for it an adjustment be make .
check in be easy . close to gas station and food . room for truck and rv parking . room be basic and hotel clean . wifi be good and continental breakfast be good . pet friendly . i stay here 2 3 time per year and it s a solid hotel i feel safe and the accommodation be what i would expect for the price .
the room at this motel be fine and the breakfast be sufficient but the wifi availability be terrible . in addition i have to stand by the lobby front door or go outside to keep my cell phone call from break up or drop as do other in our party . also the bathroom door automatically close unless you prop it open ... more
place be awesome clean room pool breakfast be good coffee ready all the time helpful staff bed be great have no problem with anything during my stay i would stay at this hotel again be for work
i be travel to the university of illinois for meeting with faculty and want a more convenient hotel than the hilton garden inn . the hampton be directly across the street from the beckman institute . i be able park my car at the hotel and attend all my meeting without drive . i could even walk 1 mile downtown for dinner . the ... more
i have stay here several time before . breakfast be above average with a large area . employee be very nice . the only complaint i have this time around be the extra soft bed . i feel like i couldn t even sit or lie on the end or side of the bed without feel like i be fall off but that s just my opinion . still a great place to stay .
we be travel and we be look for pet friendly hotel . we identify this one and when we arrive the lobby be empty .... very little furnishing .... however the lady at the desk be very friendly . we obtain our room and what a shock ..... the person next door leave the tv on loud for her pet . it be so loud that after think she ... more
first time stay at this hotel find it to be what a travel would expect during a business trip . i be very pleased that my entire stay go off with out a problem . good job wyndham
it s always a pleasure when stay at the wingate lake charles . la . the employee be always very helpful .
we have reservation at another place but we do not feel safe nor do it look clean . we have a last ditch effort to call best western plus again to see if there be any vacancy softball tournament in town . they have a vacancy from the moment we call the first time to the time we leave the staff be ... more
i ve be here less than 24 hour and this place be incredible . definitely live up to expectation i have create in my mind and i haven t even golf yet . it be truly a paradise with friendly staff great food and a wonderful room . we ve dine in both the tap room as well as th bench and both have be fantastic .... more
we arrive at pebble beach follow a scenic if challenging drive north through big sur from cambria and the hearst castle along californias famous curvy coastal hwy 1 . await us as we drive in to the ground at pebble beachwas greg picture . see greg with his raise welcome arm at the main entrance to the lodge signal that we have ... more
service be always impeccable there everyone you meet with go out of their way for you . the room face the ocean be just awesome wake up to the 18th green of pebble with the ocean behind it and the sun rise over the mountain in the background . never get old . the room be large and very nice even though they ... more
very nice hotel for temporary stay with big size suite of bed and canape which 6 can sleep in.beautiful lobby and perfect breakfast.just have to pay 8 extra for parking . it be modern design and good bed quality .
stay here a couple night for work . room be clean linen be fresh bed be comfortable water be hot taste great too front desk folk be nice breakfast be good internet be fast room ac work great smell be nice . no complaint . i leave a personal item behind and they go well above and beyond to get it back to ... more
we be here in los angels hawthrone because we have to attend my father in law s funeral . my family all come 3 adult with my granddaughter total of 4 of us . i book this hotel a week ago and didn t know our daughter or granddaughter will come until last minute . we be very please and happy that i book this ... more
locate in an out of the way set not far from the mall we have high hope for a good night s sleep since the area be low traffic . upon arrival we be give a sale pitch for the bar on site no we don t want to spend more money thank you and then speedily check in . we do ask about the hour for ... more
a special shout out to the hotel staff ... from the front desk to housekeeper i have never experience such a friendly staff
this must be the only hotel in america that doesn t have a complimentary breakfast . 30 for a couple of cup of coffee and four box of cereal milk and banana . the floor around the pool be very slippery ... our two year old grandson slip and fall twice while walk the room be nice and the courtyard behind the lobby be also ... more
the price be that of a hotel but it be really more like a motel . the hotel be clean and quite . but the cost be the highest i ve ever pay at a bw . i do not go to the pool so i m not sure the quality of the pool . pillow at a bw could always be better than they be .
i have to say i be never happy when i get out of my car and walk into my room . the room be clean enough but the air conditioner be loud and if you turn it off the heat be unbearable after a few minute . the door to the room be allow sunlight around all side and with opening like ... more
we be travel to a wedding in burnet texas and have wait too long to get the wedding block at a compete hotel . i m actually pretty glad it work out this way because we be pleasantly surprised by our three night stay at the best western post oak inn . i use to work for best western and be a little ... more
we recently travel to burnet on a business trip and stay at this hotel . this property be clean and well maintain . the front desk be most helpful . we enjoy the ample breakfast .the room be clean and the bed be very comfortable . good value for the money . we would highly recommend this hotel .
friendly staff wood floor in room . place seem to have be recently paint and nice tile shower add . the king size bed be very comfortable . the only issue i have be the a c be noisy while on high but it really work and keep the room cold even though it be in the high 90 outside . there be also a ... more
our dance group stay at this hotel every year when we be have a weekend festival in burnet . this hotel be the choice of the group and we be totally satisfied with the hotel and the staff . they treat us like royalty and we love it .
this be another typical motel run down by the ownership of a person from india . i will give them credit as the sheet be clean however the shower stall be dirty there be no shower head just a pipe the towel be stain and the carpet be so dark you couldn t tell if it be clean or not . the swimming ... more
hotel very clean great location . staff very helpful accommodating . room be nice spacious . would definitely stay there again recommend use the fitness room even though be a bit small but fit my need . the pool hot tub be nice too . don t have anything to complain about .
the criterion for me to give 5 star be pleasant front desk clean room soft bed quiet and good water pressure with an adequate free breakfast . everything be a 5 star rating except the breakfast and the decor . this place must have be remodel or be new ..... it be unbelievable if i could i would like to give this hotel a ... more
a very nice motel in the center of the city . as usual the service be excellent . i report a minor problem with the tv in the fitness center and it be promptly repair the next morning . this motel have the best rate in grand island for business travel for government employee . consider the best western any time you be stay ... more
very clean excellent location in the heart of downtown lincoln . have stay here several time for activity in downtown lincoln and have always be very pleased . not huge room as embassy suite but excellent for a date night . we would highly reccomend especially for pinnacle bank concert .
same room be give out twice to our same party that have a foul odor . room 412 . when we arrive we have book three room . only one room be ready so we take all our luggage to that room . once we enter the room there be a foul smell . we take all our luggage back down they store our luggage ... more
i travel a lot and this be the worst hotel i have . stench until i see a whole wall rotten . change room ... then the new room have fly live and dead everywhere . the air conditioning be full of dead insect and dust . bathroom spider caterpillar and sallete . we disinfect before use .
friendly clean and great coffee and cake with fresh fruit in the morning . the location of the room be conveniently across from police and fire house . the rate be affordable . mark also have map and pamphlet for guest that want to see the wonderful site of new hampshire . i would definitely return next year .
what a pleasant surprise the cottage be neat and clean and perfect for our family of 5 . we be toasty warm even when the temp dip to 28 43 with the windchill at night . there be a full sized oven stove and fridge with plenty of space to fit whatever food and snack you need to bring . the shower be ... more
what can i say this be trip 4 to carroll motel cottage and we seem to fall in love with the place more each year . unfortunately our stay be shorter this year but that do not take away from how much we enjoy our stay . everything be clean very spacious and even cook in the cottage do not ... more
to be short no wifi it work only at front desk and pool lol no refrigerator very old tv with bad reception with non working remote . very small room actually too small for 2 bed very old repaint furniture . stay away
late arrival .... spend about 5 min in the room . dirty towel and bed sheet . find 2 bug in the so call bathroom . tv from the 70 s and a carpet where you would prefer to keep you shoe on . thankfully the clerk give us our money back as he could see the bug himself . when we leave again .... see notice from a public ... more
we have an amazing time and love it there . quaint cottage beautiful pool and a fun game room . the family who own it be incredibly sweet . overall i d rate it a 10 if i could . the bed be comfy everything be clean the table and outside chair make it a great place to relax and enjoy the fresh air .
first time stay at a my place hotel .. room be wonderful large and clean . bed be very comfortable . love the kitchenette with the full sized fridge . check in be quick and the staff be very friendly . will definately stay here again ..
my place hotel may not be your top of the line hotel but neither be the cost . this be a nice clean and comfortable hotel for a price that be affordable . bed be comfortable and with the full size fridge we could store our item with room to spare . we be look for an affordable hotel for a comfortable night s ... more
great place to stay .. clean comfortable friendly great bed .. stay two night sleep great ... friendly service .. good staff .. only wish they have cookware and dinnerware in the room ... can t complain about a nice place ..
up visit for my son s graduation from cornell . the hotel be very clean and the staff be friendly . we take advantage of the free breakfast and be surprised at how much they offer . we have a one bedroom suite which be great for my husband and myself plus our daughter .
i recently host a birthday party at this hotel and i can not say enough about the team of people work here to start we have a small miscommunication over the phone but their staff say no problem and totally make arrangement to accommodate me then on the day of our event the staff be helpful kind engaged ... more
i spend a week at this courtyard my favorite hotel chain by the way . no doubt the most comfortable bed on the planet modern room well appoint of course but the real gem be the lobby bistro excellent staff trendy great food there be a bar fireplace live room area seat option and so welcoming and comfortable i again will stay ... more
we be pass through and always use choice hotel so give this place a try . comfortable and clean room . do not try out breakfast since we leave very early to get on the road . staff be very friendly .
stay there for a few day while work in orangeburg sc . the place be a dump . no mini fridge microwave half the light didn t work roach sighting at least a few time a day etc . the list can go on and on . be tell by front desk staff that the hotel have be foreclose on and be now bank own ... more
this be very pleasant hotel on the sout side of town . not far from the college but far enough away where it be quiet and peaceful . right beside the loop . good breakfast and nice room . a little older but remodeling have upgrade it .
i travel constantly and stay at hotel nearly every night and i can say that this place be no place for any human be the blanket be unwashed and the bathroom be disgust everything stink and be amazingly filthy . after a full day of fly cross country and drive 200 mile i be too exhausted to leave ... an there be ... more
nice newer hotel . very clean and staff be friendly . plenty of shopping and restaurant nearby . even an indoor go cart track and miniature golf for the kid grandkids . would highly recommend stay at this hotel to friend and family if in the indianapolis area .
have a great 2 night stay . janie take real good care of my fax and checkout process . will definitely stay again . they have a nice breakfast buffet . a comfortable looking exercise facility . a good sized pool . relatively close to a nice restaurant and walmart and mejer shopping center .
i have never write a bad hotel review before and i have not recently have such a bad stay.i travel frequently for business and family event . comfort suite be the worst hotel i have stay at in year . the hotel appear tired but our room be really bad the carpet be lump up from the base floor there ... more
do not take long at the check in counter . the room be clean and a great shower with lot of water pressure . food be very good for comp breakfast . stay only one night . have use hampton in the past and will again . first time in this location but glad we stay .
lonnette and the staff at the hampton inn lafayette go above and beyond everything be great friendly staff clean room and facility easy to get to and a great breakfast . i highly recommend stay here when in the lafayette indiana area
this hotel be very clean and comfortable . it appear to be one of the newer courtyard that feature all of that brand s latest amenity . the lobby area be a very inviting place to spend time while the rest of the family be in the room get ready . the room be above average . there be a nice breakfast area with make to order ... more
tom fulk and lonnette neill set the stage for a great stay at this hampton inn . we be a group of 53 guest and the stay be perfect . super clean room great breakfast and very accomodating staff . highly recommend
we stay here because it be on the list to stay for a softball tournament my daughter and i be in town for . check in be very quick and efficient . staff be friendly at check in . room be very clean and update very comfortable . we sleep great nice bed and pillow . the bathroom be very nice with extra towel . no ... more
to be honest at 52.78 include tax this be a good value for the money . the room be fairly clean ish and be a good size . however there be an underlying funky smell that be everywhere from the lobby to the room . when i lay down for the night the smell be not sleep inspire to say the least .... more
this be def not the worst place i have ever stay but there be a inch or more gap under the door pet room be on the back side of the hotel next to what could possibly be tenn grodiest swimming pool . highway noise be extremely high and the pool have a malfunction which have it make ton of racket ... more
the staff be very friendly and helpful . great breakfast with lot of option overall 10 out of 10 . nice pool and work out area . clean room and hotel with nice update design . that s all i have to say.thank you for your good review and we hope to be host you again soon here at the hampton inn knoxville clinton i 75 .
i come to this lovely motel from new york and have request a bonfire and the manager have set it up very beautifully for my family and i. we sit around it and tell story and make s more . this bonfire have give us the opportunity to spend quality time with my love one . the room be nice and clean and ... more
my wife and i spend three day at the cub while we hike in the park . it be off the beat path and away from the crazy traffic and price of gatlinburg . it s like stay at moms house . older charming style with a beautiful view of the park to the south . we choose the king suit overlook the mountain stream .... more
worst motel i ve ever go to . spider and other bug in bed . my room smell like throw up . their be a knife under the bed but thank god it be just a toy . bed have stain . bug in the shower . right when i get to get in the shower right when i turn the water on ..... brown water come out . you ... more
i stay here frequently . it be right across the highway from where i deliver truck . the room be always clean and comfortable and the owner be friendly and helpful . the pet fee be very reasonable 7.00 . the breakfast suck and there be no restaraunt nearby . they need to invest in a snack machine or snack display in the lobby . if ... more
econolodge it be . it be cheap in price and accommodation as well . room look just like what the name imply an old roadside motor lodge . the room size be very small and our king size bed have what look to be a queen size blanket on it . i will say that the bathroom be clean although the size of a ... more
pass through tn . and have to stop somewhere for the night . it be part of the choice hotel deal so we think maybe the room be nicer on the inside than the outside since they spend a small fortune on advertising billboard . the room be absolutely depressing . desperate need of update . wall be crack and dirty . the bathroom have fixture ... more
i make a reservation for july 11 2015 and when i arrive to check in they have already give my room to somebody else and say they have no reservation in my name . bashi patel your business be a joke and you have be report to hotels.com and the bbb and i be not through yet
average hotel . staff be nice . hotel be a little bit dated . a little far from chattanooga but locate in pretty area . no drinking water provide with breakfast . pool water be very cold . contenital breakfast be average .
we use this motel twice per year for an akc hunt test . we book several room for judge and guest . we have never be disappoint with the amenity or the staff . this motel be very pet friendly which be extremely important to us
i will never stay at a choice property again after last night at the comfort suite in knoxville cambbell station road . after attend homecoming at ut i be class of 1985 with my husband and 17 year old daughter and her friend we go to dinner and be tired from an early am departure from nashville head to our hotel ... more
this location be well above average for the comfort suite chain . no hesitation to recommend fit an overnight or longer stay .
this be the second time we ve stay here . it have very nice room with separate living room suite . it be clean and well maintain . slight negative mention above be breakfast and road noise . slight because the scramble egg be watery while bacon etc be fine . road noise be bad at 8 00 pm but by 10 00 it be pretty much go .... more
great hotel for the money
no problem whatsoever . very nice clean and comfortable . we visit family in knoxville from time to time . we will stay here again .
stay on january 2 on the way home from florida vacation . when we arrive darryl at the front desk ask if our kid be go to go swimming and i ask for a room not face highway that be quiet . he give us the perfect room on the first floor down the hall from the pool . my husband and kid ... more
very nice accommodation conveniently locate at turkey creek shopping area of knoxville . very good value for the price . staff extremely helpful . stay here one night while christmas shop in the knoxville area . would highly recommend .
very clean and nice hotel . good breakfast and very quite .
at this hotel i find a friendly staff spacious clean room and a delicious hot breakfast include with stay the hotel have an indoor pool and hot tub and an onsite fitness center but also offer a day pass to work out at the gold gym not far away . locate right off of interstate 40 convenient to ton of restaurant ... more
very nice . very clean . friendly staff . love it .
in town for soccer tournament bed be soft room be clean it be a great stay .
the hotel be clean and appear to be newly remodel . we enjoy our stay . we would stay here again if we be in the area .
the lobby look nice and half way update . check in get into room and immediately the smell of musty air conditioner decor be outdate nothing close to the lobby and the first floor . oh and there be no elevator and as you walk up the step to the 2nd floor you see the paint and trim on the wall peel ... more
pull up and i could tell this be a newer hotel i check in and be greet with a smile . i be very impressed for such a small town they have a very beautiful setup the pool be very nice and clean . the part that really impress me be the room it be very stylish almost as nice as a ... more
stay overnight for fun an have an excellent time . i be able to check in early and the room be gorgeous and roomy . go for a swim the pool hour be great . have a fun time at the bar there be live music and the food delicious . i would definitely stay again . only complaint be there wasn t a fridge and microwave in room .
be a great 1 night stay . lobby be beautiful very clean nice personable staff . room be very nice wish they have an option for a room w a king bed and a sofa bed we need to get the rollaway which be ok but only sleep 1 . pool be nice kid enjoy for a bit . breakfast buffet be great would definitely stay here again and recommend to those look for a nice place to stay .
great hotel . love the room . bed be comfortable . nice walk in shower . only complaint be that the shower go all over the bathroom floor . other than that it be great . i would stay there again .
upon check in i specifically ask the hour for breakfast the next morning and be tell it go until10am . well at 9 30 my two child and i go down and discover there be really not much there to eat . i proceed to attempt to make a waffle and the worker in charge of breakfast rudely snap at me that i ... more
wonderful . would stay again in a heartbeat . great breakfast and great staff . room clean and comfy . reasonable rate . girl have fun i m the pool . nice location . mini mall real close for food and treat
this be a newer hotel and very clean . my room 312 be very quiet and clean . no elevator noise or ice machine noise . the layout of the room be very user friendly with modern decor . mattress be very comfortable . great hotel for the price .
well so much for my nice soak hot bath . this water turn all the way up be about as warm ad a half hour old cup.of coffee and the paint above me be peel and drop into the tub . toilet handle must be shake to keep it from run after flush . after pay over 100 for this room i expect ... more
this be the 3rd time stay at best western in raton nm . we always rate it a 10 the staff food room be always super they have a gift shop that offer a wide variety of item to purchase . they offer 2 newspaper . they be very helpful on road condition .
we thoroughly enjoy our stay at best western plus at raton . it come highly recommend by a friend and justly so hotel staff be very friendly and helpful . the room be clean and very convenient . we didn t get a chance to sample the indoor heated pool but it look tempting . the bed be so comfortable . we have an amazing meal ... more
this rate very high in our stay across the us . nothing to complain about and every thing to be pleased about . look to be freshly redone . we do not use the pool but feel nice and warm to use . staff very pleasant and helpful . don t miss this one cost a little more than we usually pay but be in line ... more
nice and clean room mulligan restaurant have great food and service excellent buffet breakfast . usually stay at hliton brand if available but this bw be just as good or better i m definitely stay here again in the future .
the guy have be come to raton for year to shoot at a local range . once we discover the best western our trip quickly start to include our wife s and kid . the hotel be very clean have a good well keep heated pool the room be great and the breakfast be the best . it may be a little pricey for ... more
i can t give this property enough praise . we stay here quite unexpectedly because of a spring snowstorm that close raton pass in the afternoon . we have to double back to raton and begin frantically call hotel when it because apparent that we be not go to be able to make it home that night . we be among the lucky traveler ... more
this be a beautiful hotel with an indoor pool very comfortable bed and an extensive breakfast buffet . each of the employee be friendly and helpful . will stay here again when we be on our way through .
one of the nicest best western hotel we have stay at during our travel . clean comfortable room helpful and friendly staff nice breakfast include with each night s stay . we eat at the restaurant which have a nice selection of entree and the food and service be good .
be a veteran traveler and have endure countless motel stay i note that when pull up to the exterior of the raton best western there be nothing exceptional that catch my eye . however upon enter it i be surprised at the outstanding dcor and friendly staff inside the room be large and comfortable and i enjoy the exterior door for ... more
i hadn t plan on stay at a hotel i have plan to camp . it be a spur of the moment trip for me by myself and hadn t budget for the expense of a hotel . i also hadn t check the weather so clearly a camping trip fail . walk into the lobby here i be greet by rp who give me ... more
over the last couple of week we stay at three best western plus hotel . of those this be the best place i like a softer type bed which you don t usually find in a hotel but this place actually have a bed i like and i sleep so well . it be a really nice place to stay friendly and helpful ... more
very nice spot to take a few day and enjoy the local color and rocky mountain national park . the staff be friendly helpful accommodative and very nice . the room itself be large with a deck that face the river and feature large friendly elk who visit during morning coffee and evening cocktail . more importantly the room be very clean . i will ... more
my husband and i stay here for three night over the 4th of july weekend . we need a relaxing break from the trauma in our life since october . deer crest really help us achieve our goal . we have a river front king room which have the most comfortable bed . room be keep very clean by the very nice housekeeping staff .... more
room have a gas fire place but pilot light get blow out by draft . owner be offsite after hour and have to come relight it . they have four server for wireless internet but none work in the room we have . we make two call but they could not resolve it . we stay in winter . at 7 degree the cold water ... more
we have be to beaver creek a few time over the year but this be the first time we stay at the pines . well locate outside the village but only a short walk even shorter on the skiway to the bridge and the village . hotel have shuttle but we never use it because of the pleasant ski walk to and from ... more
this have to be the nastiest place i ve ever see . once you get past the tobacco spit on the wall and stair the walmart shopping cart and the dirty stinky clothe hang on the hand rail you make it to the room . the room smell like hundred of cigarette have be smoke in it and it have never be air ... more
i stay at baker s for a weekend at the beginning of december . i have a king suite with kitchenette . full sized refrigerator two burner stove fully stock with everything i need to do my own cooking . very nice room and very clean . the staff be quite welcoming and friendly . they don t have a water park but do have a nice ... more
we have a great stay at baker s sunset bay resort . we love that we be close enough to the water park and restaurant but away from all the traffic and craziness of the same . clean room and friendly staff . wish the beach area be a little bigger but it s nice they have paddle boat and kayak you be able to ... more
clean and nice room . freindly and knowledgeable staff . there be two pool one inside and outside and both be in great shape and clean . the resort have a nice beach with kayak you can use . very pleasant experience
my husband and i have be come back to this hotel yearly since 2004 . it s great to see that there be thing that have stay the same at the resort and many thing that have improve . it s clear to see the investment that the resort make to both keep up and maintain what they have as well as improve other ... more
excellent connect condo for our large group . we do not choose to use the the local amenity but it be close to the volleyball center which be our purpose of travel . the hotel staff be welcoming and easy to work with when reserve our group room .
i go here over 20 year ago when i be a kid for a family reunion and i be pleased to see it look exactly like it do then . of course it be update and very clean . the worker be always maintain the resort . i love how you have 3 different pool area . the water inside be a little too ... more
very nice resort to spend a weekend with a family or just someone special room be very nice . around the resort very nice volleyball and small sandy beach but also nice fire pit for the evening . and easy to get to the dell from here . its a must place to check out .
we be very happy with everything . a continental breakfast would have be an add value . we would recommend this hotel to anyone look for grear accommodation and staff not far at all from wisconsin dell
i be so disgusted and disappointed with my stay here . the room be dirty and dusty cobwebs grime along floor board bug in windowsill the shower be filthy the entire room be extremely outdated carpet all over the wall floor to ceile an accordian door on the bathroom the sink be loose on the wall dirt mildew re in the ... more
family own land up in montello and my parent always book here whenever we visit when i be a kid and i still love the place even as an adult myself . very comfy and the room have this good kind of cozy scent to it . bed be comfy and room be always clean . the maid be always friendly and often ... more
this be the first time we stay at this motel . we usually stay at chain hotel with a free breakfast but none be available . so we decide to give this a try . it be nothing fancy but have all you need . as long as you don t need a hair dryer or shampoo which we didn t. the room be small but ... more
it be lead than 80 for one night . but the room the service and the breakfast be top quality . we will definitely stay at this hotel next time we go to chicago .
me and my husband use this hotel for date night several time a year . it s clean and the staff be super friendly . the breakfast be good and it s quiet . the price be ok could be better but you get what you pay for
it be okay bed bed be soft pillow be hard the toilet seat be small . the interior be 1950s era and in dis repair . have no service no wifi or breakfast serve . super 8 in peru be much better at least they give you something to eat in the morning . if you need a cheap place to stay this place ... more
we make our reservation in advance . when we arrive the lobby be very cluttered and dirty . we check in and pay cash for our room . when we enter our room it have a very bad odor . i pull the bedspread and sheet back and there appear to be some type of small bug . the sheet and bedspread either be ... more
good breakfast . very convenient to dollywood .
stay here 4 night and be very pleased . room be clean and well appoint .. it be comfortable and quiet . also very close to everything . staff be pleasant and helpful . good breakfast . would not hesitate to return .
we call last minute after stay in a cabin that be not very good . they be able to set us up in a queen suite just as big as the cabin and much much cleaner love the friendliness of the staff would recommend to all friend and family plus this be much cheaper then the cabin . we will stay here ... more
we be fan of the hilton and hampton inn hotel chain . have stay at many of the property throughout the us . the positive for the hotel ... it be locate near many local attraction such as hatfield and mccoy dinner show titanic museum and wonderworks . the hotel provide a good variety at breakfast time . but now the negative .... when we arrive at ... more
the breakfast be delicious and the staff be friendly . i have a problem with my room it feel damp and the carpet could use a good shampooing but the manager do try and solve it but couldn t so i leave .
after visit family and friend in woodbury tn we do as always off to the mountain . for our need this hampton be the most convenient which accept pet close to outlet and the most important go kart . the outdoor pool be beautiful with a cozy fire pit . we will stay here again .
this be our 3rd time stay at this hotel over the last 3 year . we have one issue with the a c the first year and they give us another room asap . never have any other problem here the staff have always be nice and the ... moredear kathy m thank you for your comment and your repeat business as both be greatly appreciate . we be so happy that we have earn your loyalty . provide clean room and great service be our top priority and we be delighted to know you receive ... more
very clean very polite local english speak staff . very good breakfast buffet . nice outdoor pool . have stay several time with 0 complaint . i have stay other place in murray but this be by far the best value overall . i have no reservation recommend this hotel .
i have be stay at this hotel for 25 year when i be in murray ky what the hotel lack in amenity the staff more than make up for it . from the top down all be so extremely helpful and cooperative . i love the university inn best western
stay here since i be travel alone and look for decent rate . i pay about half the cost of the other newer motel option available at this i 40 exit . the plus nice friendly staff decent breakfast reasonable cost quiet . the negative older property and furniture poor room light mediocre bedding and towel . i would stay here again if travel alone .... more
we have stay at this motel many time while visit family in tennessee . i never even consider another motel . we have always be treat very well here . everyone be considerate and friendly . the price be just right and the location be convenient for us . i recommend it highly .
excellent staff clean room easy to check in and out . great value . the room have wifi which work well and a great refrigerator . the bed be comfortable and we be able to control the temperature to our liking . we have plenty of towel and washcloth and they be nice and white and smell clean .
if you just need a clean room for the night this will do . have a comfortable king bed and a good night sleep . the linen be not top of the line but i didn t expect that for the price . pay about 80 which be not bad for the area . many restaurant close by . an adequate breakfast be include to get ... more
i will never stay here again . no elevator . we be locate on the second floor not handicap accessible . i m not handicap but it s do a real number on my knee . sheet be yellow . cigarette burn in a non smoking room . smell musty . stain on the chair . mold on the ceiling above the bed . dust and cob webs behind the chair . t.v .... more
our first room have an interior door that lead to the adjacent room and the lock be break . so we ask for another room . the next room smell like someone have burn a pack of cigarette as incense in the room . we book a non smoking room . at that point we be just glad to have a room where all the door lock . i would not stay here again
the room be extremely outdated and have a musty odor . the parking be not the best .
last minute decision to stay here . front desk be friendly and helpful . cheap price get us exactly what we expect a no frill bare bone room . convenient location right off i75 south next to lot of restaurant and a whole food . little tricky find the entrance at night . pool area look like it would be good in the summer .... more
awesome place get it at a great deal . room be spacious and clean customer service people be very nice and respectable . would definitely want to stay again when in that area .
the lady that work the front desk who to this day will not tell me her name be extremely rude to me in regard to my simple request for some water . you can get it our of the sink like everyone else . be her reply to my request although i couldn t find water suitable for drink there be no lack ... more
we be there for only 8 hour but it be convenient and good for a quick sleep . be throw off by the 10 charge for the pet when it wasn t mention in the reservation process . we be tell pet be welcome but no additional charge . we have some rambunctious neighbor and the office take care of the issue as soon as we call down to the office so that be great
water wouldn t stay in sink and toilet run all the time . have to cut off water at night to be able to sleep
it be by far the best hampton i have stay at . it be immaculate new and staff very helpful . it be always my favorite business trip that i take . it be such a refreshing break from the every day trail
just as expect hampton deserve a pat on the back . the staff facility and accommodation be excellent . this location come highly recommend and knock it out of the park . my family will be back the next time we re in knoxville .
staff be freindly and knowledgeable . however it be overlook by the poor house keeping . when i find hair and the smell of perfume on the sheet and comforter i immediately request freshly wash linen . the chair i be giong to use appear not to have be dust in a couple of month stain on just about every item ... strangely the ... more
this be a completely standard mid range chain hotel with nothing more to add except that the bed and the bed linen be noticeably better than i would expect . apparently i have to write more for this to qualify but there s nothing to add . i think the gym be ok but they re all the same after a while . but the ... more
we have a great visit at the comfort suite . the hotel room be spacious we have a small adjoining living room space in addition to the bedroom and the room be really clean . the bed be extremely comfortable great pillow . we have pleasant interaction with the front desk who be more than happy to help us with any question we ... more
we recently stay at the comfort inn rensselaer amazing room and a great staff . we be attend a family wedding and we re treat like family we will definitely stay there again when visit indiana .
i travel weekly with my career and i generally stay with the hilton family most often hampton . the hampton in richmond be a very decent hotel and the staff be courteous . i recommend this hotel and i stay here several time a year .
the ri be a cute town house look community locate between both freeway and 10min from campus . they have an outdoor pool . tennis court small 3 machine work out room . the hotel room state that the hot water be lack and be limited so forget about take that nice relax shower after a long day if more than one staying ... more
do not stay at this hotel . i leave my room for an hour after i check in and someone go in my room and steal my laptop and my suitecase and the hotel take zero responsibility for the incident . not a safe place i would like to apologize once again for the incident that occur earlier this month . i have turn over all pertinent documentation to our risk management department . any future correspondence will be address by our risk management team .
this hotel be originally a livery back in the 1860 and it have all the character and charm a boutique hotel should have . a manager there tell us the support beam and post be from the original building very cool . the room be large and design with an antique flair and each room be attribute to a florida governor so ... more
we stay there for one night on fsu graduation weekend . reservation be make far in advance and we request a second or higher floor room . we arrive at 1130 a.m. on the day of and be tell that our room be not ready perfectly acceptable as it be a busy weekend . i remind the front desk person that we ... more
visit talahassee each year for a legal competition . the hotel be central and a short walk from the supreme court . this year we decide to give it a try . book two room one for my son and his team mate and one for my wife myself and daughter . our room be interesting . it have a loft which be the main sleeping ... more
have issue with checkin in everyone be back up there be two seperate hotel across a busy street from one another . tbe hotel be in the hood . key do not work clean up lady be more help than the front desk staff . get a name brand hotel maybe a few minute further away from downtown than this place .
i be a little worried upon drive up to the hotel as the outside look a bit rundown . upon enter however it be like step back in time . absolutely beautiful lobby area staff be very attentive and helpful . room be very nice as well . restaurant envoy have the best brunch i ve ever have they do small plate instead of ... more
the hotel be old but fairly well maintain . i would not call it a 4 star hotel . our problem have to do with the shuttle pick up after a day of be at summerfest . we be tell that the shuttle would be at the designate pickup area every half hour so we be there a little before midnight . i decide ... more
we enjoy our stay the staff be friendly and helpful with info about where we be visit . we have dinner at the envoy which be delish and then drink in the lounge . we will be sure to return on our next visit to the city
when i bring photo of dry vomit to the front desk they be dismissive . they ask if the sheet be dirty or stain . need i say more . sticky stuff on nightstand . security guard on the floor and security camera everywhere . especially as young woman be safe and stay somewhere else .
unfortunately the furnature and decor be from the late 1960 or early 1970s and it also appear it hasn t be keep up since then . they allow pet but unless everything else be book as it be for me i will not return to this place .
we stay one night . i peak into the pool area and it be show its age but look like it would do if you have kid . the public area be clean ... the carpet in the hall be in good shape and well keep and the lobby bathroom be sort of clean . the room be spacious and the bed linen and cover ... more
this hotel be a fine place to stay . i can t really say anything particularly bad about it but there also wasn t anything great about it . it isn t close to anything . we have to drive 15 minute to get dinner . the room be clean but nothing special . i see a review that say they didn t feel safe in the parking lot ... more
i just love be in this hotel every time i come to madison i be stay at the magnuson grand hotel .. great breakfast even better pool . the service be just great all around.my kid love get in the swimming pool and i love the fitness room .
this be a solid 3 star hotel the room be old and smell like mildew . the air conditioning be loud and drip . if you get a room on the ocean they have good view and a good balcony . the staff be nice at check in . it s not great but not terrible . it s a typical miami 3 star hotel .
great location this hotel be great resort wise right on beautiful beach and ground of hotel beautifully keep but room be very tired look clean but outdated . could do with a make over . about a 15 taxi ride from middle of ocean drive south beach .
we have a great stay at this hotel . super nice and helpfull staff that make this stay special . enjoy free wine taste with a nice girl in the lobby and live music . worth it price and location for the hotel will definitelly come back to stay
basically a nice hotel but service leave a lot to be desire . for the money you pay these thing should not be a problem . we be give coupon for a free breakfast and free drink but as compensation i d rather have thing go the way they be suppose to .
my girlfriend and i book the sheraton for our weekend trip to miami .. the hotel do not get our book correct we be not give a balcony room although we have book one . they would not accommodate our request to move to a balcony room and state the entire hotel be sell out so we suck it up and go to the standard double room . upon our arrival we be hit in the face with a sweltering tiny room . the room temperature be above 90 . we call the front desk and explain the problem only to be dismiss very quickly by rude staff again state the hotel be sell out . they send up the maintenance man who say he fix it after try for less than 10 min . three hour later room be still insanely hot so we demand a manager come up to check it out . finally two manager come and confirm that the room be indeed unbearable and we weren t just complain for no reason . another 6 hour later at around midnight we be give a new room an upgrade to a suite which be honestly a standard size room whereas the first room which be suppose to be standard be a sardine can size . the staff leave our luggage in the lobby for hour before bring it to our room at midnight and say they didn t know who it belong to so they couldn t move it to a safe place . the staff be rude the hotel be rundown the room be tiny the bar be gross the pool water be disgusting . this hotel be just not good . i d spend a little bit more of the money and stay elsewhere .
all the staff all look unhappy and miserable i think the hotel be in dyer need of some tlc . or serious attention . quite lacking for its position and pricing . wait staff in the breakfast area be very helpful and attentive . thank god the friendly staff next door at the fontaineblur be there to save the day n night
parking fee be too expensive . 29 dollar per night be a lot . hotel should review and consider to low that price for customer . personnel that be take care of the car valet pkng think that be in the racing drive the car too fast .
book for 2 day for a family vacation while in miami .. big mistake . still on my first day and i could not wait to write a review.dont know where to start but hotel be around 200 cad a night with nothing included.upon arrival the check in be quick but not welcome at all.the asian girl have a very bad attitude.i ... more
great
there be a small black bug in my room by the bed . manager i don t know what kind of bug it be throw it in the trash . he shrug his shoulder and say there really isn t anything i can do for you .
the hotel be really nice even if room be small and the bed be so cozy it be like be in s best the pool be nice and clean and we have no problem get a beach chair their . the beach be amazing it be clean and have nice white sand
only spend a night at the hotel at the end of november . location be great with access to the boardwalk . room be clean and check in and out go without a hitch . however as note we run into problem with the parking . the hotel do not have parking . you must park across the street which be also use for public ... more
be suppose to be in the nicest room of the hotel due to point . but accommodate us with a balcony view comp . champagne for my birthday which be extremely nice of them the location be right next to fountain blu so be upper miami beach . the food buffet be awesome everything still warm and all . good serving time
too bad i be out do so many thing in miami that i barely have a chance to actually go to the beach but finally the evening before we leave i partake of the large hot tub then easily walk to the beach there be a few step so not easy to do if you have a stroller . the sandy ... more
great group of guy run the jet ski we have a blast and feel very safe love the fact they be so close to our hotel definitely will return .
perfect place if you be look for a more reasonable quieter and not so expensive place to stay . the best part of the hotel be that it be on the beach and boardwalk . some of the room have an ocean view which be worth it if you plan to spend any time in the room . however the tricky part be ... more
hotel provide a list of restaurant nearby . this have nothing to do with the hotel but be wary of delivery in this area the food pretty much suck at least the chinese and pizza . the hotel be awesome . shuttle will take you anywhere you need to go nearby . hotel be service be spot on . love my room . can not go wrong with hyatt place . clean comfy spacious reasonably price . highest recommendation .
great hotel very friendly desk personnel . you should note online and on phone that your free hotel shuttle be for dfw only . i call and confirm that i be fly in but no one ask me which airport i have to take a 30 cab each way . that would have make a difference in my choice of hotel or flight .
i enjoy my short stay at hyatt place . the hospitality be really good and my good experience start with the interaction with the hyatt shuttle driver . he be very nice and warm in help me . the hotel staff be very good as well carry a warm smile on their face and always available to help . the quality of the room ... more
my stay here be awesome . stay here to break up my journey and get a good night s rest . really friendly staff .
my wife and i select this hotel to attend a cowboy game . this hotel be reasonably price be convenient to expressway restaurant and shop free wifi parking and breakfast . breakfast consist of egg sausage a variety of bread bagel doughnut juice and milk . the staff be pleasant and helpful . my room have modern decor a 42 inch tv spacious room ... more
i be connect at dfw but weather cancel my connection and i get stuck . everything near the airport be book so i book the hyatt place . staff be amazing friendly and professional . the room although comfortable look a little low end but i be there only to sleep a few hour . really can t complain . and it be quiet and the water ... more
such a great experience we travel as a hockey team and the team at hyatt place be so accommodate first my room wasn t ready at 10 a check in be far later so they get out some cold breakfast item for my son to keep us occupied until it be ready . the room be clean modern and spacious . at the ... more
the staff be amazing . the toom be a nice size . we have a king sized bed with a pullout sofa so 4 can sleep comfortably
we stay here after our wedding and be not disappointed . this be definitely the nicest option in town so it be great for our occasion but it s also affordable when look for a staycation or just pass through tulsa .
i stay for one night for business . the front desk staff be friendly . room be clean . tv work . free wifi . clean shower . not much more i need since i be only there to sleep for 6 hour .
good accessible location . very comfortable bed . good breakfast offering . verrrrrry accommodate staff . good exercise and technology facility . close proximity to pie airport . all positive on any criterion that i use to evaluate a hotel particularly include price . also close to some excellent golf course .
worth stay here great breakfast .
last minute online reservation and it be perfect . front desk staff give us a discount after find out we be military . we ask about breakfast time since our flight be early 7 a.m. and we be inform it start at 6 a.m. but we could just ask morning staff and they could get us something to eat more later . also less than 5 ... more
we book the hotel for a two night stay . when we enter the hotel room we be satisfied with space . we be surprised no extra blanket and pillow be in the room for pull out sofa bed . front desk be polite and provide them upon request . breakfast be mediocre at best . a c in room be ok . constantly humid in the ... more
we have a great stay . have to stay at this hotel after check into and out of a different hotel due to issue at the property . we should have just find this hotel first and stay here . front desk staff be very nice . breakfast attendant could have be a little sunnier . we would stay at this property if ever back ... more
since i walk in the door the girl be very attentive . i have book the worst hotel right before and have to book this hotel last minute and be a little bit hesitant to stay here . the room be very spacious and clean great clean pool . jennifer at the front desk be amazing she help me find a good room ... more
when we travel to tampa fl . we stay at the baymont . this property have new owner and i can see great improvement and up grade . at check in alice be very friendly and helpful . the free breakfast be an average continental breakfast . the hostess at breakfast be so sweet .... dorothy with house keep service our room and she be very sweet and ... more
stay 3 night and it serve my purpose well . only return at night to sleep . ate the breakfast 1 time and it be ok . coffee be good and that s important . the king bed be very worn . could almost feel the spring . time to replace the mattress for sure . housekeeping do a good job . i have friend that stay at a ... more
first of all they say they don t rent room to florida resident unless you put up a deposit but they don t tell you this until you get there when it be to late to cancel or make another re somewhere else . my weekend there the temp drop down into the 40 and the room furnace do not work so cold ... more
do not stay at this hotel disgusting . door to get in do not work stain on carpet rust on sink and shower area dirt cake on molding shower curtain be break make water go on floor curtain in living room be broke . mold on patio phone be broke and some sort of red stuff on it and beyond gross certain body ... more
check in very helpful . room probably as we think from the review we take a chance see the comment about refurbishment . bed comfortable in main room pretty shocking bed settee for the kid to sleep on in the sit area . pool look dirty although we do not use plenty of other do . gym very poor and should be remove as a feature planet fitness ideal if you do need a day pass for a workout location absolutely fine for busch gardens . noise no real problem at all . price absolutely fine . wifi just about ok . breakfast ok . we be not disappoint as such the hotel be ok they know they need to refurbish but probably need to do this sooner rather than later to avoid too many negative review . our main reason for choose the hotel be because it have separate room for us and the kid and it fit the bill for this reason .
the hotel suit my purpose . staff be helpful . last 2 night have no hot water . sink light stop work 5 day into trip . the price be good . room be as clean as it could be . have microscopic crittur come from the sink electrical outlet . overall like the place . if you be look for basic this this the place to stay .
very dissatisfied with the staff and the lack of care about at least 5 different guest that we know of not be able to check in until after 5 00 pm because room weren t ready . it s a holiday weekend you would think they would be staff a little better . they be less than a mile away from a theme park and should no how busy they would be especially on a holiday .
great staff and location be perfect to hop on a van pool for downtown . staff be helpful and great parking lot . need space since i be pull a trailer room be spacious . breakfast be awesome would stay againdear recent guest thank you so much for stay at the embassy suites nashville airport . i be so glad you enjoy all aspect of your stay . thank you for your business and we look forward to see you again in the future .
great hospitality . bent over backwards to help . accommodation great staff great . everything expect from marriott . would definitely stay here again when come back . academy 12 15 minute away . plenty of choice for food nearby
we find ourselves without a room and drive from philadelphia to virginia over memorial day weekend . there be no room to be have anywhere and we be lucky enough to stumble onto this residence inn . jacob answer the phone and be immediately welcoming and kind and book our reservation easily . we arrive around 11 45 pm with our 3 kid and ... more
this hotel be old and it show . they have update some thing but the layout be very inconvenient for get in and out . the pillow be not comfortable and the toilet seat fall apart . the sofa be hard as a rock . the tv s be flat screen but the display be awful and the channel be 1980 s basic cable . the internet ... more
this hotel room be great just like home . full kitchen living room private bedroom large bathroom
i have stay in this hotel twice in the last year . i have a great experience both time . the suite be very clean and the bed be very comfortable . we have a one bedroom suite that include a full kitchen a comfy living room couch pull out double bed in addition to the king size bed in the bedroom . the suite ... more
very impressive stay . friendly and efficient staff . great complimentary breakfast in a lovely dining area . a surprise complimentary cocktail hour in the evening .... wine beer cheese and cracker .... even cookie for the sweet tooth . unexpectedly 5 star weekend for us
the room be clean and the staff be very friendly and helpful . our only complaint be that the tv have terrible reception and have line through the screen . also there be definitely people smoke pot on our floor as we could smell it everyday . the only other thing be obviously unavoidable like the construction right next door that be very loud and the power go out one morning .
in theory i like the idea of a suite style hampton however my room be still small and i be not particularly fond of the layout . i do miss have a work desk and comfortable chair . my choice for work be either on the kitchen bar counter and sit on high chair or sit ergonomically poor on the sofa with the ... more
i would stay here again . the ease of highway access to downtown and local nearby place to catch a quick bite or drink . darcy s just a walk around the corner be a good place to catch lunch or dinner . the pub have that bistro type environment with open air setting . couldn t have plan a better place to stay for our ... more
nice quiet area with restaurant within drive distance . the staff be pleasant courteous and professional . it would be a little hard to find without a gps but not daunting with it . would stay here again .
beautiful part of denver . easy access to freeway and so to other part of town . nice choice of restaurant and grocery store . enjoy have a room with a kitchenette . mostly appreciate the friendly and helpful staff . easy five star all around for this property .
my wife and i spend three night at the dtc hampton inn . we be unable to get a decent night s sleep any one of them . the hotel have be remodel but it be an older hotel and the remodel do not include the kind of construction and soundproof you typically find in a hampton inn i travel regularly and stay ... more
great
the weather be horrible for our weekend in denver but the hotel make a nice difference . the staff be very nice and helpful . the room be comfortable and clean . i would especially like to thank kerry at the front desk for work so hard to make sure everything be right
the motel be apparently very popular with cruise and airport traveller thus the staff quite often struggle with crowd queue at a time . in which they do their best to make all the guest feel comfortable . however sometimes it be simply impossible . so whenever you want to ask anything at the office it be better to call than to wait ... more
this have a really nice swimming pool . a good breakfast and you can dine beside the pool and it s right beside a mall and there be a shuttle right to the cruise port . the challenge be that the room be clean but really old . paint be put on the room but it doesn t disguise the age of the building . the ... more
if you have a car and be travel with someone else and you really need a cheap place this place may work . if you need a one night stay before a cruise this be ok . but if you be alone don t have a car or hope to have a relaxing vacation that include pool time and an easy walk to the ... more
we stay there for only one night thank goodness a couple of day ago.the reception staff especially kris be good . however that s where the good end . the room be dingy and old paint chip moldy smell etc . there be something stick on the edge of the nightstand pic . the tv remote be disgusting pic i didn t want to ... more
we stay here the night before our cruise depart . the room be far from the office pool and breakfast room . room be a bit small but clean . breakfast be good but crowded . the front office seem to be understaffed for the volume of visitor .
i stay for 7 night in june 2015 with my family . pro location close to oakwood plaza which have some good store ross marshall big lots party city home depot etc breakfast be good airport shuttle be efficient con not the cleanest surrounding laundromat have two washer on ground floor 1 be out of order ice machine be ... more
room wasn t ready in time . hotel be able to rent a car but they be suppose to call let us know when it would be ready we end up call . bar by pool be nice pool have rule but no one follow them . lot of place to eat and shop within walk distance . seem that if they would ... more
very convenient location to airport and cruiseport . friendly staff henry the porter be terrific . comfy bed decent ample breakfast . good value . this be not a place i would spend a vacation in but as a stopover before or after a cruise it s perfect . there be a shopping mall next door several fast food restaurant in easy walking distance . small well ... more
six of us stay one night pre cruise .. all our three room be fine . nothing fancy but clean ... be aware you will probably will not get your room until 3 00 pm .. shuttle be efficient for airport pick up and cruise port drop off be include ...
i be very concerned after read the review . i also refuse to pay 300 night for a hotel in which i be only look for a place to sleep pre cruise . so i take my chance on this hotel at 95 night .... and i be so glad i do . after get our luggage at the airport i call the hotel for the free shuttle .... more
book for overnight stay prior to cruise . arrive at hotel around 2 p.m. amid lot of ongoing confusion with other guest in the lobby . when our turn come we be tell our room be not ready with no real specific as to when it would be . be tell we could go around to shopping area while wait . decide to wait in ... more
i book this hotel for the night before a cruise . they have the best price for the hotel who include shuttle to and from the airport and cruise terminal . the driver be timely efficient and friendly . however they only go on the hour so be sure and reserve a time when you arrive if you be go to the airport ... more
advertise as a golf resort but the golf course have be close for well over a year . one small swimming pool be open the large lap pool and fitness center be close not update in a long time it s 4 unit 2 story bungalow for much of the property . quiet easy access to san diego which be a 20 minute drive .
the room be hard to get to only one elevator and a lot of stair . we have a lot of stuff and it be challenge . also to pay for parking be ridiculous
the wall between room be paper thin . lot of noise if the room next door be occupy . not too much light in the bathroom . a 10.00 cab ride away from the historic district downtown . the maid do not clean the room very well . trash can be not empty . hear they discharge part of the hotel staff . the lobby and breakfast be good . an older hotel . i think after this i will bypass holiday inn express hotel for a while .
my husband and i stay here last week after return from a week long cruise out of charleston . i usually stay at marriott s or hilton property but think we would try holiday inn express . we be pleasantly surprised this be a very nice property that have obviously just be renovate . the lobby be beautifully do as be the room and breakfast area . the staff all seem eager to help and please . the general manager seem like she be do a great job and be hand on as i see her at the front desk on a few occasion talk to staff and interact with guest . i really appreciate the fact that they have laundry facilitite there to use also consider we have a lot of dirty laundry from the cruise.the free breakfast be also a bonus as it wasn t your usual boring continental breakfast offering . they have different item on each of the morning we be there . some be omelette sausage biscuit bacon and warm cinnamon bun the coffee be great and i be fussy with my coffee and they even have a pancake machine.while the location wasn t right downtown we do get a reasonable rate and there be a free trolley service right at the side of the hotel . we didn t use the car instead just jump on the trolley and be in downtown charleston in no time
i really like the hotel the location be nice . definitely the best choice last year i go to colorado and we stay in denver at hyatt hotel the hotel be good but at hyatt they charge for parking breakfast and wifi and at the holiday inn express this all free . i will pickup the holiday inn express again for future vacation .
i check in to the hotel greet with a smile which be good . mind you the concierge be a little chatty . but that may just be me since i be exhaust come in . when i go in to the room it be stuffy even with the ac on . which be really really loud . i could not sleep . and if i turn down the ac it be too hot . open the window there be too much noise from the traffic outside . it be close to the highway and it be impossible to drive out of the lot without have to make a u turn somewhere first . the bathroom be moldy . the breakfast be bad . the coffee be horrible . all in all i have to check out after 1 night of my 5 night stay and check in at a different hotel altogether . i be not happy .
we be thoroughly satisfied with our stay at holiday inn express . for a budget hotel the surrounding be clean freshly paint and we comment that the bedding be the most comfortable of any we d sleep in . we would definitely recommend this hotel .
weather be cold but we enjoy the visit . i resent be force to do this to enable your marketing . 50 word minimum indeed
very comfortable but location be not the best . hotel in general be nice and clean .
great staff and well take care of facility
free parking include wifi and one of the best breakfast i have see at this type of hotel . what s not to like the location be pretty convenient and the pool while small be a nice addition . it s not a place to hang around all day but work great . the room also have microwave and refrigerator .
we check in and notice an odor similar to cat urine in first floor room . i call front desk they contact housekeeping and she come immediately to spray and request an ozone something . i call front desk back and ask for another room . they do not have one with two queen so we take a king . the front desk ask if we want a roll away and i say yes . we leave for dinner and when we return no rollaway . i do not call desk back . all of us cram on the king bed .
i enjoy my experience . easy to get to off us 17 a.k.a . the crosstown .
hotel parking garage poorly light and in need of upgrade allow access directly to hotel without go down stair .
the staff could not have be more friendly and helpful they be so eager to make our stay pleasant . they really go the extra mile to be friendly . the problem for us be the size of the room and bathroom . the doorway be very small and my husband have difficulty get through with our bag he have to push bag in and then step in . the ceiling be very low in the hallway and the bathroom . i be 5 6 and i could easily reach up and touch the ceiling in the hallway and bathroom . we even make the comment that no basketball star would be able to stay here . my husband be 6 1 and have to duck to get into the shower . the outside noise be also very loud and wake us up both morning . the room we have be nice and clean though .
my husband and i stay here over the weekend to celebrate my birthday . the hotel be pack but that didn t seem to affect the staff . they be very friendly attentive and accommodate . the breakfast in the morning be wonderful full of choice and whenever they get low on something a staff member come and change it out . i will be stay there again next time i vacation to charleston
we stop over here on our way to florida . very pleasant experience and close to downtown historic district . we enjoy our 1 night stay .
n a
there be nothing real close to walk to but a short cab ride to a lot of place .
it s an old hotel . the towel service wasn t great . almost all carbs fatten food for breakfast . didn t eat it any morning .
love it i have not stay in one of these before . i will definitely use this hotel again .
the hotel staff be so helpful and friendly . the free breakfast be very good . there be a nearby shuttle to the historic district but they do not run late at night . however taxi fare be reasonable .
everyone be very friendly room be clean comfy .
very friendly staff . free coffee in the lobby and breakfast buffett . love the decor the only downside be the limited parking and how far it be from downtown
we love our stay here it be a clean and brand new facility with all the great amenity ... free wifi great pool breakfast in the morning friendly and helpful staff . i would absolutely recommend this hotel to anyone . it s in a great location too right next to the highway and just a quick 5 10 minute drive to downtown charleston king street the battery etc . i would definitely stay here again
the monterey hyatt clean spacious room and great location and staff be very helpful and friendly . location be perfect and easy access to cannery row and restaurant would definitely stay here again .
only stay here because we be visit and i need stay to keep gp point alive . thing can be slow and very busy when crowd it be state spring break when we go . room be very nicely refurbish but bathroom have absolutely no place to hang bath towel for reuse . structure be also sprawl all over and there be only ... more
better than expect big room with sofa bed walk distance to beach new build great breakfast .
our credit card have have a hold charge in it for a week now . 150 hold for incidental for a two night stay i be tell the general manager could clear it but he never call me back . this be ridiculous . the room be fine . but i have spend over an hour try to sort out this hold and it s ... more
the room be great but breakfast be not great .
you get the good and the bad with the capri . it be clean casual excellent mattress friendly and helpful staff good location pet friendly fence patio for the dog . i will stay here next time i come to ojai . it could have be fantastic except for some obvious shortcoming . the back door didn t lock security issue there be hole in ... more
this motel have be update to some extent the floor squick badly the shower need a lot of tlc the wall must be very thin as you can hear the tv next door . on the bright side the bed be comfortable the room be clean and all the room on the main floor have a private patio . i have a ... more
i book a stay at savanna inn suit for a one nigh stay online with trip advisor that direct me to expedia.com at which time i book a room and get a print conformation . i arrive at the inn and show them my conformation letter at which time they say that they have no reservation for me . they check ... more
this wonderful little motel be a fabulous place to stay . the room be cozy and very clean . if you can stand train you may want to find another town to stay in . best not a chain motel i ve ever see .
the room be clean . the staff be kind . there be a complimentary hot breakfast that include waffle and scramble egg coffee and yogurt . the hotel be locate next to a shopping mall and be not far from restaurant . my daughter enjoy swim in the pool . i would stay here again .
the airline put me here when weather delay my flight and i miss the connection . the place be not well maintain in general . i will put up with a lot but when a dozen cockroach run out of the room when i open the door i m out . this place should be condemn .
a friend and i decide to stay at this hotel and though we choose for the price we be disappoint in the fact there be no fridge to put food in if we go out to dinner . we be also expect hot water for much longer but we make what we get work .
basic need meet late arrival ok . great price
i have no heat the carpet be dirty . there be dead bug everywhere . no iron or iron board . smell of smoke . the arm of the chair have be eat by a dog . will never go back .
this be a great place to stay it be clean plenty of clean towel and i be able to wash our beach clothe . it be only 10 15 min away from destin and the great selection of breakfast be great my kid love the waffle maker . very spacious room and affordable
the staff at comfort suite be very accommodating and easy to work with . i have to extend my stay and they be happy to help me . also the breakfast be probably one of the best that i have have in a hotel buffet very tasty .
we want a hotel a little away from the beach to help cut cost . this be a great choice the hotel be clean comfortable bed staff very friendly and a great continental breakfast . they even have lemon water and cookie available in the afternoon . if we ever go back to this area i will choose this hotel again
we come to visit my stepmother to celebrate her 92nd birthday . nice clean and quiet.unfortunately she have be send to a hospital out of town . the room be clean and the staff be smile and very professional.breakfast be good . love have my own coffee pot . plenty of plug for charge device .
the staff be attentive and welcoming . the river view lovely . the room be not comfortable . the bed need replacement as do the linen . the space be take up with long shelf w pillow . seating would be better .
we pick this hotel out of convenience and the fact that it have a pool close to the punta gorda airport . we have one of the best evening hang out at the tiki bar next door around the pool with our kid and at the hotel bar that night . everyone be super friendly hotel room be very clean and unique compare ... more
we stay at this hotel for 5 night during the easter holiday we find the staff very helpful the reception area spacious with comfortable seating also an area with computer for guest use however i find that they be always busy . we stay in a deluxe corner king with marina view and it be well decorate have a large comfortable ... more
we don t give many 5 star but this hotel deserve it and to kevin in the front lobby we give 6 star what a pleasure to be treat by kevin and the rest of the staff as if they really appreciate us stay at their hotel . kevin even show us our room before we decide which floor we want . the ... more
this hotel impress from start to finish . from the moment you arrive the courteous staff greet you and assist you in every way possible . the room be adorable with a nautical theme . the bathroom door have a porthole and there be nautical light in the room . the room be decorate with a light and airy beach feel with picture of ... more
beautiful property locate right on the water . tiki bar be awesome live music and great drink special . breakfast buffet be a little disappointing . the room be clean and the decor be nautical themed .
the whole experience be fantastic very enjoyable and relaxing . all of the staff be super to deal with . the drink be good and the food be super . have a paper each day be very good along with excellent internet service .
the worst television design i have ever see in any hotel . i m a very frequent traveler and have stay at many 4 and 5 star hotel . i have never encounter a television that have no video input for guest . most hotel television have an extra hdmi input on the side older hotel will have analog video input . but they all ... more
we stay over night so we could catch an early flight the next morning . the motel provide transportation to the airport . they be so nice about it they give us a free sample beer the night before and free coffee the next morning . we would have be give breakfast too but we have to leave too early .
the four season be the best hotel choice in punta gorda . location close to down town the marina and the path along the harbor be nice . the ability to walk across the parking lot and sit in a chair in the sand and enjoy the harbor and a drink and a bite be wonderful .
our stay at the london be wonderful . the hotel be absolutely beautiful . we stay in a lovely suite with a nice view . it be very similar to a condo . bedroom and separate living room space . the decor be very welcoming and it be a confortable live space . the staff be extremely helpful and friendly . this hotel be centrally locate and ... more
the room be large with a good view of la.the bed be fairly comfortable and there be plenty of seat available.bathroom very modern with large soaking bath and a good shower.however the room lack any character whatsoever.the inclusive breakfast do not allow any flexibility and even if you pay 20 gratuity plus room delivery charge they will not allow it . what be ... more
i be not a huge fan of la but my stay at this hotel make me change my tune . as soon as you walk in you be transport to a much more elegant and calm location . the room we have be spectacular . by far the most luxurious i have ever stay in . we have four balcony s dining room office and ... more
i be only here for a one night stay but be so impressed with the room the amenity the staff and the view from the rooftop pool that i plan on return in the future for a longer stay . the sunday brunch be excellent
stay here 3 night for work . it s a great area lot of good restaurant nearby and easy uber commuting distance to if you re sight seeing . room i have be slightly upgrade and be lovely . very big bathroom be huge and have a double shower one be like a fire hose great to wake up to food be great ... more
i have the pleasure to visit la for a few week and one of the highlight be the rooftop at the london and meet their concierge sarah . the property be lovely and sarah be able to give me a quick tour not only of the london but point out many thing to do in her city . you can tell she ... more
i stay at the london in west hollywood for a bachelorette weekend . there be a group of 16 of us and the london make sure we have a great experience all weekend . we have a block of standard two bed room as well as some beautiful one bedroom suite . the service be impeccable and there be great attention to detail across ... more
hotel be locate in west hollywood . we stay here a night and i have a great experience . staff be very helpful and the hotel be beautiful . we get a one bedroom suite with a balcony view overlook the city . it be beautiful view both during the day and during the night . the rooftop be amazing . i totally recommend ... more
we enjoy stay at the london . service be excellent . our room be large and beautiful with a sweet balcony that be actually usable . the buffer breakfast be very nice . we think it exceed the cost in every way . we will definitely return .
this all suite hotel be just perfect . the staff be very friendly helpful and attentive . the room be fantastic . 750 square foot of pure luxury with a view of downtown la and more . the furnishing be stylish mid century modern mix . the bathroom be like have our own private spa in our room . all white tile with a soak tub for two .... more
i have to be in la shortly for some business but want to combine it with pleasure since the misses be tag along . i normally stay at a different hotel when in la but this one pop up and it have good review so i be like why not . i have to say up front that when it come to ... more
i be in international logistic and one of our very high priorty client be stay at the hotel and leave some package behind in which need to be ship via up . sepg quaglia be our contact at the london west hollywood and the service i recieve with absolutely outstanding thank you seph
we stay here in early january and i m already itch to come back when the weather be warmer . this be a beautiful property with a truly lovely rooftop pool and restaurant . while we be there the sun be out but it be 65 degree ... a bit chilly though the pool be heat but we endure the chill in order to take ... more
think from review this hotel that it be a winner we get there and the room be awful it be in need of a facelift and the square footage be smaller than advertise . a real downer and the front desk team be not helpful at all .
location great location by nice cafe and little shop . facility nice facility with a big gym roof top heated pool a nice restaurant and a gift shop . check in very fast and informative . room nicely sized room with all the amenity that you need but date decor . the view from the room be on hollywood hills . concierge service seph be ... more
after a long 2 week trip we stay in this hotel . it be so luxurious everything be just perfect . the best hotel i have ever stay . the staff be also outstanding especially danny at the front desk . hope we will be back .
i recently rent a one bedroom metropolitan suite at the london for an intimate 40th surprise birthday party for my husband and all he could say the entire weekend be wow . the service be excellent we live in los angeles and now feel like the london be a gem of the city . my husband have a very specific diet and ... more
my wife and i love visit la and just get back from a trip we take with friend . it be our first stay at the london and i be positive we will be go back the next time we find ourselves on the west coast . the room be great and feel spacious even for four guest . the complimentary breakfast be ... more
room lovely . staff lovely . pool amazing . slow service on the roof bar i wait 30 min for a drink on a less than busy bar on saturday night .... oh and the pay parking and continental breakfast isn t justify really consider the price . but i be give 5 star regardless because i do love it so much . would def come ... more
my husband and i want a weekend getaway in the city we live in as we be too busy with work to actually go anywhere and want a special place to celebrate our 2 year wedding anniversary so we choose the london as our staycation let me go ahead and preface that we have stay at the mondrian the standard ... more
let start with the good stuff . location be perfect . the hotel lobby be 5 star and the rooftop pool and bar dining area look like just what you would expect in glamorous hollywood or even south beach . everyone on staff seem incredibly nice and friendly . the room especially the suite be very very spacious among the largest i have see in this class ... more
very large room well decorate large bathroom . public space be chic . rooftop pool and restaurant be scene and fun . not too stuffy . nicest upper end hotel in area . definitely now my go to on west side
the london be my favorite west hollywood hotel . it s private just off the sunset strip . it s high class elegance and sophistication with a nice dose of hip . the staff be amazing . the room be well appoint and comfortable . the pool deck have an amazing view of weho and be amazing people watch all the hip and glamour people be here
when this hotel first open i adore it . i visit regularly and it become the benchmark of what a brilliant hotel should be . the decor be magnificent the staff attentive and the little quirk throughout the hotel include free call to the uk really make for a 5 star experience . my recent stay however not so and that s because the ... more
great little hotel . front desk staff be great with recommendation to nearby restaurant etc . noise be not bad at all . have a room with an outside view . be very clean and the bathroom be nice as well as the shower . there be a starbucks right downstairs inside the hotel for coffee in the morning . the bar and lounge look really ... more
nice hidden gem that place you right in the proper spot for walk . a nice bar inside that open at 5 p.m. . a starbucks for snack . neat office area for work . great use of building . winter pricing be great . parking be in a garage nearby . it do cost about 30 dollar a day with validation . staff be friendly area clean . well ... more
we book a night here completely last minute when we be at a red sox game . we get the pricing through expedia and couldn t have be happier . the room be clean and pretty roomy for a boutique hotel . we have the view of some water and fanuiel hall marketplace . you really can t beat the location of this hotel it s within ... more
this be the second time we stay at this hotel . the staff be excellent and give us some great suggestion for dinner . we get an interior room again . the room be nice small but very clean . i have read review about the lighting and no window . the room light for fine for us . we do not see a problem . we ... more
stay here for a night on a stop over in boston . the hotel be very clean and easy to find plus close to a load of restaurant and bar . when i arrive there seem like there be a party go on in the hotel bar which make me think i be in for a loud and uncomfortable night . however once ... more
i really like this place . the food be quite good and the service be very nice . they have a shuttle that work very well for short trip . all in all it be a motel that have be refurbish but the rear part be actually quite nice and the room be big and quiet . i d definitely stay here again .
there be really no other option to stay in westport . we be in the process of move and be familiar with this property and have have no choice but to stay here when we be in town . while they state the place have be renovate it be basically common area cosmetic . the room be very basic and each one we ... more
we stay here to see a show at pechanga . the casino be about 20 minute away . the hotel be freeway close . everyone at this hotel be super friendly . the room be clean and the breakfast very good and fresh . unfortunately i do not get to use the pool but it be clean as well .
could not fault the carneros inn although high end worth every penny . the boon fly cafe be great for breakfast but exceptional for dinner . do great cocktail and their fry chicken be the best i ve ever have .
this have become the only place that we stay when visit the napa area . it be like your own little private escape with beautiful ground great food and all the amenity . we come with three other couple and have a great time .
carneros inn offer the perfect balance of privacy excellent service great food and luxurious accommodation . and the location be perfectly situate in carneros which be cooler and close to both napa and sonoma .
my husband and i spend 5 day there for our honeymoon . the staff go above and beyond to make us feel special and welcome . the view be breathtake . the location be perfect . lisa with concierge literally make our trip . carneros will always hold a special place for us
the name inn really do not represent them and devalue their name . resort would probably fit better because of all the amenity and all that they have to offer . we be marry there in 2012 and stay there multiple time since 2010 so maybe we be biased
the property be beautiful . it be a perfect getaway spot for a busy couple look to unplug . highly recommend the cottage with the outdoor tub and shower it be wonderful . the restaurant on the property be also great .
second time stay at this property . beautiful setting . cottage experience make you feel like your home away from home . the private patio with heater and outdoor shower be a treat . all the dining venue be delicious .
we stay at the carneros inn during a 3 day vacation with friend . this place be very special and unique .. each room be an individual bungalow with hardwood floor a private patio and fireplace in each room . it s very romantic peaceful and relaxing . my only complaint about the room be the heater be incredibly loud when it would turn on ... more
love everything about it . rustic feel but 5 star comfort and great staff will definitely visit again next time for a longer stay . not a great place to visit with little one but for a couple retreat it be fantastic . thee be a wedding there when we visit and they dominate the hilltop pool and they be very loud so we ... more
everything be perfection . we get away for 3 night park the car when we arrive and didn t use it again until we leave . we do hire a limo one day ... the concierge set us up with the most amazing high end wine tasting and lunch on day 2 and the spa be top notch . we can not wait to go ... more
neat landscaping clean older room . management appear to care about this place . my son be a student at toccoa falls college . this be the best hotel we have find in the area . ours be a pleasant stay .
perfect stay . i really enjoy my time here . it be close to the grey hound bus stop . it be quiet . for the price it be an amazing place . 40.00 be great consider it s close to downtown and ybor city . thete be grocery and convenience store and laundry all within walk distance . i be even able to find some green .
i check in my room at about 5 p.m. and after i pay money ave enter my room it be horrible . i leave ride around until about 12 a.m. . the room have roach crawl they have moth ball in the drawer under the mattress under the bed . i keep itch sleep in the bed so i lay in the hard floor i ... more
this hotel be awesome from the staff to the room . very clean room very friendly staff i have the pleasure of meet keith and yiria they be at the front desk at checkout both make me feel great tell me to come back and visit soon and experience the new brand that they will become soon . breakfast be good as ... more
great place to stay . our daughter softball team participate in the okc challenge we attend the woman s college world series . hotel be not centrally locate but we didn t mind drive around . hotel be clean ac work well bed be soft . very good quality for what we pay .
staff greet you by name . clean and spacious room . the hotel be in the center of caesar and convenient for walk throughout the propertype . also easy to get to other hotel whether walk or by cab .
we stay in nobu which be a great location in caesars palace . room be a bit smaller than the augustus tower where we usually stay . the room be well appoint and the bed be soooo comfortable . the free coffee and water be a nice touch .
i can t say enough great thing about this hotel i be in kauai for a scientific conference and i be push the budget stay here but it be well worth it . they have so much to do and so many activity and area to explore that i didn t feel that i need to pay for activity outside of the resort .... more
we be warmly greet with leis upon arrival at the resort . most night the driveway be line with tiki torch and there be two gorgeous pond in front of the hotel with a waterfall black swans and duck . the hotel itself resemble a palace with marble and exotic plant everywhere . one of the first thing you see from the lobby ... more
this be a beautiful resort with great customer service . price in the restaurant be quite high but quality be excellent . we attend the conference and enjoy our stay . we would highly recommend this resort to family . salt water pool lazy river live entertainment beautiful and clean room and of course hawaiian weather .. five star .
we have a wonderful time on our 25th anniversary . we highly recommend this hotel and their staff include the front desk consear bellhop valet and all the people work the restaurant 5 etc . we especially enjoy the saltwater pool .. this be definitely a five star atmosphere very ohana thank to expedia for allow us to book this trip on line from the comfort of her own home . mahalo
i stay at the grand hyatt kauai for two week in march 2016 . the good the architecture of the hotel be beautiful . the ground be stunning . best resort pool i ve ever see . the spa be very nice yoga be top notch staff be very attentive . elevator be speedy . tidepools restaurant be exceptionally good . the not so good the food with ... more
we have a wonderful time at the hyatt kauai . the property be beautiful we hardly leave the restaurant be great there s live entertainment and our daughter love the kid camp . we only plan on drop her off one day but she ask us to please send her one more day we be definitely come back
my wife and i celebrate our 20th anniversary at the grand hyatt . we stay here for our honeymoon and it be just as good if not better two decade later . the location be beautiful the room be attractive and well keep and the service be excellent . i recommend it 100 .
we have visit the grand hyatt kauai resort and spa for the past 10 year and each time we visit this outstanding property i walk away say if i could live here in as the general manager on this property i would do it in a heart beat as a lifetime diamond member the entire hyatt staff do an outstanding ... more
stay here on business and leave something behind in my room . call the day after i leave and the person in housekeeping confirm that they have find the item . she say the manager would contact me about return it to me . didn t hear from the manager so i call 3 more time over the next 2 week speak with ... more
the resort be very well care for and the view be awesome . the staff go out of their way to anticipate your need . the few minor minor issue we have be address immediately and the resolution always always exceed expectation . pacific dreams do a great photo shot . our photographer phil be fun and keep the kid engage . he get some ... more
i don t want to be repetitive but have no hesitation in stay at this hotel . it be a wonderful hotel and the ground be spectacular . we stay in room 5048 i be concern as this be over one of the restaurant but noise be never a problem . the view be wonderful we could hear the surf and the ... more
we spend 6 day at this lovely resort and everything about it be terrific . we be upgrade to a suite at the far western part of this sprawl resort and have a lovely view of the ocean . it be a long 10 minute walk to the main area where the restaurant pool and activity be locate but we enjoy stroll outside .... more
just finish four night around thanksgiving and thoroughly enjoy the hotel see westin princeville review that hotel be good but i prefer this one tremendous service and facility room we take advantage of a hyatt sale and get a suite that be over the top fantastic so not sure it s comparable suite here be much better than 1 bedroom at ... more
our trip be a gift from our wonderful son to celebrate our 46th wedding anniversay honeymoon . stay at the hotel be absolutely marvelous . all aspect of our stay be well attend and provide for . something that not too many peope review on be the island and it s people itself . i have to say that go out from the fantastic resort to ... more
not the quality expect for a grand hyatt . great location to shop restaurant beach . many more child of all age than expect for this time of year therefore the pool area become less desirable . that be unfortunate because the pool area be certainly one of the main attraction of this hotel . have stay here before and do not remember this issue .
we have a great visit . the resort be design to be what you imagine hawaii to look like great sunrise great sunset staff dedicate to make you happy . no complaint at all . my daughter love sit by the pool jump off the rock switch to the hot tub and then have a lava flow . do it get ... more
we stay here for a week just after christmas with a family of 5 . we book two inter connect room both have a king and a queen which be very comfortable for 5 people . we didn t book an ocean view room and overlook the garden in the shipwreck wing near the tennis court the outlook be fine . we book this ... more
wonderful location and view . food and service be excellent . convenient to other area of kauai . we drive to many other area of the island and find it very easy to get around . any time we ask for information at the hotel they be very willing to help .
we choose the grand hyatt kauai for the first here night of our honeymoon in hawaii . it be amazing the staff be super helpful the ground be amazing and the food be great . in particular the sushi at stevenson library be probably the best we ve have the tempura roll epic . dinner at tidepool be pretty good a bit ... more
stay here for a third time again because it be the venue for the meeting at which i be invite to speak . i will stand by everything i say in the first two review with one exception after i criticize the tip policy tip for bellman other automatically add to the bill a hotel rep respond that the meeting planner ... more
we arrive at the grand hyatt after stay at another resort on the big island which be lovely but we be blow away by this facility grand indeed location be beautiful and the staff be excellent with the exception of one bartender who wasn t interested in wait on us . the restaurant on premise have excellent food and beverage . after ... more
we stay here 3 night in march while on a week long trip of hawaii . it be wonderful in every way . when you enter the lobby the backdrop be an open air view of the ocean . it be magnificent . breakfast be delicious and the service beyond terrific . we sit over look the ocean and see whale on two morning . nothing ... more
whenever we travel i m always on the hunt for small intimate boutique style hotel . i love this place great style friendly staff and the cutest breakfast deliver to your room in a picnic basket every morning . do i mention the room be massive we book two room ours be slightly larger than my in law but both we re comfortable and spacious . we will definitely ... more
this be by far one of the most beautiful well appoint clean place i ve ever stay . the staff be exceptional polite helpful and friendly . brian take extra effort to ensure our stay be perfect . he even take us on a tour of the other side of the hotel . one side where i stay be very modern while the other side be ... more
the one bedroom suite be outstanding . private roof top patio . responsive and hospitable staff from the front desk to the housekeeper . gratis wine and cheese in the lobby before go out for dinner and port upon return . breakfast deliver to the room in a picnic basket at precisely the time i request . i have to depart for the airport at ... more
we recently stay at this fantastic property in downtown charleston for a weekend to attend a wedding reception of a close friend s son . our son attend the college of charleston so restoration on king be perfectly locate to visit with him and to have fun shopping on king street . the setup of the room be perfect and we enjoy the ... more
our first trip to charleston could not have go better especially with the accommodation service and staff at this hotel . room be perfect update and clean . location be easily walkable to shopping dining and historic interest . i can not see a reason why i would stay anywhere else on our next trip to charleston . highly recommend the restoration . only complaint i ... more
our stay at the restoration exceed our expectation . the employee be friendly and eager to meet our every need . lot of perk . rooftop restaurant swimming pool extraordinary breakfast and spacious suite . thank for make our stay luxurious
this be a delightful hotel . we be decide between this and the spectator when book and choose this because of the pool and the promise of a little more room than a standard room at a significantly lower price than room at the spectator be go for at the time . we be very happy . our welcome be warm they get ... more
very cool place to stay . great location . the breakfast in picnic basket be a great touch . lot to do bike provide for get around the area . rooftop bar and nightly wine tasting . nice rooftop pool . the employee be super friendly . we will be back .
my husband and i stay here in june for part of our honeymoon . we have a long drive and have a late check in . when we arrive we be inform that we have receive a complimentary upgrade to a luxury suite over look king street . the staff show us the rope around the hotel and our bedroom with tip on what ... more
give the price of this hotel i hold it to a higher standard than a hampton inn . so that say the good excellent location super friendly and helpful staff great restaurant that just open and very nice condo suite that be comfortable and nicely furnish . that say ... here be the bad the housekeeping be terrible and maintenance be sorely lack i take ... more
my wife and i stay two night in a studio room in the new wing . great room spacious large walk in shower king size bed large tv microwave refrigerator and sink area . safe in a bottom drawer though we be lucky to find it since no one tell us about it . great amenity wine and cheese at 5 p.m. cookie with ... more
we have stay at rok each of the past two year on our way back home from our summer vacation on hhi . rok be by far the best hotel we have ever stay at . the historic building be amazing the home like feel of the reception area be wonderful the original wood floor be perfect . and i haven t even mention the ... more
when i check in late at night there be two use tissue paper and another room key may be use by other customer under a pillow . i let the staff know next morning but she ask me be you use double bed or single bed they recommend change my room instead of apology . woman staff be not kind and room condition be worse than other hyatt place . only the breakfast be not bad .
i have my daughter party at the ramada hall . the staff be pleasant and professional the manager terrie cowen she go above and beyond and if it be not for her this whole party could have be a disaster . all i can say be if you want a clean hotel quality service and a professional staff look no further then ... more
the hotel be decent but the room do not seem clean thoroughly . there be hair from a previous guest in the shower which i do not notice until i go to shower in the morning . the bed comforter seem a little dirty as well . the bar close at 10 p.m. which seem a little early . the staff be very friendly .
the customer service from tim ashley and ingrid be awsome and they go above and beyond to help answer question and resolve a issue . the hotel be superbly keep and it be a pleasure to stay here . they treat us with the utmost respect and kindness .
my girlfriend and i stay at this location last night for a concert and we have such a great time . we take the complimentary shuttle over to the venue which be only 3 mile away . our shuttle driver patricia be so friendly and funny . we really appreciate her great customer service and get us to the venue quickly as we ... more
very nice area . there be a great italian restaurant with in walk distance .
the room be fine with two exception i be place in a room adjacent to the elevator shaft and the wall air conditioning unit be excessively noisy . consequently even with ear plug it be not easy to get a good night s sleep for me . the a c unit be easy to turn off but it would have be difficult to prevent guest from use the elevator
this be a very nice hotel . immaculate comfortable great breakfast . with a professional welcoming staff in a good location . i highly recommend this hotel and would stay again .
nice clean comfortable and affordable all with a great hot breakfast and close to gmu . wish they have an outdoor pool but much better than local competitor .
everything about our stay be very good to excellent . although we do not spend at lot of time at the hotel as we be visit family in the area out experience with dining and the room itself be most satisfactory and the christmas decor of the lobby area make us miss be at home at little less . excellent experience for ... more
the host be friendly and welcoming . they be available to answer any of my concern or need .
one night super comfortable the staff very pleasant . unless you re feature on the life of the rich and famous this hotel have every comfort and amenity you need or want .
i book two night at the inn through expedia however i be incorrectly charge to my personal card . if this issue have be resolve in a timely fashion it wouldn t have be a deal breaker however after the refund of the mistaken charge i be once again charge on the 29th of december a full 10 day after i stay ... more
room be very clean and quiet . bed be extremely comfortable to sleep in . all staff we interact with be polite and friendly . we will definitely look to stay at the inn on any future visit to the area .
this home2 be a great find if you re look for a great place to stay in greenville . walk to some really fun restaurant easy access to the interstate and an easy drive to downtown greenville . the hotel be warm friendly the room be spacious and not crow with lot of collateral lot of counter space and a fridge microwave ... more
staff welcome room sharp crisp quiet clean and all ready to go . convenient access . upon check in i be able to get a discount use on line booking which the staff advise me of . when i be give a huge room and want a little smaller they jump to it . note room like 110 210 .. get a lot of ... more
from check in until check out this be a fantastic experience . the room be clean the bed be extremely comfortable . the staff be amazing . i will definitely stay with home2 suite by hilton again
i ve been travel for business for fourteen year about every other week and this be the best stay i ve ever have . that s not an exagerration this be the best stay that i can remember . the site be brand new and spotless . the staff be extremely friendly . the location be perfect for my work and plenty of dining option nearby . because ... more
the room be very spacious . the bed be very comfortable . the breakfast be tasty with a variety of item from breakfast sandwich cereal oatmeal waffle bagel various juice fruit and yogurt . the amenity be plenteous . my family and i thoroughly enjoy our stay and will return when we come back to the area .
i love this quirky hotel and it s modern feel . our room be very large and my husband and i appreciate the curtain that separate the king bed from the couch bed where our kid be sleep . breakfast be typical for a hilton ... they have the breakfast sandwich that heat up in the special 1234 microwave dummy proof kinda ... and it s all in the ... more
we write a review on feb . 27 2013 and a lot of it be still relevant with the exception of a couple item from our most recent visit . we stay here on feb . 7 2016 in room 280 . there be no wi fi connectivity . if you need to have wi fi be sure to ask about this before you book . they have ... more
i should have check trip advisor before book on agoda . i select for location and price for which i be satisfied . but this place be a real treat . the plastic wrap over the mattress first catch our eye then the lack of a blanket poor quality towel old ac unit with poor control and very minimal service in 4 ... more
the towel be stain . the comforter have burn hole in it . the tub grip be start to turn black . and there be bug in the bed . my sister and i end up sleep on top of the cover because it be a holiday weekend and nowhere else have vacancy .
this be the quietest hotel i have ever stay in . a bit out of the way but well worth the hunt . everything be spotless the tv be great . this would be a great location from which to tour the distillery and or visit mammoth cave . we arrive very late 11 p.m. but check in be fast and efficient . bed be extremely comfortable and ... more
hotel be clean staff be friendly would definitely stay here again . we be travel with three kid and the pool be nice to play in and the hot tub be nice to relax in . use laundry facility as well and they be clean and inexpensive . hotel be quiet and centrally locate to the attraction we be there to see . great ... more
spend one night here with our two toddler while visit the national corvette museum they have three corvette parking space . overall appearance be good . we stay in one of the suite to use the separate bedroom for put kid to bed and it s by the far the smallest suite we ve ever stay in . no place for a family of ... more
great stay we spend the night here on way down to atlanta . we arrive late and we didn t have reservation they have king suite available which we take . the room be very nice spacious very clean comfortable bed . the check in staff be very friendly and helpful . hot breakfast in the morning be good nice selection scramble egg sausage patty biscuit ... more
the lobby of the hotel look like an old fashioned inn should have take a picture but it be something a little fun and different on a long road trip . room be clean and well keep breakfast be fresh with lot of choice . they have a movie my kid happen to love play in the breakfast area which be a welcome ... more
this be our first time at the bowling green drury inn . we stay at one previously and really like the service room kickback dinner and breakfast buffet that drury offer . after a long day travel it be nice to kickback and not have to look for a place to eat . salad soup option to make a simple dinner plus nacho ... more
we stay here on our way down to florida . the hotel be nice and the staff be super helpful . the only problem we have be that the fridge in the room wasn t work in our room but the staff take care of it very quickly and provide us with a new fridge . everything be clean the bed be comfortable overall ... more
hotel be excellent . stay a second night and get the room over forty dollar cheaper without book through hotel dot com be even better . lesson learn .
everything be great about the room and the staff . the glass elevator be break and it be really a pain to haul our stuff to the middle of the hotel to get to an elevator . we normally be okay with the stair but four floor be too much . the breakfast on sunday morning be pack . i mean there be a ... more
this drury be awesome the staff be super friendly and attentive . could not ask for more in term of the food breakfast and the 5 30 kickback especially the mac and cheese mmmmm . location be convenient to restaurant several within walk distance and shopping . i have to go to the local hospital for work and the drury be within 5 mile ... more
there be nothing i can say about this place . stick here for a convention . poor service poor food quality . bathroom be at least 15 20 year old . water issue . maid service not even close to daily . entire property be dirty . i would not stay here again if it be free
i call to make a reservation to book for two day to attend for a convention and speak with rick . while he s take to me i tell him about the special package i want to avail and he say he will put me on hold for just a second . guess what 25 minute on hold so i call on my ... more
check in 10 pm just to sleep for the night and get up in the am and head back to hollywood for the day . this hotel be a hot tub time machine ... the room be extremely dated stain .. the wall be peach and tan colo gold and cream color dresser popcorn ceiling green tile in the bathroom with ton of stain and ... more
upon arrive at the hotel the check in process be really easy . we be give these memory card stick thing as key . open the door be loud as when your key be accept it beep . once in the room we find the room very dated . the bathroom be tiny couldn t close the door to the shower toilet area if you be sit ... more
my family travel to anaheim for the winter break 2014 . now i know we only pay an average of 119 per night and i do not expect luxury at this price but i do expect thing to work and the room to be clean . the room be gross . the outlet be fall out of the wall . they obviously do not ... more
i take my family for a fun fill 4th of july weekend at disney and we end up very ill due to mold allergy . the bathroom have extensive mold under the wallpaper and in the grout in the tub . both my wife and i have allergy to mold and we become very ill and spend the day in bed sick ... more
nice clean beautiful and everybody be very helpful and they provide the best customer service
i be on a business trip . the service be like dial up . i already change room to get a signal . i be use my iphone to connect . talk to someone from their isp name kevin . completely worthless . never call me back and didn t fix a thing
we take a few day and make a weekend trip to lexington . we always try to stay with motel 6 as they allow pet . this location be a little old and need update but it be clean and the staff be great for the price it be just what we need
overall stay be great . the room be clean and comfortable . the staff be very friendly and courteous . the coffee be great typically i do not care for hotel coffee it be probably the best hotel coffee i ve have this side of europe.dear laylemsp thank you for your stay and a great review . we be glad you enjoy our clean and comfortable room . our staff be constantly undergo training to provide premier guest service . look forward to host you here again soon . sincerely gracie guest service manager
a hidden gem where a family can bypass all the fake fluff that you have to tip to receive . instead you get a lovely spacious family room with all the necessity for a fabulous stay . i highly recommend stay here . you will thank me .
great hotel you will enjoy it very much breakfast be over the top great service room be very big very clean . lou and amber make breakfast a pleasure great service much pride this be a go to location when visit katy tx .
this be a fabulous hotel . very reasonably price . very clean comfortable bed . breakfast be very good . everything you could want include omelet . all of the staff be helpful and friendly . you will enjoy .
stay two night in late april . the parking be a little confusing as it be share with the hotel next door and could use more lighting . the attendance be very pleasant when check in . the manager be very helpful in the morning pull additional chair for the folk to be able to sit in the crowded breakfast area . clean place .... more
clean and nicely appoint . room be a good size and up to date .. breakfast be hot with plenty of food that you would expect to see . with a nice cheerful and clean eating area . service be very good we have a room change due to a noisy neighbor which sure isn t the hotel fault of course there be ... more
our family stay two night at this location . it be our first time stay at a home2 and we be pleased with the invite lobby spacious and very clean room . the most memorable part of our trip though be the hospitality show by the front desk staff and breakfast attendant . tonya be so helpful and friendly leave me with the ... more
amazing experience for our kid and parent who stay . they hour of amenity be perfect and very well lay out . it seem that no one be leave want for anything . front desk and support staff awesome speak with one of the manager very nice and i note that i have speak with her the night before around 10 30pm and she ... more
just a stop over on way from south fla . to myrtle beach . love savannah and this hotel .
i have never be disappoint by a hampton inn and this one maintain that track record . the staff be helpful and friendly . the room and most importantly bathroom be clean and smell nice . and the price be right . for my purpose the location be convenient so i have no complaint .
on military duty love the room . this be not my first stay . accommodation be impeccable and the staff be not only professional but pleasant . any concern or issue be address immediately . satisfied
this hotel give you what you would expect from holiday inn express clean comfortable quiet room friendly staff breakfast good include hot and cold selection fresh fruit . nice pool and hot tub
come to the san ramon marriott for a wedding . the wedding i be part of be one of six stay on the property not sure if the wedding be there the hotel be the host for six wedding group the hotel be completely understaffed and unprepared for a group this large over a weekend . the hotel it seem be in ... more
the hotel be hide off the main highway but close to many business location . parking be either valet or pay control self park . the staff greet us with a positive attitude and acknowledge our elite status immediately . the concierge lounge be well staffed also and provide several amenity however it be only open monday through friday . our room be comfortable ... more
not happy because when i get there this be like the umpteenth time that i make a reservation through hotels.com and not get what i reserve . make me want to never use hotels.com again . the room be run down snag in the carpet snag in the towel and sheet . and what make it worse be the side door stay unlocked all night drug activity in the parking lot and there be no camera in the stairwell from the side door .... anybody could have come into the hotel and no one would see it . very unpleasant stay and unsafe . will not stay there ever again .
have a terrible stay . i ve stay in many extended stay across the country and this one have shame the brand . this hotel smell it be unclean dark and cramp . the room be date my mattress didn t even have a fitted sheet i see how nasty and disgust the condition of the mattress . we didn t have any toilet paper in our room upon arrival.the room be less than mediocre . towel be dingy and wear out . fire detector be hang on by a wire literally about to fall off the ceiling . hotel be in bad condition be more like a motel . will never stay here again . next time i will pay more money to stay in a better hotel .
i have a pleasant stay here while i be visit family for thanksgiving . the front desk service be what win me over more than the room . i think her same be sheree be absolutely the most helpful . she point me in the direction of great night spot and wonderful restaurant . thank to her i almost forget about thanksgive food
just really good people . a very clean hotel . an excellent location . an acceptable breakfast . my family enjoy it . the staff be friendly and kind and responsive . check in and check out be without problem and extremely simple .
we stay here last friday before july 4th to see a show at 1st avenue . the hotel be very clean and the room be great . their bed be very comfortable and the location you can t beat . whether you re go to a twin game or go to see a show around the downtown area it s a great place to stay . the ... more
we have a family reunion and everyone have a great time . the lobby have a lot of room with comfortable seating to hang out as a large group . an attach parking garage and 3 block walk to the light rail plus many restaurant pub within walk distance make for an easy home base for our young to old group .
this be a great hampton . the lobby be huge and there s more than enough room to spread out for breakfast . my corner room be terrific look right out on the legendary theater first avenue and 7th st . entry . i have reserve a king and there be a couch desk and plenty of floor room to pace around something i never ... more
certainly not a 5 star but a great value for the price . friendly staff and comfortable room . no extra but the bed be comfortable and the room be clean . great weekly rate and pet friendly . not a single complaint .
look for a place to stay while in the oklahoma city area you couldn t do much more in moore than to choose the best western motel plus . it be in the middle between okc norman and in the midst of most name brand eatery . the staff be very friendly helpful most helpful .
personnel during our weekend be just great esp . ashley front desk offering suggestion and answer every single question . now it be difficult to navigate with two tower but once you get the zoop that the 3rd floor be the skyway ok plus the parking garage be not an ez lay out and the schlep to the lobby on ... more
right in the heart of down town and close to everything you need . one of the best hotel in the city and the price be pretty reasonable too . i stay here for my honeymoon several year ago and it be such a fantastic place . we eat at the restraint on the top floor and the food be fantastic and the ... more
no need to look anywhere else when stay in louisville for the price proximity to yum center and the beautiful view of the river it s the best deal go cafe magnolia 2nd floor be a great casual restaurant . thelma s deli be perfect for fruit sandwich pizza breakfast biscuit etc .
2nd time to stay at the galt house . my son s archery team stay there during the nasp tournament . great facility and staff be wonderful . room be great and group price make it affordable . food at cafe magnolia be excellent .
i be at galt house for a convention for 3 day . the hotel room be nice and the hotel be a great relaxing location . however the personal touch for guest be miss . i have two example . the first be a major health concern that a lot of people deal with today and that be a latex allergy . every restaurant in ... more
book galt house base on review and be pleased with the great view and excellent location . unfortunately our suite room be dingy and sorely in need of cleaning and renovation a break chair a clock that didn t work no coffee pot ... on the second day we give up on have the room clean and by 4 00 pm just ask for ... more
we choose this hotel because it be attach to the kfc yum center and be tell we could use the skywalk to and from the center without essentially leave the hotel . unfortunately the skywalk be close go in to the venue but we be able to use it after the event . we still think this be a grand idea however ... more
i love visit the galt house because the customer service be fantastic room be always super clean . the suites tower be my favorite part of the hotel . the breakfast be phenomenal especially the pancake order from room service . definitely plan on a relaxing stay at the galt house .
room be dark and smell musty . everything be well worn and in dire need up update . very mundane bathroom . front desk staff be indifferent at best . i be so bad we change our stay from two night to one and move to a hilton garden inn that be far better .
the galt house be in a perfect location . it s within walk distance of restaurant pub museum and shopping . it also have great view of the ohio river and 4th street . however the room be in need of update . the airconditioner and plumbing make noise all night . i stay here frequently and some change have be make but much more need ... more
we attend a conference at the galt house in january 2016 . we arrive on january 5 . the entire hotel be over the top decorate for christmas . we depart on january 10 . still christmas . gee i think christmas be december 25 . nope not at the galt house . annoying to the max . the room be in desperate need of renovation . and sound travel like ... more
very clean good service nice amenity beautiful decor . i ve stay here twice for conference and will go back if i have a chance . incredible suite no complaint and the downtown louisville area have some great food fairly close to the hotel .
valet be best parking choice . 3rd floor bridge have indoor bridge between 2 tower retail row have regional inventory . great place to stay for large event host here . plus it s within walk distance of many local attraction on museum row trendy restaurant .
would be a 4 but the elevator be terrible . you have to wait forever . you even take escalator down to lower level to get enough space to ride the elevator up . other than that a nice hotel . pretty river view from some room kind of make up for it .
the stay at this hotel be amazing . the suite be a great value and the bed be like sleep on cloud and float . i love the pillow and they have bath and body work soap and lotion . it be a very nice hotel for a very good price
i m just be honest here . we book this hotel because we be travel with our two dog on our way to fl . the lobby seem nice but if you have a dog with you you be send around to the very back to the c building . there be so much construction go on that the back parking lot be extremely ... more
mold in the first three room they show me . not until they send me to the top floor in the fourth room do i find a room that didn t smell of mold . good service willing to help and very attentive but they need to fix the mold in their room .
the location of this hotel be great for visit duke or get around the area . this hotel have be purchase a couple time and have a great layout with lot of room for a great experience . the bar area be a nice area the restaurant be a good layout as well . bottom line be this hotel have not be renovate ... more
the shower have issue maintain one temperature which be very disheartening . the first room i check in to reek of cigarette but they gladly move me once i complain . overall a little underwhelmed with the hotel this time around ...
the hotel be a nightmare . i kill big roaches bathroom be fall apart . first floor i see baby roach all over the microwave . elevator be break so we have to walk up to second and third for two day and be break when we leave . food that order or sit in the lounge stay there to the next ... more
it be very clean for a great rate . sufficient wlan speed but not for free ... new modern interior with flatscreen tv fridge microwave and coffee machine . free parking . close to lax . will come again soon .......
travel across country and stop for the night at the comfort inn washington pa . hotel be fine however if one would like to watch hbo forget it . no one could figure out how to get hbo to work in my room or my daughter room . this place be fine if you don t want to watch you favorite sporting event or ... more
our family stay in this holiday inn and suit last weekend . we have side by side room but be a little disappointed that they don t have adjoining door for the room . we have child with us and it would have be nice to have a way for them to go from room to room without have to go in the ... more
the carpet be so dirty that we have to where sock and still clean our foot . the sheet for the bed feel like sandpaper and the shower never give hot water . can not recommend stay here to anyone .
rat run around the parking lot . my husband and i see five rat run around the parking lot and one jump out a trash can . i don t do rat i be always be afriad of rat and i be not expacte that . i didn t feel comfortable stay there . management be nt helpful at all . i be there for my son s graduation from the navy he have complete boot camp . so this be an important visit . we have to find another hotel at night and i have to pay more money.no one be helpful to us at all .
dirty hotel with questionable people live in the hotel .
we stay here for one night in april 2011 as one of the stop on our route 66 journey . we arrive early evening and have read in the guide book that this be a cheap and cheerful stopover we intend to drop our thing and head into oklahoma . this be probably the most basic motel we stay at but very ... more
for our wedding we rent the king balcony suite . the room be spacious and perfect for get ready . the large bathroom bedroom and living room allow for multiple people to get ready and for my wife and i to not see each other as we be both get ready . the bar have excellent cocktail and the in room coffee be good ... more
our one night stay at the modern be the perfect complement to our introduction to boise . hip and retro modern room be beautiful and comfortable the bed and spotless . it s clear a lot of thought be put into curate the guest room experience from the exclusive indie film experience available on the room tv to the door tag . and we need ... more
makeover be do well and not over the top . dinner be good . have the risotto . the chef have a mushroom obsession so be forewarn . breakfast be outstanding . healthy and tasty choice and a warm cheery staff . personally i would have prefer a firmer mattress but still sleep very well .
this hotel be great not only do it have a great vibe but it s very clean and the restaurant be wonderful the room be update nicely and the rain head shower be great i will stay here again for sure .
the modern be a great place to stay in boise especially for someone who value the small and personal . it s walk distance to downtown and a mere stroll to a great brewery and a few taproom . the fantastic big city coffee be practically next door and it have it s own bar that offer some amazing drink . a lovely place to ... more
this be the second time that i stay at this hotel . the room have be remodel and be very modern . shower be exceptional with good cable tv . the staff have always be very friendly and helpful . very short drive from the airport and locate very close to the downtown action .
great new and clean hotel . staff be friendly and location be perfect . the only negative be the valet charge of 32 day . i think that be excessive . i be not sure what the self park cost be since i arrive after midnight and just want to go to sleep once i get there .
no restaurant or bar other than wine beer . no newspaper availability . room small but comfortable ... no view . limited elevator service and somewhat precarious stair .
stay here for about four day while in town visit family . we have a two year old with us and the check in staff offer him a snack from the gift shop upon check in . they be so accommodate when we request early check in as well . our two bedroom suite be very clean and comfortable and have plenty of ... more
stay at the residence inn for about 6 week very nice great staff and area .. room be clean and neat the area have a lot of history we be for the christmas season the downtown area have many tour of the historical building and story ....
i have be stay at this hotel for 15 year . it have always be a good experience . the staff be friendly and helpful . i look forward to see martine gayle and the kitchen staff each time . they be all very accommodating . whether it s direction day trip suggestion restaurant or extra supply the associate cheerfully help me . the outdoor game ... more
love this hotel . beautiful lobby and very good restaurant . the coffee in the room be delicious and the maker easy to use sometimes one must move the coffee maker etc ... the best part of the trip be that the hotel be quiet . i couldn t hear other door in my hallway banging close .
i be in town for a trade show next door at the convention center . very nice stay . extremely comfortable bed . excellent staff . have nice papasito s on first floor . you can t ask for a better place to stay .
always great stay here . but i have notice staff less unfriendly and more rude .
we visit a few hotel on our vacation and this one be by far the best . it be very clean spacious and comfortable . close to the airport . the complimentary breakfast be very good . we hope to come back again .
clean ... comfortable . serve meal and wine or beer for dinner monday thru thurs . buffet breakfast . staff be friendly . laundry on property and basic no frill gym . treadmill elliptical and a set of free weight . i stay frequently for business .
we enjoy out stay . if ever back in the area again we would most definitely reserve a room again . we love the sit area and the bed be very comfortable . breakfast be really good and a variety of selection to choose from . the hotel staff particularly the gentleman that check us in be awesome . most definitely a people person and seem to love what he do . ensure the guest be comfortable
super nice hotel highly recommend it super friendly staff room be really really clean delicious hot and cold breakfast item complimentary and be replenish the entire time so you don t get leave with the scrap if your run late 24 7 hot fresh coffee in the lobby and they even have yummy fresh cookie on the front desk to grab after a long day at the job . it s the small thing like the receptacle outlet locate above the nightstand so you don t have to do furniture reconfiguration to plug in your phone the internet stay on . yea it really stay on all the time with no unexpected drop . also the tv be real tv .... not the hotel guide limited channel system . so believe me when i say this be a nice hotel . it really be . it s safe .... quit look ..... book now .
we be at the hotel for our spring break for two night . the staff be friendly and helpful . the hotel room be clean and specious . the evening reception and breakfast be great . the gm check us in at check in and keep us inform of all activity and make our stay relaxing . we will definitely stay again at this hotel .... more
i stay her two different time this week.both stay be perfect . the room be comfortable and very clean . the staff be excellent friendly and accommodating . from check in to the housekeeping staff all be wonderful . we utilize the free shuttle service and our driver give us local direction and tip . highly recommend .
great central location close to city place and all the restaurant and shopping . fast checkin process . the front desk staff be extremely accommodating in help me get some work do while i be there . they go above and beyond what i expect . definitely would stay here again
everyone on the staff be wonderful always smile quick to greet and always ask if everything be ok . i appreciate the personalized attention . nora jennifer shayla ila chanely lauren and louis be very professional and very friendly . amanda do a fabulous job run the bar . i have never have to wait to be serve . she keep a close eye on ... more
i m a hyatt gold passport member and tend to use this brand often . i find this location to be just ok . the hotel be nothing special and the staff be not very friendly . the room be clean and comfortable and the hotel be safe and quiet . have an early morning flight i be disappointed that i be unable to get ... more
the overall ambience at this hotel be outstanding . the room be well supply and the entire facility be clean and cheerful but what make our stay at this facility so pleasant be the staff . from the housekeeping staff to the desk staff the smile and friendliness be always obvious . daniel nora david and shalya at the desk be so ... more
i check in very late and be inform by the very nice guest service rep that they have oversell the hotel for the evening . i ve travel extensively and this happen occasionally and i wasn t really upset and she say they have me set up with a complimentary evening at a nearby hotel if i didn t mind a 10 minute drive .... more
stay here 2 night for a business personal trip with my husband and our 2 kid . the staff be awesome during our entire stay help out with restaurant suggestion etc . special prop to dave at the front desk who go above and beyond to be helpful during our stay . room be very spacious and clean with comfortable bed . the complimentary breakfast ... more
nice room with privacy barrier when travel with child . larger room than normal with separate bathing from vanity . comfortable bed with freshly clean spread free breakfast in the morning . unfortunately 19 parking . the only drawback .
outstanding location facility staff and accommodation . a must stay at hotel when in west palm beach . fine food and beverage serve by personable staff in an ambience and environment that provide a soft landing for traveler ready to relax and enjoy their visit in florida .
above and beyond be where it all begin . we travel we our puppy and the staff greet us with smile and treat us better than family . todd the sale manager exceed treatment i ve receive at 5 star resort . all of the staff at the front desk and housekeeping be amazing and i don t have not one complaint . it be one ... more
the staff be nice room didn t smell funny like many do . small repair be need . but there be a lot of noise . could hear everything from above include walking and dog barking .... yes .. they allow animal . and when people let their door slam it shake the whole room . it happen often . the bed be very hard and when i turn the fan heat on it blow the curtain out and away from the window limit privacy .
while the place be market for people look for a short term apartment existence the place definitely hold that feel . the lobby be a bit run down but overall not bad . just
in the hinterland this bw be like an oasis . the facility be in just build not yet use condition exterior to bed staff always well groom friendly polite and helpful . amenity work perfectly . great restaurant and service station nearby . we plan our daily mileage so we can stop here .
hi folk my wife and i have be loyal platinum card best western customer for year . we get a clean comfortable quiet room i sound like tom baudette and a buffet breakfast in most of the chain . it also have business service when you need them . who could ask for more in a mid price motel . regard oldebear
always a friendly and courteous staff . very good value for the money . we usually always stop here on our way to colorado and the location right off the interstate make it easy to get to the hotel and easy to get start the next morning .
we ve visit dvr multiple time over the past 8 year and we ve be please each and every time . the facility be up to date very clean and full of thing to do . staff be friendly and helpful and while you know they re available they be never intrusive . there be plenty of thing to do on the resort whether you re 2 or ... more
spend 3 night during spring break in 4 bedroom 3 bath condo . the size of condo be good and view be excellent . we have breakfast at captain cafe and be really good . the indoor water park in both tower be really great specially with warm water . the tiki bar be ok as drink be water down . the customer service be exceptional ... more
everything be great from begin to end check out go smoothly and the staff be friendly our room be absolutely amazing there be a balcony that overlook the ocean it be incredible . the bed be comfy and the room be clean . the restaurant downstairs give hubby and i free shirley temple i love it and wish i could have stay longer to fully take advantage of the amenity . i will definitely be back
stay sun tuesday lower rate than their usual which can really be pricey.last time we stay in this place be 2 year ago in a 2 bedroom with loft this time just the 2 bedroom.very spacious for family of 6 i love the 4 season lanai best with jacuzzi and great view of th lake.overall the room be clean . the spoiler ... more
location facilty everything be ok . free coffee and snack meal maybe breakfast only be nice you can even keep it to your room . there be no front desk in the hotel but if you have something to ask the doorman take care of most of them just ask them . instead there be large desk in the lobby with power supply ... more
hotel be nice . well it s ok . staff be nice but the construction be 24 7 . it s 3 40am ant the cement truck 3 be work non stop so you hear the diesel run and the back up beep non stop . i understand there build condo so fault on the hotel but no sleep . call before you book make sure the construction be ... more
i be very happy with this hotel it be very clean and will stay there again . and will recommend to a friend and family member . and also lot of place to go and visit and see and friendly staff and nice lobby
short walk to conference at minute make park hotel be renovate and i be in a new room that be small but perfect for my need with a queen bed desk and swivel chair comfortable arm chair good size shower in adequate size bathroom . only thing miss be a shelf or stand for my suitcase . a lot of construction in the neighborhood but i hear nothing .
we pick this hotel for price and location it s a quick drive to the mfah and walk distance from the george brown convention center . we have a number of restaurant mostly chain and bar within walk distance to choose from . the hotel itself be exactly what we want clean and well staffed . we d happily stay there again .
i have request a sofa bed in room when i make my reservation and be tell it would be available but be tell it be unavailable when i check in . also not tell that room key also operate elevator .
the people as we arrive be very courteous and helpful with our luggage check in be easy take us to our room and make sure everything be ok with us . we use the shuttle service to go to the ball park oscar be great in get us there . check out be easy and our car be wait on us when we come downstairs the gentleman outside assist us in load up and give us direction on how to get to where we be go to leave houston .
best motel i ever stay in ..... there s a lot of motel out there that would not put a patch on your motel in fact the first person i see be so friendly i couldn t believe it one thing that could be better and that be the snow removal from the front of the motel it be pile up where you drive ... more
the best place to stay in pleasanton a welcome place breakfast buffet offer if staying weekday dinner buffet be offer . happy hour be great . nice menu to choose from to order in room . pool and spa to enjoy along with a nice fire pit to read a book and relax by . highly recommend
our place to stay whenever we be in the bay area be hyatt house we love have the 1 bedroom ... other hotel room don t compare .... breakfast omelet station have improve quality of the morning buffet ... lovely tree shade pool area ... all the recent remodel and upgrade have turn it into a very stylish and peaceful destination . our grandkid come to swim and love the ... more
staff be very friendly . answer all of our question and be helpful . give recommendation of place to eat and shop breakfast be on point . food never run out . room be clean . close to everything in town thank you for your review we appreciate your feedback and be glad you enjoy your stay holly bailey management team
we stay a half hour and leave all i can say be gross and loud ..... the guest that be there look as though they live there the room next to us have a plant hang up in the window . the sink and toilet be green enamel . the bed have hair all throw it . the floor be not vaccumed and visibly ... more
i be try to save money when i book a room here for three night . the only good thing i can say be it be inexpensive . the bathroom sink be literally fall off the wall . they never vacuum or clean the sink the entire time we be there . they do replace a use washcloth each day so i know they ... more
this information be late get together but want to be sure to get it post . my family visit the st . michaels and surround area this past august . we stay at the best western plus easton inn suites . our accommodation be very nice and spacious room be neat clean and service daily with ample soft towel for us . very generous ... more
find ourselves in a bind after another hotel refuse to honor our gift card . employee that answer the phone and later check us in be extremely helpful and welcoming and process the choice hotel gift card without an issue . room be very modern yet comfortable . furnishing be quite pretty . no noise at all from the hall or other room . breakfast ... more
nice sized room and a very beautiful view . the staff be very helpful and nice however the room be definitely date and not very clean . in my opinion you could find a better stay for 100 in luray .
we recently travel to northern vermont for the first time . on the recommendation of a friend we stay at the grey gable mansion . tim and debbie be fantastic host . the room be comfortable and clean the breakfast be the best and it nice to be welcome guest . tim and debbie give us idea for local dining way t best see ... more
rent out all cabin and ground for a recent event . not a complaint to be hear from any of our guest and some can be difficult to please . the owner run an immaculate property include the cabin and the common area . marty and carol be gracious host and cater to every need . our event be a huge success with guest ... more
one of the few affordable hampton i have find 77 dollar but be hard to find on gps . stay in texarkana ar as texarkana tx be 10 dollar more and offer nothing more than i get in this one . the staff be very friendly and helpful the room be very clean and the breakfast be as good if not better ... more
friendly and very accommodating front desk staff and manager . i make an error in my stay date and the manager be most accommodating . very close to trade day . clean quiet room with very comfortable bed .
great location close to the stadium but far enough away from the craziness . nice staff and well maintain hotel . love the free evening drink and breakfast in the morning .
highly recommend this hotel the check in be hassle free and informative parking be great in the garage very clean super friendly staff delicious hot breakfast overall great hotel
air conditioner do not work . toilet be filthy urine . service elevator overheat and set off fire alarm . be repeatedly warn by staff about it be a high crime neighborhood .
additional 15 charge a day for parking be ridiculous when there be no parking after 10 pm . i have to park at park at your own risk
i find this hotel to be clean fresh in appearance and comfortable . i would recommend this hotel . it be good to have a restaurant on site and we find the food to be quite good . no complaint . thank you for the stay .
this be a great location for the convention we be go to . the hotel be nice and the room be great the price be also great
the staff be very helpful throughout my stay at this hotel . the hotel room be very clean . the breakfast that they serve every morning be great and be a great deal . i would recommend this hotel to anyone want to stay in anaheim .
the room be spacious . they have a breakfast restaurant and bar . no dinner facility . there be plenty of good restaurant in the neighborhood . staff be very efficient helpful and friendly . good location and parking . worth check this place out
our stay here couldn t be any better we be able to check in a little early with a gentleman that be fill in from the hampton inn next door . i don t remember his name but the check in process be quick and smooth and he be very nice and informative . the second night we choose to eat at the restaurant ... more
july in anaheim with no air condition for the first two day . first room no air so on second day move room . second room do not have work a c either so maintenance finally change out the entire a c unit . no compensation for inconvenience even though hilton advertising 100 satisfaction guarantee . lobby be small and food be only average . room be ... more
this hotel be fully adequate for our family . it be nothing fancy but it be absolutely fine for what it be . it s set in the middle of a million other hotel with a target and starbuck nearby . good proximity to various attraction include disneyland and chapman university . quiet convenient .
be not impressed we only stay here because it be close to disneyland on our last night stay in california . we get in close to midnight . i have call to confirm earlier that evening let them know that we be go to check in late that be not a problem . everyone be tired and just want to sleep . the a c be always on . it do not turn off and we try everything . bed be uncomfortable difficult to sleep . wake up to make coffee in our room . coffee maker do not work .
arrive to friendly reception and go straight to pool . shower and towel do not disappoint . breakfast be awesome . staff excel in service . will definitely recommend and return
i stay here several year ago and swear i d never be back it be really dirty and run down . i see they have rejuvinate and becuase most hilton garden inn be very nice decide to give it another try . they have clean it up substantially but still not the same as every other hilton garden inn that i have stay ... more
awesome place we be gladly surprise staff be nice and friendly the room be perfect super comfy bed and everything be clean we love our stayed and will recommend 100 . plus you have a kitchen wonderful
love this clean new modern hotel the front desk crew be simply awesome professional and very caring they go out of their way to make sure i have a fresh make salad for a late bite . these gentleman be just simple the best across the country hand down
me and my wife stay here while on a weekend trip . our main reason for come to the area be to visit charlotte motor speedway for the bank of america 500 . this be the best place we have ever stay at while vacation . thank you for a great experience
we do not get to the hotel until about 8 30pm . leave at 7 00am . check in and the person at the desk be very nice . very good price for a short stay . in the parking lot i be past by a homeless person that be really high on drug and say some rude thing to me . i wish they have more ... more
the hotel be safe and basic . the good point be the hot tub . the room be old and need remodel . they have the basic dark wall and dark bedspread and really old bathroom . tall people will need to bend over to wash their hair in the low shower . there be a fridge . the outlet be very poor . i have to ... more
i be a frequent business traveler and stay in many type of hotel each year . i have the pleasure of stay at the 250 main hotel a number of time since it open in april . stay at 250 main be an experience not just another night in a hotel . the staff be always welcome knowledgeable and engage in make your ... more
we stay here for 3 day this past weekend . this be a jewel for rockland maine a must stay for the art lover and inspiration for the artist when visit the area . an enormous amount of thought be put into the design of this property . beautiful print be locate throughout the hotel . each floor have a common area that be ... more
the room be exceptionally spacious and comfortable include a wet bar area and do in soothe color of brown and teal . the staff be exceedingly friendly and courteous . the best part of all for me be the fact that they have real hair dryer in the room not just one that blow barely above a whisper for my thick mop ... more
this hotel seem to be in the midst of a renovation . they say that they put me in one of their newly renovate room so i would hate to see what the room look like before . the textile be new but they should have invest in new mattress and new ac unit . the room feel damp and musty and i would have rather sleep on the floor than on the deflate old lumpy mattress that they have on the bed . the room be extremely dark even with every light on . i can not believe that this be consider a 3 star hotel for expedia . definitely not it feel like a motel .
i do not stay in the room a whole lot as i be in town for a conference . my husband however come with me and spend most of the day in the room while i be at my conference . he be not impressed with the wifi strength intermittent moment of loud guest and lack of a microwave in the room . other than that we be pleased with the comfort of the room in general .
my daughter and i be in lafayette for a soccer tournament and this be where the team be set up to stay . we book the room for a reasonable rate and i assume there would be some due diligence as to the hotel and its condition . after some research we find that the hotel be undergo renovation . we request to ... more
we be pleased with our stay at this hotel . the room be comfortable and clean . it meet our need . the only change we d suggest be a complementary free breakfast instead of the bistro breakfast provide .
i stay here because the location be close to all the attraction restaurant and beach . the bonus be the low price compare to all the other motel in the area . it be clean nicely furnish and a very friendly staff . i recommend this motel highly
i come to olivia s quite often . i be in love with the room hospitality atmosphere and the town . it s always clean comfy and cozy . it be my favorite place to run away to from my busy life in new york . to the staff thank you for always be so amazing to my family friend and myself . love you all
this be a nice family own hotel . it be well appoint but not luxury . the service be exceptional . they could teach a course in hotel service . the staff introduce themselves and remember our name .
everything about this hotel be wonderful . the room be spacious and well appoint the staff be friendly and the food be great . we enjoy our dinner so much the first night we have dinner again at the hotel the second night . will definitely stay here again .
we want a hotel that would allow us to visit the delta river go to the winery and visit the fair . this hotel be a great place to do do it all . the room be very clean and the hotel staff be great . for those who have stay at a hampton inn before know about the fresh cookie . when they ... more
the mission of hampton inn clearly put the customer as its number one by the evidence of how clean the room be and the friendliness of the staff assure total satisfaction true to its company mission . russ
as other reviewer state the staff here be awesome . i ve stay in five star resort that didn t have this level of customer service . it s a shame they have to work in a facility that they have to make excuse for . the elevator be break 95 of the time we be here . i have a bad knee and my 82 year old ... more
we have a nice stay some family in other room near us . floor be a bit slippery not from uncleanliness just wood floor but otherwise we have a wonderful stay .
we stay at this lovely inn and hotel for 3 night while i attend a recent conference also host by the hotel . i bring my husband and daughter along to enjoy some connecticut sun . location be right off the highway and there be a grocery store and some restaurant nearby . there be choice of church and temple in the area ... more
i really enjoy my stay at the norwalk inn . the room be beautiful and the staff be so helpful . there be a great restaurant where we have a wonderful family meal . i would definitely give a five star rating to this hotel . hope to come again soon
i be only there overnight stay on first floor . room be small but adequate . wallpaper fall off the wall in bathroom . when ac be turn on there be an awful musty moldy odor . have to turn it off due to my allergy . the next morning i find a huge spider in the bathtub . i don t do well with these thing but manage to somehow drown it in the semi hot water the hotel offer . have to say that that traumatize me a little . hate spider especially big one . i manage to take a shower after that always look around me for more . after i dress i decide to make a cup of coffee in the room s keurig pour the creamer that be supply into the cup . it immediately curdle when check the expiration date on the creamer it read 8 11 15 and my stay be on 9 5 15 . after that i just pack up and check out . receptionist at desk be nice but didn t offer discount for the problem i encounter . only good thing i can say be the pillow be comfy . check this dump off my list .
my husband have be work hard an hour away from home every week day . i surprise him with this little get away.i have no problem find this hotel off the highway . plenty of parking and close to the restaurant we go to . the check in be quick and easy the lobby and ground be beautiful and clean . the room be comfortable and have everything we need for our date night thank you so much
we appreciate our rest after a very busy day . the bed be very comfortable . the staff in the bar area be also congenial and helpful with a late meal . the room be smaller than i expect but comfortable enough for one evening . the hotel look older and could stand some freshen up . the wifi be limited and fairly weak . lack of a free or reduced breakfast be disappointing .
it have prime location among many other place in town friendly staff with happy smile to help with all your need give ride to anywhere in town . room be very much renovate with all modern facility
quiet room nice and comfy bar and restaurant on premise
i be very pleased staff be very professional but also friendly and helpful . i love the bar and cookie and tea be nice too . staff help me out with a late check out . excellent hotel great location
we stay at the king charles inn for one night . the staff be very welcoming and accomidating . the manager greet us and check on our satisfaction . the location be excellent . we would definitely recommend this hotel
great location to site in charleston . easy to walk to historical site and shopping . breakfast cafe in hotel . cheese and cracker pre dinner and cookie in the evening . welcoming and helpful staff . free on site parking .
this be a well keep property in a perfect location to walk to much of historic charleston . staff be very helpful informative and friendly . they even have print card with direction to the nearest gas station airport and plantation . their recommendation for place to eat be excellent . the room be comfortable attractive and clean . breakfast be available for purchase but otherwise ... more
we stay at this inn just for one night while visit the college of charleston . the hotel and the room be quaint and certainly within walk distance of all of the activity in charleston . we didn t use the pool area but it look refreshing with the pub overlook . parking be a bit tight . the room amenity be very nice . we ... more
we interview many company to find the perfect stationary . kristen cane to our house to show us her product and it be exactly what we be look for . kristen be easy to work with and i have to admit we be not the easiest customer as we know exactly what we want . she ... read more be able to live up to our expectation . i would recommend the silver starfish to anyone
i haven t be so thrilled with a hotel stay in a long long time . from start to finish the folk here couldn t be kinder . malcom at the front desk be amazing his check in and check out be perfect welcome and inviting . and caroline at breakfast she be amazing . i want to bring her home with me .... more
we spend three day here with friend sample restaurant and sightseeing . this hotel be an easy walk to most market street the battery and older section of town . the staff be pleasant helpful and courtieous . no complaint .
we go back every other year and always stay here . the location be perfect the hotel extremely well maintain and the service a cut above . there truly be no other place we would stay when in town . the proximity to the market and restaurant also make it one of the most convenient .
the room be small . not what be expect for 340.00 a night . my debit card be charge twice and take day to get it reverse . manager be helpful but do not offer any other discount on stay even though it be their fault .
i travel with two of my sister during a week and a half road trip . we be come up from savannah and be stay two night . as it be august it be very warm out . we be greet by a very nice staff member who help us with out belonging take them out of the car load them onto the ... more
i want to love the king charles inn because i love charleston so much . we visit often . we usually stay at the doubletree marketplace because we be be cheap or for a splurge at charleston place in my opinion the best place if you don t mind spend money . it s pointless to spend a lot cause who linger in their room ... more
it be great work with kristen . before we even meet i send her some idea of what i like so when she meet me at my home she already have an idea of what i want . by the time she leave we have a really great of idea of what we want for our wedding invitation . her ... read more relationship with multiple stationer allow us to get our letterpress invitation for almost a third of what we be quote at other stationary vendor . once the proof review start kristen be on our side as we have to work through a few design issue with our vendor . kristen make sure we get exactly what we want despite have to go through four revision to get the design just right . our invitation turn out perfectly . we be get email and text after they all go out say they be the most original and prettiest invitation they have ever receive . thank silver starfish for set the stage for the rest of our wedding .
very trendy hotel in the charleston downtown . easy to walk to most attraction . beautiful lobby and nice staff . much lower price than other hotel in the area but have everything we need . check out jestine s right around the corner for some delicious southern food .
come here after a 7 hour drive down from nags head and it be the perfect stop definitely worth more than the 3 it s lovely cute little outdoor pool lovely large room i make use of the gym and it be amazing load of equipment would definitely stay again
friendliest staff of any hotel i ve ever stay in .
love this hotel . charm comfortable impeccably clean i would highly recommend this hotel for anyone stay downtown charleston .
yes maureen the manager be the main reason we come back again and again close to 13 stay now in a row when we come from ohio to charleston . over the year we have come to look forward to the clean and great atmosphere and the general feeling of come home make by maureen and the friendly staff johnnie and ... more
friendly attentive intelligent responsive staff member enhance our stay
we recently go to charleston for a birthday weekend and stay at the king charles inn . we both love it . from a very warm and efficient welcome to a lovely spacious room and it be in the perfect spot across the way to fig and next door almost to jestine the decor of the hotel be chic but cozy and ... more
can t say enough about it . perfect spot to see all the site close to the restaurant trolley stop right in front if you aren t incline to walk . our room 228 be very large very clean . all the staff be as friendly as you could ask for will make reservation call cabs anything you need they do their best to accommodate.the cafe have a ... more
we have another fabulous week at the walkabout . sherry keep our room immaculate . veronica be extremely pleasant and helpful . we really love this place and have come back at least twice a year for the last five year . the people watch be beyond word . we walk to all type of restaurant on the broadwalk . the ocean be step away and ... more
stay at two different hotel in seattle . the maxwell be a gret location for the space needle seattle center science center sculpture garden etc . another huge benefit be the free parking which be rare in seattle . the room come with many nice complimentary ammenitie kuerig coffee popcorn tea shuttle ride etc . for the price this place be unbeatable .
locate directly next to the space needle and with all kind of food option nearby the maxwell serve as an excellent base for discover seatlle . our room be very spacious modern and clean and the free parking make for a pleasant surprise . although breakfast isn t complimentary we can recommend the coffee and freshly toast bagel from the espresso bar .
be look for a moderately price hotel in the queen anne district close to seattle pacific university for a college preview weekend . have never stay here before but definitely would stay here again great location within walk distance to the space needle and monorail which get you close to other shopping and restaurant . helpful staff . clean quiet room . definitely would ... more
best place to stay in seattle . all the staff be really friendly and helpful . room be spotless . bed to die for .... seriously didn t want to get up . many restaurant bar and thing to to within walk distance . delicious cupcake every afternoon . when we need a place to stay in seattle we will always stay here . wish we could have stay longer .... more
my daughter and i stay here on 4 14 while attend the ariana grande concert . we have to be at key arena at 3 and we be allow to check in at 1 p.m. . we have time to eat at the rock also very nice and freshen up first . parking be easy and only a short walk to key . staff excellent and ... more
check in be easy . park in the free parking which be a rarity in seattle . to contrast the seatac marriott charge us 30 a day for valet parking at a hotel that cost 30 more a night and wasn t even close to as nice a room . parking in the garage be tight but it be doable in our rent camry land ... more
everything about this place be great . location within walk distance to some of the best restaurant seafood to tex mex with a very good pizza place right inside the hotel . there be 2 24 hour grocery within a 5 minute walk . the staff be fantastic room be clean and quite .
we have stay at the maxwell hotel twice now during our annual family trip to seattle . what we love be the neighborhood feel for this hotel and that it be not super noisy . you be near the major site and attraction yet can walk to great restaurant and even grocery store . the free parking be a bonus as be the ... more
the hotel be just ok . i pick this place for the advertise free parking . unfortunately the parking area be small and not near big enough to hold the guest car . add to this issue many of the employee be utilize the free parking and there be not enough room for the guest . i have to park on the street 2 ... more
have a wonderful stay at the maxwell this week . the location be fantastic only a few block from the space needle and emp museum . the hotel offer free parking which be totally unheard of in a major city downtown hotel charge 35 night free wifi free cupcakes free bicycle and free shuttle service to several downtown location . the room be very ... more
the hotel be locate within a stone s throw away from the wonderful seattle center . from there it s easy to get into downtown with the monorail and for us it be quite easy to even walk to downtown . also the hotel even offer transport to downtown tourist destination free of charge need to book ahead . the room be nicely furbish the ... more
a really mixed bag . great location by space needle campus and very nice room . the personal service that be so laud be absent in our case ... lot of newly hire and distract 20 something at the desk . the view out the back be truly horrifying ... a crack house with squatter ... but no spillover to the hotel . lot of good restaurant ... more
my wife always want to get to seattle . so this year for her birthday i book it . i decide on this hotel as it offer a ton of extra in a cool neighborhood . parking bike rental shuttle around town even to the game restaurant connect just a couple block from great restaurant and attraction . after five day it still be ... more
the maxwell hotel be a great find . the room the staff the location be all wonderful . it be not in the center of the city so there be no outside noise . however there be free shuttle service to downtown pike market etc.it be in walk distance to many good restaurant and the space needle complex . the staff be very friendly ... more
this hotel be situate close to the seattle center . the staff be really friendly and efficient . just as well as we have a few problem . soundproof between floor be poor and we have two very disturbed night with a family above us sound like a herd of elephant . the air con unit have to be replace in both our room ... more
this hotel be so roomy and spacious . real espresso available at the cute little breaky bar in the foyer . we feel safest catch a cab to and from town after dark 8 but super easy by day to just catch the monorail . very close to our favourite museum in the us music museum
this hotel be definitely worth the price . large nicely decorate room large bathroom with walk in shower lot of nice touch to make you feel pampered . the bed be awesomely comfy pillowtop with 2 fluffy down comforter per bed . location be about a ten minute walk from the space needle . offstreet secure cover parking . we will definitely stay here next time ... more
clean hotel . metro style . about 2 block from all the sight in savannah down by the river . very expensive parking you have to valet and it be 27 a night street be noisy . sheet be polyester . bar be rather stake . friendly staff .
make reservation for room with roll in shower with a bench chair to use there be no bench chair available . management substitute a pool chair the first night the pool be close the entirety of our 3 night stay to the dismay of me and several kid staff be attentive and lonnie in their restaurant be terrific in give us some ... more
me and my family recently stay at the sea captain resort as a last minute get away . this place be very small and quiet . they offer breakfast on the weekend . they also have free parking and wi fi . the desk staff be very friendly and very helpful on thing to do and place to eat . the housekeeping staff and handy man ... more
the sea captain have it all it be the friendliest place i have ever have the good fortune to visit . my self and my family will be return for the third year in a row this september . the staff be exceptional and can not be any more welcoming than they be . you truly feel like part of a family . along with ... more
have be come to hotel for decade and have previously rate it highly but it change hand since my last stay and be now under new management pende demolition for larger hotel . all staff appear to be new . day of arrival call hotel en route to warn of late arrival . at first hotel telephone do not work . finally get through ... more
my son and i recently spend two night at this hotel and really enjoy it . the only downside be that a larger hotel be build right next door and it hide the building and that it will be tear down in about a year to build a bigger hotel . that s a shame because this place have history . our room be ... more
room be disrepair rude manager average breakfast . possible mold on the wallpaper i which some be fall off . plus i ve never see anyone put drywall over wallpaper . at least the breakfast lady be friendly and it be quiet . do they buy their review
the whole place be a bit funny the room be nice but old and so be the reception nice location easy to find . breakfast be .... bear claws type . a brewery down the road so be restaurant . would stay again
very dubious about our stay here as have read very mixed review . the hotel be situate in a commercial industrial area so be very quiet in the evening . the subway be a 2 min walk away and there a dew convenience store close by includung a delicious chinese bakery . the hotel be very clean and welcoming . all staff be helpful . they print ... more
the front desk receptionist be very nice and helpful i think this be the strongest point of the hotel . i be tell ahead i would have a corner room on the third floor it do not look anything g like the photograph and be give the second floor . the view be a pipe out the window .... more
virtually the only place for any regular live music and good entertainment in town or to have interesting intelligent conversation with the awesome staff . a very lively and intimate bar .
our first time back since the new owner take over . the small change in decor be nice to see but be hope for more update soon . revamp the entrance and new chair would help the atmosphere . the farm to table concept be great but the execution of the menu and cooking need to improve . the staff and owner be friendly ... more
we decide to book this hotel for a weekend stay cation . we be from the dayton area and know the miller lane area have plenty of restaurant for our getaway . we have stay in the south location by the dayton mall and always enjoy our service and the room ... however this location seem less organized and not as up keep . the employee park wherever they want maintenance truck take up half the parking lot not even in space and make it difficult since it be a one way driveway . also the bed be very hard and uncomfortable i almost prefer the sofa pull out mattress . our mirror be crack which wouldn t have be a big deal if we didn t have a toddler try to touch it ... and the tub be clog when we shower . also the stove keep randomly turn on .. yes seriously .. just click on . our sink faucet have a steady drip as well as the bathroom cold knob do not turn but the hot water also never get hot .
i stay last year and room be great . this year complete opposite . the mattress be bad the sofa be stain with who know what it be just a filthy disappointment as i highly recommend this hotel base on my experience the prior year . i will not return to this hotel . however the staff at the front desk be friendly the only good thing about this stay
carpet be filthy fly everywhere no shower curtain air conditioner keep cut off and the bed be hard
would not stay a 2nd night .
the review make this hotel seem better than it be . it be fine . and we could have be in a better location for the same rate with more local amenity nearby .
hotel be clean and staff very helpful friendly and professional . i think the room and price compare with other hotel be very reasonable . it be in a good area . i would recommend this hotel to other .
i have never be treat more like an honored guest than during my recent stay . the property be fine but the staff be exceptional . mail delivery lose key local hint all be manage very well the weekend manager in particular be full of good local knowledge .
friendly staff basic room . bed be ok ventilation in room not good enough . only ac not possible to open a window . breakfast be include oatmealjuice most healthy stuff to eat . coffee of pretty good quality . all together price quality just on par .
i need a place to stay for the night and i choose this hotel . i m not picky since i be prior military so the room be clean and bed be comfortable . i would stay here again .
there with family for 2 day . the hotel be convenient close to dorney park restaurant and store however off a very busy road . the room be very clean bed comfortable but the room be small for a double room for 4 people . overall an okay stay .
travel all the way from louisiana to new hampshire with a friend and a 10 month old pup we need a pet friendly hotel . i will say the management be interested in our thought as they do respond to my review so they be try . this be an old hotel with renovate interior . that still smell like smoke when the room ... more
the toilet have not be flush . the woman at the front desk do want to reimburse me some of my money but say she have to call hotels.com to do that .
stay here for a night with my 60 pound dog . didn t need anything fancy as this be a one night stop on a long road trip . good clean room comfortable bed dog relief area be surprisingly well maintain and clean bad leaky bathroom fixture shower pressure not strong enough slow check in process shady practice ... more
i wasn t thrill about the exterior corridor .. my room be freeze smell of dog and there be multiple hair all over the tub ... the staff be friendly . alright stay wouldn t be my first choice .
i stay here in oct 15 . the room be very basic 70 . the room be clean but that be it . there wasn t a hairdryer coffee machine microwave or mini fridge . as well there wasn t breakfast of any sort . even a bagel and a cup of coffee would have be appreciate . this be the most basic red roof i have ever ... more
you can not beat this hotel for the price and location in allentown . it also allow dog which for me be fantastic . the room have always be spotless and the staff be always friendly . although this time i have a minor problem with the rate the manager correct the problem immediately when he be make aware of the problem . you can ... more
for some reason accord to the front desk the regular queen room book from hotels.com give us a handicap room . i stay at a wonderful red roof inn in boston a few year ago . since then i have be to 2 in pennsylvania . it be definitely not the same . win t be stay at red roof again
great hotel within walk distance of clinton library and the capitol and all many place to eat and the service be great just be aware parking be share with a condo but plenty of parking and its 7 dollar a night extra but cheaper then anywhere in any other downtown city in usa
this recently remodel facility look smell and feel clean and fresh very modern . the secure parking be easily accessible and security within the hotel itself be excellent . bed be comfortable wi fi be good and staff be very friendly and accommodating . would definitely stay here again .
great location in downtown easy to get in and out of . parking garage in behind hotel nice private walkway to from garage . nice outdoor patio with firepit . personable staff who be very sweet . spotless clean hotel . the only downfall uncomfortable bed .
locate in downtown little rock i find myself only step away from restaurant and other activity offer by this city . for frequent traveler it s on par with what you would expect from the hampton brand add with some very friendly and helpful staff . definitely my pick in little rock in the future .
what a wonderful hotel . my sister and i arrive late in the day so the hotel try to connect with us via phone and email in advance of our arrival to confirm and ensure we have an easy arrival even though we be arrive after the front desk be close for the day . they leave us all the detail we ... more
room be adequate but the hotel need maintenance bad . porch deck be dirty the outdoor carpeting be awful ... don t walk without shoe the weed at the hotel entrance be an indication of how they maintain the rest of the hotel . breakfast be granola milk oj and store buy stale cake ... no fruit or anything . staff go home early so don t have a ... more
the accommodation be lovely and the view be spectacular . you can go to the 2nd floor and view the personal plane take off . we weren t able to go to their dinner since they be close on monday . 8 min away from downtownthank you for choose the hangar hotel for your anniversary we hope it be the best one yet . we appreciate you take the time to post your review . come back and visit us soon
excellent customer service we be able to check in 2 hour early friendly staff cookie and coffee upon arrival valet parking . great location
the hotel be at the best location convenient for shop hiking or simply relax . the breakfast include be incredibly good and generous . free village parking and transportation be just a few step away . overall a great deal .
wonderful if you be look at another place in vail stop look and book this . location be great room be wonderful and clean and bed be oh so great top notch service
the hotel lobby be quaint but the room be well appoint . the room sleep well and the internet connection be great . the property be in a great location closely locate near the slope and the amphitheater . there be a welcome reception that be very nice with complimentary wine and hor d oeuvre . this be a lovely trip i hope to visit ... more
we stay here for a friend wedding and fall in love . the hotel be right on one of the main pedestrian road and within minute of all the glory that vail have to offer . the room be cute super fluffy and comfortable bed . tiny window which make the room a bit dark but not a big deal . the bathroom be ... more
everything be great ... location room pool staff ... highly recommend
great location in vail . locate right along the river . nice heated pool and hot tub . great customer service .
recently enjoy with my family and grandchild 3 night at this quaint beautiful centrally locate hotel . our room be beautiful and although face the front of the property we have a beautiful view of the mountain . the flower box be so beautiful hang on the small patio opening of our room . hummingbird fly on the window box take nectar from the petals . it be very wonderful to see . the room be large and all accommodation be much like a 5 hotel . beautifully decorate we be very pleased with our room . we especially enjoy the valet parking and eric who be so helpful . the check in process be easy and accommodate our early check in wish . the european style breakfast be enjoyable with plenty of food to fill you up for a early day of shop sight seeing and photo opportunity . walk literally out the door and you be welcome by the abundance of shopping and restaurant . we will most certainly book this hotel again .
we stay at this hotel during the weekend of our daughter s wedding . it be a convenient location to new albany link . the room clean and spacious . hotel staff be very accommodating . and the shuttle to and from the wedding venue be awesome
my friend s family reserve a section of room for their daughter s wedding . the hotel personnel be very helpful and friendly . our room be use for prepare for the wedding and the hotel be accommodate from ensure that room supply be ample to help us navigate around town . this hotel be clean and hospitable
my stay here be excellent clean room great staff . the best part of my stay be cynthia . she be such a go get her . she will help you with anything you need . make me feel right at home . that s the kind of service i expect when i stay at any hotel . thank again .
great hotel the staff be friendly and very professional . the facility be welcome and appeal to the eye . very clean . you get free cookie in the lobby smile my husband and i love the room king size bed the bathroom have plenty of towel wash cloth .
very clean . breakfast be good and a variety each morning . many different choice . we stay for 5 night . staff friendly and helpful . property be very well keep and pleasant . would definitely stay again .
after read the review i decide to stay here after arrive from a lengthy series of flight and be not disappoint . comfortable clean and spacious room . friendly and helpful front desk staff . quiet location enable a good night sleep which be much need . great value .
one of the best hotel by far the employee be wonderful the manager be very very friendly i just love the area it s a great hotel i would recommend anyone to this hotel the room be very nice and clean the housekeeping staff be excellent it s such a great hotel
hotel be functional . stay for one night and glad it wasn t any longer . check in be easy and efficient . parking be directly behind the hotel . there be a tiny little alley that you wouldn t notice on the left side on the hotel there be about 10 parking space and it s first come first serve . this be a very industrial neighborhood .... more
we be originally tell that the room we book the 2 br suite above the office have 1 1 2 bathroom no it have one bathroom and it be an on suite to one of the bedroom . this make it very award for two couple share the suite . in fact the couple use the large open concept room ... more
great location a few step from the beach which be lovely and all the restaurant and bar . the room have be renovate but very cheaply and the room smell very musty . the bed be comfortable and the staff friendly . parking space be available as request .
fly into ft . lauderdale airport in the evening i want a hotel nearby on the beach . this resort be less than 10 mile from the airport and a very short block from the beach . to find the hotel you need to turn into hayes street then turn left on the alley to find parking on garfield street which be a ... more
the location be great very close to airport shuttle service allow us to return car and the return to hotel by shuttle . very good restaurant on premise . room large bed comfortable free use of laundry service pleasant and helpful staff . highly recommend
would recommend to anyone . room service be fabulous
great friendly helpful staff . nice bar restaurant . huge room .
we book at grand prix motel last minute for jeep week 2016 . i be a little skeptical due to the story you hear about outdated motel and the few bad review . this be my first time ever do a review but i feel like this place deserve it . very well maintain family own motel with private balcony right on daytona ... more
only stay for one night so it suit our purpose which be to hang out at the pool and the beach and not in a motel room ..... the pool be clean and right on the beach . the room be clean and well maintain .... great customer service . also have no problem with parking . we will definitely be back
i be not too impressed with the hot tub or breakfast . besides a clean room and comfortable bed those two thing be important to me . one morning they be out of item at breakfast .
the hotel and staff be great there be a lot of construction in the area so that make it hard to see the hotel as well as arrive leave due to traffic .
tub need work but be clean . lounge chair have break leg .
i be very disappointed with my stay . i be charge 270.00 dollar to my credit card for so call damage . i call to see what they be talk about and ask for picture to be send to my e mail .and ask to speak to manger . get the run around get hang up on after try to see what they be talk about . because room be leave very clean . we only take a shower and sleep we didn t even use anything else in be room . all towel be leave in bathroom in a pile after we use them bed be clean . be room be leave in tact . they haven t refund my money back and have not show me what so call damage . so be aware of their scam
i seem like the hotel be under go renovation . the road in front of the property be under go serious construction . one of the exterior door to the hotel never do not open from the outside . the air conditioner in the room be so noisy i do no sleep well the first few night . the first day the maid fail to clean the room . we have to go to the front desk to get clean towel .
there be a roach crawling around the coffee maker microwave area when i walk into the room after check in . the shower caulking have a lot of mold .
stay at this hotel for 3 night for a family trip . good stay breakfast wasn t great pool need a major cleaning room be really muggy there be construction everywhere around that area but we be able to get around fine . not far from bricktown which be where we spend most of our time . good for a quick stay but i wouldn t prefer to stay for more than a day .
really nice hotel clean big room and less the 8 min from the airport
great motel especially if you want to be close to downtown and the max . clean room really helpful staff who know portland and excellent location .
this have to be the worst crown plaza i have ever stay . i stay 2 night to attend a wedding and i didn t sleep at all . aside from the tired boring decor the room have a suppose queen bed that really should be classify as full size with a mattress harder than a sidewalk and pillow flatter than a short stack ... more
stay at this hotel for a couple of week travel on business . an excellent business hotel room be spacious and well maintain . wifi work like a charm . breakfast be sumptuous . pickup be provide by hotel from the nearest bus stop .
my fianc and i stay here this past weekend while in town visit her family . we book one of the jacuzzi suite . it be clean and decent sized but there be only one small window in the whole suite which overlook the roof of the entryway . the website say that their pool will be remodel in july 2016 and that s ... more
i stay at the crowne plaza nashua while visit family in the area this past week end i have a wonderful stay from begin to the end . the hotel be extremely busy with wedding guest and event yet the front desk staff be extremely professional and welcome us upon arrival . we our room be a suite which be exceptionally clean and ... more
the minute you step into the room at the crowne plaza nashua you can see that the they haven t be redone in decade . the wallpaper be even peel off in the bathroom . this kind of neglect can be forgive if the room itself be comfortable . unfortunately that be not the case . the bed in our room be one of the ... more
my family attend the easter brunch at the crowne plaza on march 27 2016 . we be a large party of 11 include 4 child . the food be fantastic . there be a great variety of breakfast and lunch food salad a variety of pastry and roll and ton of desert item . my nephew hit the custom make to order omelet station ... more
i stay at the maritime hotel on may 21 22 2016 . it be a stylishly appoint space throughout from the lobby to the restaurant to the room . the staff be incredibly friendly and helpful both check in and check out be a breeze . they will hold your bag for you if your room isn t ready at the time you check in and they will hold them for you even after you check out if your check out time be earlier than when you re finally ready to leave chelsea . incredibly convenient location to lot of restaurant and activity include the highline . the hotel be also right across the street from the chelsea market which be terrific shopping experience . i highly recommend book the maritime if you plan to stay in the chelsea neighborhood . the only caveat i have be bring earplug for sleep or some kind of white noise generator to drown out the sound of car horn honk all night . other than that it be a great stay .
love the hotel perfect location for shopping at chelsea market and walk the highline . i plan to stay here again soon
very dark limited lighting . shower handle fall off room key not work .. back down to the desk for new one 2x hotel steamer use for get wrinkle out of black tie suit gown be overfill w water and puddle in the room ... but staff respond quickly apologetically . nice indoor outdoor space for complimentary breakfast and appetizer in am pm . great location kitty corner to chelsea market near highline park chelsea pier
need a hotel near the west village and with parking this be perfect . hotel be very chic and room be comfortable with lot of storage which offset its small size . will definitely be use this hotel again in the future .
our stay be perfect from the moment we check in . the staff be friendly and helpful . we enjoy the happy hour great selection of wine and snack . the room be nice nyc small but have everything we need . the bathroom have everything include bubble bath and toothpaste who do that we like the neighborhood haven t stay in chelsea before but it be a great location . we cabbe it to broadway for dinner and a show but also do lot of walk include up to the natural history museum . it be a short stay but we can t wait to go back to the maritime hotel
the overdone maritime theme make this place creepy . everything be paint dark blue it s overwhelming and depressing .
our visit to bricktown be wonderful . from the time we arrive at the hotel and throughout our visit everyone be extraordinarily welcoming . they really make us feel they be glad we be there . location of the hotel be perfect to experience the excitement of the riverwalk . this be definitely a place we will visit again .
we get to check in early this be a perfect location for bricktown entertainment and great food clean room and friendly staff there be piano bar across the street and great place to eat within walk distance dear susan g so happy that your experience be perfect we hope to see you again soon thank you for the review sincerely carolyn temple
stay 2 night here for business . my room look out over the ballpark where the okc dodgers pacific coast league aaa club play . beautiful setting in bricktown . situated downtown restaurant be nearby walk distance . the room be well appoint quiet and bed very comfortable . the breakfast setup be varied and have something for everyone who eat . nice property . the parking lot ... more
i arrive at the hilton garden inn hgi oklahoma city bricktown with the expectation that all hgi s be roughly the same . this location prove me wrong . the front desk staff speedily provide our room parking and dining provision . my room while nothing out of the ordinary seem just a little extra clean and organized than most hotel . for the ... more
this hotel offer clean room great service and be within walk distance of everything in bricktown . the staff be so friendly and helpful . parking be a little tricky when try to locate the elevator . otherwise it be a nice hotel . would definitely recommend
we stay as a layover book it a few hour before we arrive . staff be phenominal hotel be clean and pretty food be wonderful . walk to bricktown for dinner watch a baseball game out our window in the stadium to the south . great stay
we be initially go to break our drive up into two day but feel ok after 6 hour of driving so we continue . en route we call our hotel we have reservation over 2 month ask if we would be able to check in a day early and we do so with no problem . we opt not to use ... more
the bed be warm fluffy and so comfortable . the room be a basic empty trash make bed type clean . lot of dust on office furniture chair curtain etc . no free coffee no cookie but parking have a daily fee even for overnight guest . bell staff be fast courteous as well as front desk . however the housekeeping staff ... more
hotel be better then expect . perfect stay . staff be exceptional .
1 . the room carpet be old wear very worn and stain . 2 . the lead clerk at the desk during check in be rude abject rude in her attempt to be prim and proper . 3 . the clerk at the desk during check out be outwardly rude abjectly rude . she make my wife and i go back and forth between the hotel and the restaurant . we absolutely should not have be involve in that at all . attempt to be prim and proper
this have always be a great hotel and one i have give good review to before . but this past weekend we stay there and the bedding be crap . not at all comfortable . this room have one of those sleep number bed where theoretically each side can adjust to the desire firmness . we couldn t get it to do anything and the ... more
everyone be helpful the area be easy to get around and the hotel be very clean and nice .
beautiful hotel and very friendly and helpful staff . the view be amazing because hotel be on the river .
my two night stay in denver start out at a real low point . i find myself next door to a constantly bark dog and a constantly chirp bird . who travel with a bird the people in room 410 . i complain to the front desk and they say the hotel be sell out and they could not move me . they say ... more
i love my room which have the same footprint as the a loft i d visit in miami . not a surprise they re both starwood property . comfortable and well appoint with a kitchenette that have anything i may want or need during a business trip . happy hour in the lobby as well as a light morning breakfast be also friendly and casual . the workout ... more
staff all helpful and welcoming . room very comfortable with great view of the rockie . breakfast be nice and easy to take to work . great pool and gym and outdoor fire pit area . will definitely stay again .
the room be to hot and no remedy be offer and the service at breakfast be inadequate . at 4 a cup i expect my coffee refill without have to chase down a waiter . we be the second customer in the restaurant that morning . the same be true of water refill .
stay two night with two girlfriend in a room with 2 queen bed . elkey on the front desk be very friendly on our arrival and even send a bottle of cava to our room to celebrate my friend birthdays bellman argentinian as i recall be very helpful with direction and suggestion . our room meet our need perfectly bed sooo comfy ... more
very horrible customer service at the beginning of our stay and during our stay we are.very disappoint with this hotel . the wall be paper thin . the customer service rep hang up on me as i be describe how loud the guest be next door .
a group of people from our church get together for lunch brunch once a month after morning worship . we love to come to spoonbread but our december get together be always a highlight . they set up table for us near the christmas tree in the lobby . the wide variety of food choice include the omelet bar be enjoy by all . the staff ... more
i have tell the westin i be go to leave honest feedback on my experience and will do so . first the hotel be beautiful . guest comment on the amazing and historic beauty it have to offer . room be a bit pricey but comparable to other hotel in downtown greenville . in fact ... read more room in the room block here be cheaper than what other hotel be go to offer in blocks . the complimentary night for the wedding be an add plus . we have our reception in the gold ballroom and that too be a great location site . it be stunning and if you want a reception in a ballroom i wouldn t have anything negative to say about it . i caution you if you plan on solely rely on the hotel s event planner . while she set up everything for you or instruct the staff i m not entirely sure i still have a day of coordinator and do not regret that choice one bit . my doc have to fix the centerpiece since they do not match the picture provide . also my doc be present through the entire reception . the hotel s planner typically do not stay until the end of the reception and also be not there sunday during our departure to help us locate some of our item . the hotel s planner be not consistently present during the reception especially if there be another wedding or event in the hotel . she be present only here and there but not consistently . we have an issue with our champagne toast and have to send my doc to try to locate the hotel s planner or anyone to help . overall the hotel s planner be useful in organize the detail plan food etc . she ensure the timeline generally flow and we get to where we need to be . at time communication be hard and response to question be delay . the overall package price in my opinion be helpful . next we have issue with the clean up of the event which be part of the package . the staff tell my doc they be not go to pack up the reception decor which result in my doc father and several groomsman spend an hour or two pack up the item and then carry them to my father s room . as the hotel planner be not there at the end of the reception there be no one to talk to about what be happen . needless to say the end result be a doc i need to compensate for time outside our contract and a not very pleased father of the bride . after some press to the westin compensation be give for this . i can at least give them credit for rectify a wrong though it do take some pushing . for reception food it be fantastic . we have many compliment on the steak side etc . the staff be attentive and the bar service be quick . my father have lot of positive thing to say about the staff and especially like eric . eric be a jack of all trade he be the bartender at the rehearsal bell hop at various point waiter at the reception van driver on sunday . if you have eric do anything you be in good hand . we also have a fantastic server jj at the wedding we love her too . the westin suggest do wine pass during dinner and close the bar as a cost saver . in the end this be more expensive than simply do another hour for the open bar . you be charge taxis gratuity and service fee for this hour though the contract state this be part of the package this be an issue and i m still not in agreement that it be right since it be never mention . think twice about this option . most of our decor be return a few item be miss .
i just spend 7 day in the westin poinsett and enjoy the time from arrival to departure . this be my second time in greenville with trek travel . it s be the perfect venue for cycling . the swamp rabbit trail be only a few block away and we ride it daily to get to and from the mountain . we dine in several ... more
my trip to greenville 2 to 3 time a year be usually at least a week long and i would not choose to stay anywhere else although i ve have to because get a room at certain time of the year be difficult . i ve been stay here ever since the hotel be resurrect some 30 year ago i think the timing ... more
i coordinate the logistic concern work space food and sleep room for a nyc base law firm . these team usually average around 25 people . i have the pleasure of work with kristin munafo in sale and later with rita fowler the conference service manager . both lady could not have be more professional and accommodating . matt konrad the a v manager make ... more
card for access to parking deck do not work front desk fail to activate card . try to exit parking deck and card still would not allow us to exit have to call front desk to exit . since we be in town for a wedding we ask about gift bag and be tell that there be none find out at the ... more
the driver of our horse and carriage be wonderful . his name be michael and we be very satisfied with the pick up and our ride . the horse and carriage be the perfect departure for us and our guest also love see us off in this . although i would give michael a 5 out of ... read more 5 the reason i have rate this a 3 out of 5 be because of the communication while book our horse and carriage and try to set up the ride . thank you michael we could not have have a better driver
i visit greenville and we stay at the beautiful and historic poinsett westin . the service at this hotel be absolutely exceptional everyone from the front desk staff to the management to housekeeping and the pianist in the gorgeous lobby they be happy helpful and kind . the breakfast in the hotel be affordable and delicious the room be spacious with the ... more
we always love stay at this hotel . the room be very comfy and it be conveniently locate downtown in the vicinity of great local restaurant . the only downside to our last two visit have be not be able to take advantage of the make sunday s better late check out . if this hotel can not accommodate late sunday checkout then that should be ... more
my first visit in 2016 and the westin s staff continue to provide excellent service . they be genuinely willing to accommodate a guest s request . i enjoy my visit to greenville but along with a wonderful downtown great restaurant beautiful reedy river it s make complete by return to the pointsett to relax and enjoy the down time .
the westin poinsett hotel be a beautifully restore gem with a long history of deliver southern hospitality at its best . this reputation for outstanding service couple with excellent food and drink continue today . the greenville symphony hold many event at the westin poinsett include our post concert reception and our annual ball . they have meet and far exceed our expectation ... more
great
we have our daughter wedding reception at the westin and it be flawless ... i mean everyone rave about the banquet room food quality wait and bar staff.they make it fun for all even for us nervous parent the whole wedding party and guest be from out of town yet they make us feel right at home . between the hotel and the ... more
stay at the westin in downtown greenville as i be a spg prefer guest even though i could not use point or any type of spg discount . i have stay at the hyatt for a business meeting in october and decide to take the family to see greenville . i be advise we be move our annual meeting to this hotel ... more
we couldn t have make a better choice . the westin be the full package and provide more than we could have hope for . many thank go to sarah locke for do such an amazing job with the planning and time that go into our wedding reception . we highly recommend
for those of you who have not experience the beautiful revitalized downtown greenville this hotel be in a perfect place . locate right on main street this historic hotel be in a great location and offer even better service than when i stay there 2 year ago . i be courteously greet in the incredible marble lobby complete with a ton of ... more
my fiancee be pet dog oliver and i be very excited on be pick of the the westin poinsett hotel on christmas day . we pack and go on a great long road trip from miami florida to greenville s.c . when we arrive we be amazed how fabulous the city be include the poinsett hotel.when we pull up our expectation go down hill . the valet ... more
mary and jose do a magnificent job of make our family breakfast 22 people come off perfectly . the food sunday brunch and the service be outstanding i will definitely use the weston again for function .
the westin poinsett be a fantastic place to stay in the middle of all the action on greenville s award win main street . the hotel be beautiful extremely well maintain and comfortable the lobby bar area be also a great place to gather with friend . staff member be quite accommodating and pleasant . the thanksgiving buffet be extraordinary the food be top notch ... more
my niece gift me with a weekend at the westin for my birthday and from check in to check out the experience be nothing short of fabulous . the front desk manager dru put us in the perfect room for our girl birthday weekend . the front desk supervisor jonathan send up chocolate cover strawberry and cookie that evening along with a sign birthday ... more
close to downtown . that be about the only good review i can give . for a westin the cheap thermostat cause the air conditioner not to stay at a consistent temp . down to the cheap supply hair dryer that take 30 min to dry a short hair person . hope you like the neighbor because you will hear them come and go all night long .
we stay at the westin poinsett over the christmas weekend . we usually stay at starwood hotel whenever we travel so we be familiar with the service which can be various at time . however we be very pleased with the exceptional service from the staff at this hotel . every single staff be friendly especially evelyn from spoon bread restaurant . she make ... more
if u want an historic sight with all the amenity this be your pkace
both the evening and morning staff work the front desk be outstanding . they be busy with guest breakfast both cook and serve help guest with request even find an empty room where i could dry my hair as the dryer in our room be not work all the while she be very busy with check out and breakfast .
we do an on line reservation and think we have reserve a 2 queen room end up it be a king room . no problem change us over to a 2 queen room like it be no big deal . the young woman at the front really know her job and be so customer service friendly . also the young woman help ... more
this inn be perfect location with amenity that give the comfort i desire . the breakfast be good with many choice . be able to have my dog with us be a real plus local eatery be very good and diverse .
very nice hotel . staff be courteous and helpful . hot tub be great . very clean room and lobby . decent breakfast ... love the pancake make machine . i want one push one button then 2 minute later out pop a fresh hot pancake .
we recently spend one night at the best western in lake placid . it be conveniently locate near the center of town across from the skating arena . the facility be adequate and offer a complementary breakfast . the parking be very difficult and it be not easy to get an suv out of the parking lot area .
this be a very nice place . room be decorate nicely roomy and cool i love the seating area by the pool but it do get a bit loud with all of the kid . would have like an outdoor seating area away from the pool kid . wifi be fast breakfast be good and there be lot of green space for our dog .... more
we be impressed by how pet friendly oxford suite be we have just adopt a 6yo chocolate lab from lab rescue of fresno and the hotel welcome him and us with open paw they also provide a great doggy bag fill with bottle of water dog treat doggy scoop bag and even a collapsible dog bowl our room be clean and comfortable at a reasonable price . and the breakfast be excellent thank you oxford suite
great place to stay . room be very nice bed extremely comfortable . the breakfast and evening reception be a pleasant surprise . but most of all i want to talk about the customer service my husband and i request an early check in due to a schedule fishing trip . although check in be not schedule until 3 p.m. our room be ready when ... more
nice room but horrible internet . the breakfast be good as be the happy hour .
we come to redd to handle a family tragedy when my wife pass away . the staff be very friendly and even recognize be from a visit 6 month previously it be one of the last visit my child have with their mom . the fact that we be recognize and welcome back bring back memory of a happier time and give us a brief respite from the reality we be experience . thank you so much .
we two family group of 4 adult and 4 kid show up at the hotel at 9 p.m. we be tell that there be only one room book under my name . i be also tell that may be there be an error in transcribe the online order to paper . the receptionist be kind and she take responsibility for the mistake on ... more
i d never hear of the oxford suite so wasn t sure what to expect . wow what a pleasant surprise don t let the price approx 100 per night scare you away . sure you can hunt for a lower price hotel in redd for 70 80 a night but i sincerely doubt they will have the service and extra that the oxford offer beautiful ... more
clean and comfortable . nice pool and good breakfast . the neighborhood be not great .
very nice room great q suite with the living room space pool and hot tub very nice . enjoy the cocktail and snack time . good location clean and friendly we would stay again ...
we show up early and expect to wait . we have drive 500 mi . so a couple of hour wait for our room reserve a week prior be no problem . the receptionist assure us that he would try to speed up the cleaning process and would let us know when our room be available . that didn t happen . i notice that generally ... more
have stay there several time and now that they have complete the renovation it be very nice feel like we be in a new hotel . the room be clean bed be comfortable and the complement breakfast be perfect . we also stay in and enjoy the evening complementary dinner and drink because of the heavy rain storm in austin sunday night .... more
i travel a lot for business and generally use best western . this hotel be not up to par for bw . the carpet be stain and dirty . it have a 4 hole in the threshold between bed bath room . the room be overall dingy and dirty looking . the vanity faucet shoot water out when turn on and spray water all over vanity .... more
the staff welcome us and take care of our every need . we be both handicapped and they do our best to meet our every need . we be very pleased with the garden inn and the staff . the room be very clean and all amenity be in place .
i be so happy with this gem we stay for a week.the owner pete and kelly be so wonderful and personable . i will be look forward to see them every winter . i highly recommend this quaint hotel great value for your money .
we be assign a room that have a partially disrobe male guest allready occupy the room when we open the door . we be then assign a different room that have industrial noise from outside off and on thru out the night.this be not the peaceful restful night we expect .
this hotel be very old accept pet and smoker . we have neither . when i ask to host if our room be no animal he sigh and say sir this hotel be so old i wouldn t be surprised if there have be 10 horse in there . the hotel be old bed stiff shower door didn t close 100 butt it be the ... more
hotel conveniently locate off of interstate 40 . this hotel be very run down . it appear that there have be attempt to remodel part of the premise . in my room the carpet be very old and disgusting . there be stain and it smell unpleasant . the hallway reek of tobacco and the air conditioning in the room be turn off make us ... more
room be bigger than expect and five of the room we book have a lounge bench . staff allow the use of breakfast room for a late meeting . this be a no smoking and no pet hotel . breakfast be basic cold continental . great rate .
couple quick getaway from the valley . perfect little boutique hotel right in the middle of downtown on whiskey row . walk to everything . it be clear that the owner give attention to every detail of the hotel and each room in this tasteful remodel . the room be very modern yet keep that period feel and history of the hotel . very clean ... more
hotel be very cozy . staff be very friendly and helpful . room be small but very pleasant and comfortable stair to get up to the lobby be steep . but definitely would recommend this hotel to my friend and would come back for another stay .
great boutique hotel in the heart of prescott . each room have its unique design and decor . i stay every month for work . the bed linen be amazingly soft . the room and bathroom be very clean . staff be wonderful .
the room be all decorate differently and be very quaint with a personal touch . one of the cleanest room we have ever stay in . the staff be very friendly and accommodating . they provide water bottle in the room and would provide more if request . coffee be available 24 hour and the continental breakfast in the morning be great present in ... more
what an amazingly preserve pristine comfortable environment . as lover of history and historic venue we find a home on whisky row . walk in the granite glen be worth brave the cold . staff be very nice anniversary strawberry be a great surprise . one minor thing i find close the curtain awkward . 59 i still have to get up on the ... more
a quiet and beautiful hotel with an awesome location . comfortable room and extremely friendly staff . very easy check in out . plenty of dining and night life in the immediate area and some room have an amazing view of the square .
i be look for last minute accommodation for an overnight stay in prescott i come across the grand highland hotel as they be the only location on whiskey row who have availability . they have one room leave and i book it never do i expect this stay to be as wonderful as it be . the staff be friendly and accommodate ... more
excellent style and amenity throughout inclue the room . very convenient location . ask about the local cafe across street . excellent food . i love the design of the room very convenient offering more than the average hotel .
the staff at home 2 suite be terrific as a frequent business guest they remember you by name and always create a welcoming atmosphere . the room be well lay out and perfect for the business traveler .
we be pleasantly surprised with this hilton brand . never know it exist but glad to know now . staff be extremely helpful room be very clean and modern . bed be very comfortable and room be a true suite with full kitchen . pool and fitness center be solid as well . great location . will definitely keep my eye open for more of these ... more
we begin stay here when it first open . we also enjoy the military discount . you can always count on it to be very clean and have all the amenity and more for need of any family . also location be great
when i book this room i know there be a separate living area but have no idea of the real size of the place . it be huge for a hotel room . there be a little kitchenette and dining area with nice appliance and a great set up . then there the live area that could be convert into another sleep area .... more
over price old and gross . we arrive in our very small room to towel that someone with a bad cold blow their nose in . yes that be leave for us . the front desk laugh when they see it . maybe they laugh because they have to come back in from smoking to help . the bathroom be similar to what you d find ... more
this hotel just recently have a complete remodel . our room be absolutely clean and beautiful everything be comfortable and breakfast be great the front desk staff be super if ever in the area i will definitely stay here again .
i be very disappointed in the wingate by wyndham lagrange . i initially like the hardwood floor when we enter our room definitely cleaner than carpet . however it sound like the guest above us be move furniture around and do some serious stomping until about 3 am . carpeting would have mute some of this noise . our room air conditioner sound like ... more
this hotel be a dream i visit the hotel to get a break from home and family and to relax . i stay for two day and don t even leave the hotel i love the room the luxurious bed the big shower the swimming pool the fitness center . it s a wonderful hotel . great value .
clean quiet and spacious room with micro fridge in every room . nice relax and appoint room with great cable lineup . i will stay here again upon my return . nice view of the mountain in west virginia .
staff be very friendly . the room be date but roomy . bed be comfortable . i be very pleased at be acknowledge as be a choice member . i would like to see more healthy option for breakfast .
have a two night reservation return next day someone else in room luggage miss . management total unresponsive . say owner would make it right and would call me . never do . call them back wait on owner would call back never do . call director of sale someone will call back never do call back two day later tell under ... more
staff be friendly and professional . hotel be clean outside and in the pool area . the room i have be clean and comfortable . i will stay there again . great location to get food and a walmart right next door .
after several hour on the road decide to shut it down in columbus mt . super 8 near the interstate have lot of 18 wheeler in the parking lot so decide to try the south side of town . git s be an older motel but i convince the wife to stay here for be on the quiet off the beatin track side ... more
very nice well maintain suite . great breakfast . nice amenity . highly recommend for those go to the ark and creation museum . close to all kind of shopping and good restaurant . quiet location no freeway noise .
clean very nice staff comfy bed and pillow . hot breakfast . a very nice place close to the airport and it have free shuttle . do not partake in that service . everything in the room work flawlessly .
i stay here recently with my boyfriend while we be attend a convention hold at the expo center and we both think the room be very clean and comfortable . however the customer service have a lot of room to improve . first of all every time i go to the front desk to ask a question there be no one at ... more
do yourself a favor and do not stay here . airplane loud and fly in and out all night . sound like they take off from parking lot . shower have no hot water sheet itchy towel rough coffee in room horrible hair dryer barely work one small lamp in bedroom breakfast fruit bowl have 3 piece of fruit include 2 apple with ... more
the facility have be upgrade recently and be in excellent shape . the breakfast room be staff at all time by two very accommodating lady and be one of the best breakfast set we have experience . i have stay in motels 80 100 night a year for the last 5 year so i have something to compare this against . we ... more
nice suite . very comfortable bed room with two double bed . nice linen . separate sit room with microwave and fridge . two tv s.quiet efficient hvac . second floor location . clean . nice breakfast not gourmet but fine in every respect . have stay there multiple time and always consistent . close to airport and to expo center . ample parking . good value for price pay .
a brand new hotel that be worth stay at . we have the chance to tour the new mill s place hotel in yellow spring . can t wait to bring my hubby up for a long weekend or overnight . room be charming . visit hotel website to see all the option . hotel also have a nice restaurant coffee bar workout room banquet hall meeting ... more
excellent site for our recent sibling reunion as the family that be once from dayton converge from different part of the country . front porch remind us of the one at the grand hotel on mackinac island with the rock chair . nice that you can have meal on the porch also . staff be top notch food in the restaurant be tasty and ... more
we stay 2 night to celebrate our 28yr anniversary . there be so many place to choose from on cape cod but we be so very happy that we choose the captain s manor inn . everything be perfect appearance and condition of the property the quality of amenity in our room the delicious breakfast and afternoon treat and of course the ... more
the captain s manor inn be probably the best place we have ever stay . my husband and i go down to falmouth for the day to grab a bite and explore the beach . we have such a wonderful time we decide to try to stay the night somewhere close by . the captain s manor inn come up first in my google search ... more
i can not say enough about this beautiful bed and breakfast it be such a pleasant first experience my boyfriend and myself typically go for the standard marriott or hilton hotel chain but this beat that by far i highly recommend stay here it be a wonderful location and close to all . wonderful inn keepers and the breakfast be fantastic . this ... more
i feel as though i be get boring and repetitive . ho hum just another excellent experience during our visit to new england . trish be very helpful make suggestion of where to visit scenic route to take to get there and make sure we do not foolishly take our car to marthas vineyard . megan sp be especially pleasant to deal with .
captain s manor inn be my favorite place on cape cod . as always the innkeeper trish kevin make sure i be well take care of . the room i be in be beautiful all the amenity you can think of and more whenever i be there i feel like it be home . kevin try a new recipe for french toast for ... more
for starter the hotel be gorgeous and the room be super cozy the staff be great there be a line when we arrive for check in but the clerk get everyone through quickly despite a few challenge the room be great spotless and it be nice the bed face the window which i think be nice . there be ton of ... more
we have no tv . would not work even with staff . toilet seat almost fall off when use . kid keep run on floor above until 11 p.m. .
the accommodation at the hampton inn and suite be pleasant but the hotel staff be amazing friendly and willing to ensure your stay be memorable . everyone from the maid service to the front desk and general manager help make the prolonged stay in the fort lewis wa area as great experience as possible .
i find this hotel very clean . helpful staff and friendly . very satisfied with stay and will stay again when in area . breakfast staff be very friendly and food be ok . it be not a straight shot to front but be ok . need to drive down road for dinner but eat at subway next door one night and be good for ... more
this hotel be extremely clean modern and have a small town feel with staff attitude and helpfulness it typically stay at hilton brand usually the homewood suite doubletree or embassy suite but since this hampton be only a few mile from where we be work we opt to stay at the hampton . it be a very nice surprise for the ... more
the hotel look very high class without break the budget . staff be very friendly and have kind attitude towards guest . they be very accommodating and be a pleasure to be around . the room be very nice and clean not a spot on them . the personal touch of the cleaner be a welcome reminder that the staff be more than just ... more
my husband and i stay one night here for our 40th anniversary . lovely hotel and amenity the lady that check us in be so friendly and welcoming . i think her name be cherry lyn our room be a large suite with a super comfy king sized bed . their breakfast room be big and amazing with a great selection starbuck be ... more
i stay for one week and have a clean and comfortable experience at this hampton location . the staff be friendly and help without question . complimentary breakfast and lunch snack pack be great and appreciate during the rush of the morning .
we book this hotel through travelocity for our stay in jacksonville today through monday mistake the property look okay when you pull in and although the furniture in the lobby be date it didn t hint to what we be in store for . we get our room key drive around the corner to find a box spring outside in the ... more
the room we stay in be mostly renovated and clean and really not too bad for a hotel that accept dog for 10 per night . many of the better hotel in the area charge 75 or more per evening so you sort of know what your get yourself into . the location be great right off 95 as be the service .... more
if i didn t have to rate this dump i wouldn t it s not worthy of a star or a so call rating . it s filthy nasty look lile it hasn t be clean in 20 yr . if my company didn t demand me to stay here there be no way i would . it s not a safe place for child at all there be several ... more
love stay here . frequent this location for work . all of the staff be extremely friendly and courteous . room be always exceptionally clean . they have free beer wine and food on some weeknight . will keep come back for sure
this hotel be great if your into prostitute and drug addict walk around . along with hole in the wall and mold in the bathroom . the bathtub look like it have duct tape on it . the mattress be wrap in plastic . the room may be 10x10 . while i be wait on my refund another customer be want a refund cause she ... more
frightening . the only good thing about the hotel be the free parking and convenience to the french quarter . high price for what they provide . below par for even a budget hotel .
this hotel have accomodate some custormer with too noizy in the later night and have no isolation of noizy . the narrow room be poor to install the old air condition but charge average 70 dollar per day .
the hotel be everything i expect . very reasonable price being that be 2 block away from new orleans french quarter . this give me the freedom to not worry about parking or transportation to or from the party life of nola . i will continue to visit each and everytime i come to louisiana .
i book 2 night . stay 1 and get out . i be afraid to shower here . by far the worst place i have ever stay . my window didn t close all the way . i use the term window loosely . it s basically a dorm room with a rickety door that doesn t close properly . the only redeem quality be the staff . you leave a ... more
one of the worst hotel i have ever stay at . could not wait to leave in the morning . as it be memorial weekend the picking be very slim .
i be thoroughly satisfied with this hotel which be recommend by my office . i book late yet everything be ready when i arrive . additionally i join their honor program late but be able to benefit from it .
great location super friendly well groom professional staff clean facility . hand down the best hotel in town . price at the restaurant be reasonable . they have amazing food too . they have a really nice pool for the kid that be always clean . my kid love stay here .
this place be like no other from the clean property to the friendly staff i will stay here from now on love the breakfast and the putting green it s really beautiful the only thing i wish i could have change be the fact we have to go back home . it s close to everything and the driver and extremely helpful . make ... more
boyfriend want to treat to casino stay for valentine s day weekend but be book and we get refer here . never stay at one of these and very glad we do . young lady at front be so nice ricky be great then we enjoy a good drink at the bar and to top it off mike bring us the best meal ... more
we arrive later than expect on our way to boston . room be very spacious and everything be brand new so not much else to say . the front desk person be prompt helpful and pleasant . complimentary breakfast be very good . one of my pet peeve be hotel internet . this location have complementary and pay internet . the complimentary internet be fast enough ... more
i stay at this hotel for a week for business and i be very pleased the hotel staff be extremely friendly and helpful . they answer all my question and give good recommendation for place to eat . the hotel itself feel brand new or recently remodel . my room be spacious and the breakfast be okay . there be quite a few place ... more
clean friendly easy to access from the highway . good price with beautiful room . free breakfast and free wifi . the staff be amazing i call at 10 05pm have a room 3 min later . i will definitely go back here
the bed be comfortable . the room have a bad musty smell . be not clean well . happy that i only have to stay one night .
after check out from an overnight stay the first week of january i arrive home and find that there be a 150 charge on my credit card for a smoking violation for one of the two room i book via call the front desk rate be 76 per room . in check with my party no one smoke in the ... more
i arrive at this hotel during a work trip at 1 am . i encounter brown water come from the sink and several cockroach in the hallway . i sleep there because i have nowhere else to go . in the morning i inform the staff . i receive no apology no refund and no follow up phone call . need i say more
after drive on the road for 1200 mile the staff be great the room be very nice and extremely spacious . the follow morning the breakfast provide be great hot coffee hot egg hash browns sausage muffin . it be a very nice breakfast and the front desk staff actually remember my name as i be walk up to the desk . would recommened ... more
for 125 we expect a much better accommodation . the staff be friendly but the place be show its age .
room not clean at all . i be not happy here i check out a day early . bathroom toilet seat have urine on it . trash in the bathroom when i check in . room not vacuumed . window lock be a screw . i will never stay here again .
i be travel across the country to california with my daughter from omaha ne and be completely exhaust by the time i have reach the ramada inn . i be cranky sore and want nothing more than to soak in the tub and go to sleep . the be a problem with the tub which only agitate an already foul mood . kerry ... more
we have stay here several time and it be always the same clean quiet not too expensive . although it do cost 20 buck a night now for a dog . the staff be always friendly and helpful . the breakfast be pretty good too .
this be the nicest cleanest best western i have ever stay at . the room be refurbish brand new and they be super clean . the staff be extremely friendly and helpful . nice breakfast bar . and very family friendly in nevada no slot a pool great for family
there be only 3 hotel in mesquite that take dog i have stay at one of the other . there be no comparison the best western have super modern room a area close to the hotel for the dog to run in a field quiet room i didn t hear anything from outside while stay there . its within walk distance to a ... more
great location to stay before the las vegas spartan super . clean comfortable hotel with lovely pool area free parking and good continental breakfast . a good option in mesquite for anyone who doesn t want to stay in a smoky casino .
hard to say what i feel about this place . i come up and get a room with a balcony overlook the river which be pretty awesome . price be great too can t beat 20 buck . but the room be kind of weird . old and outdate i guess . tv old and skippy . can t imagine have to pay more than 20 dollar i m ... more
love to stay here really friendly staff . room be run of the mill but comfy . one of the cheeper hotel in laughlin . really like the food choice it be kind of central to other place on the river .
riverwalk and downstairs bar be super fun . good music and fun dancing . the hotel itself however be really really warm no ac in the hall and very run down . it seem everyone be have a good time since you could clearly hear everything . this would be a super fun place to stay and party if you re full of energy and ... more
i have always have a river view room . be tell by the gentleman check me in that wasn t true . he then say he would give me a river view room for an upgrade fee of 15.00 a day . tell him no . i be give a room near the parking lot no amenity at all . no frig first time that have ... more
first let me state this be a comped weekend stay . ok check in be fast and the woman be very informative on the free dining credit and october fest activity . the room be clean yet very sparse on furniture . the bed be comfortable with great pillow . the bathroom be basic but clean with ok water pressure . so it could stand ... more
room always clean hotel employee very friendly great guest service check in and on casino floor . we have casino 20 minute from our home but we would rather drive 3 hour as my husband and i enjoy the weekend better
this be the best hotel to stay when you be visit laughlin . their room be nice newly remodel their pool be nice for the little one . also it s get a great view of the river and the stage whenever festivity be go on . do yourself a favor and stay at the colorado belle
i didn t realize until after a week later after my stay that i leave over 100 worth of medical back therapy equipment . i didn t think to call but i have to admit i be disappointed that no one from the hotel bother to contact me with these item that be accidentally leave
great food have breakfast at the loading dock and dinner at the hickory pit . we even win 20000 credit play keno on the machine and also win big playing live keno . when get home we even put money back in your bank .
i love this hotel . i take a chance on it about two year ago and haven t stop come . the host be the best . i would recommend this hotel too every one . the restaurant have a good variety of fresh meat and seafood .
this hotel the colorado bell be so bad . it desperately need to be renovate and clean . i can not even begin to say how bad dirty old and smelly it be . we just stay there this last weekend . i feel like i have to hold my breath and do not want to touch any of the wall in the hallway walking ... more
i have have many business trip to the kankakee area lately and have use hilton garden inn several time . i have never be disappoint . staff be always pleasant and very helpful . i look forward to go back .
staff be great hotel be clean . pool be small breakfast be just ok . hot tub be awesome work out room be well equipped . have a great stay would definitely stay here again .
for the price and name i expect better . the mattress be old and hard as be the towel . the water pressure fluctuate and be poor . extra coffee be bring upon request but without cream and sugar . it be overprice for what you get . however the staff be good and kind .
we stay here for my boyfriend birthday . the staff be friendly and the stay be great . there be a two person tub in the bathroom and the room be a decent size.we have room service and the food be good . i will definitely go back .
go for a nature getaway . i be disabled and really love the spacious room that i could get my mobility scooter around in . the staff be very friendly and helpful . they even wash the blanket and cover for each new guest and i didn t hear any noise come from other room .
wonderful room . comfy bed . great shower . kind pleasent courteous desk staff . good value for the quality . a pleasure .
excellent in all area staff suite helpfulness extremely clean housekeep a real plus location beach view very close to shopping and restaurant . i could live here full time . celebrate wedding anniversary rose and champagne in the room upon arrival a very nice touch . i will surely be back .
overall the viceroy be a really nice hotel . when i first arrive i be disappointed that the hotel wasn t on the ocean instead it be one block back . however the staff make an initial impression when i enter . very professional courteous and attentive . the room itself be a little small but very nicely decorate and immaculate . to me the highlight ... more
upgrade to a beautiful suite wonderful staff and the best breakfast i ve have in year
if you want a relaxing vacation this be not for you . we come for a relaxing five day with our family for our anniversary . they didn t even congratulate us or do anything special for the room . staff be rude and unprofessional and this place lack big time on service . the pool be pretty but packed with drunk people and different ... more
after a week tour from san francisco drive then all the way down the coast this be the perfect resting place for our final week . the room be spacious a beautiful bathroom with full size toiletry i be delighted as my pet hate be have to ask for replacement when you be stay in the hotel for several night .... more
the service in this hotel be excellent . the room be lovely clean and spacious . the bathroom be fab have good lighting and lot of space . the lobby bar pool area be chic and make a great not too loud place to meet friend each night i be there . the staff be extremely friendly and helpful truly the best hotel i have stay at in a long time .
really enjoy our stay at this property the standard room be fairly decent sized and so be he bathroom . the lounge area be spectacular and vey lively at night . the biggest advantage of this hotel be the location . it s close to the 3rd street promenade and the pier the beach at santa monica .. will visit again
we decide to try viceroy santa monica after stay at viceroy abu dhabi and enjoy it so much . the hotel be set a street or two back from the beach which be fine but we have an ocean view room which make up for it . there may be some traffic noise if you re stay on the lower floor but we ... more
the hotel be alright . the service wasn t bad . the cast restaurant serve good food . kyle at the valet be horrible . i feel ignore by him as i stick my ticket out for literally 3 minute his eye be glue to his cellphone . never valet here .
hotel be well situation on the road into tupelo . it have plenty of parking and there be a couple of restaurant within walk distance which be good . staff be helpful . feel a little souless but it be good value for money and clean and tidy .
fine
we arrive early we be tell we could check in at 11 30 . we go do some run around come back . we be then tell we could not check in until 1 30 . once we finally check in we be tell we have to put down a 100 deposit . that be not say when we book the room . we be give a room with no view house when we specifically ask for one with a city view so we have to go back downstairs get a new room . there be no refridgerator no coffee pot no microwave . we will not be back there . we could have stay somewhere else that be on the strip for the same price and get more ammenitie .
good hotel great location but need a few improvement . no porter service despite a somewhat awkward parking luggage unloading situation that make check in out difficult for handicapped elderly . similarly no parking valet despite awkward parking situation . no dedicated concierge although desk staff be very knowledgeable and friendly . the include breakfast buffet be nice in appearance but very poor in quality .
we stay for our 25th wedding anniversary and the room be great . huge bed and very comfy . the room be clean and everyone be so nice . you get free drink and food at 5 30 which i think be great . it be a wonderful stay and we will definatly visit again .
the weather be amazing . the parking garage be challenge . all in all a great trip .
most friendly employee and always look happy which be hard to find now day . clean room great breakfast nice pool and have free cookie tea coffee hot chocolate in the lobby all the time which be pleasing to my kid be 3 minute from six flag
hotel be nice and king suite room be large however sofa sleeper mattress be beyond horrible . completely wear and not sleep able . very disappointed in that when travel with a child . he have to sleep on the sofa instead .
the entire excellent experience start with general manager lourde yanouri . we have 7 people in our group and stay 3 night and she immediately handle all of the reservation and make sure we have all of the confirmation by email . they be wait on us when we get there the clerk even know we be come . the room be ... more
the front desk staff be very pleasant and and helpful . we enjoy the hot breakfast internet work well and the room be clean but a little on the small size with the cramp sink area . it would be nice if maintenance adjust the door check as we grow quite annoyed with other guest that keep let their door slam .
not particularly clean . bathroom very small with small toilet . front desk clerk very polite . no elevator . breakfast be decent . no elevator . repair need .
while our overall 2 night stay be not unpleasant and the location be excellent if you wish to be in town there be a few thing that would have make our stay much more relaxing while we be there . our room be on the 3rd floor and there be no elevator which for us be not too big a deal ... more
this room should have be advertise for 19 . i can t believe i spend 80 on this place for starter the sheet look unclean and when we pull the blanket back the pillow beneath be cover in an assortment of straight and curly black hair . i m sure they haven t be launder for century . there be moth wing melt into the inside ... more
lobby be clean and fresh smelling as be elevator . room be mostly clean but not clean smelling . breakfast offer be coffee fruit or a quarter piece of muffin and you have to eat it in the tiny closet sized room that have a tv few table not allow to take the food to your room . the price for mid ... more
i be not impressed with this motel when i stay there the breakfast be very mediocre and the toilet didn t want to flush . but it be afterward that i be really appal by the poor customer service . i know it be my responsibility to keep track of my belonging but sometimes something get leave behind . i leave a pair ... more
this place need a serious reno to stay alive . i book with expedia specifically ask for 3 people in one room . the hotel still charge me 5 buck extra for that when we arrive . i think the admin cost of do that be more than what that 5 buck cover . not very smart . we arrive late around 3 30 am and ... more
the staff be very friendly and helpful . we enjoy the room layout because of the extra live space to hang out in . we also love the reese s cookie as an evening treat they be so yummy warm up .
need to be close to family at a reason price . hyatt be perfect for that . i wish the bathroom be a little bit bigger . and i wish the fridge be a little bit colder . other than those two thing my room be perfect . one elevator be out but it didn t make much difference . rode the elevator alone most of the time . didn t seem too crowded in there . there s always someone at the lobby desk with a smile . in the middle of the night you wouldn t expect that but all the staff i meet be super nice and accommodating . i d stay here again for sure .
arrival experience clean lobby . upon entry front desk personnel greet us and assist with check in . room general overall nice sized room and well lay out . but carpet wall and furniture wear and not very clean . photo be of room 403 . one photo be of a footprint on the wall near the bed . we notice many mark on the wall and ... more
the hotel be busy with a softball tournament but our room be quiet . breakfast be good .
awesome place to stay . on a quiet street seclude area lot of tree . room update new and very clean . staff be outstanding i personally deal with heather who make me feel like family . lobby be super nice with an open restaurant and booth with their own tv . lot of sofa to relax or watch tv . outdoor area courtyard to chill out ... more
one of my best marriott experience have be at this hotel . i love the way in which i be treat from the very beginning to the end . heather be the best front desk attendant . in a time in which superior customer service be lack in a number of industry heather exceed my expectation and should be reward for her 5 ... more
we have plan a mini vacation to aspen and book the room on spg.com as we be starwood owner . we request an early check in and arrive around 1 pm and get our room with no issue . due to the fact that we be starwood owner and that the hotel be not book solid they upgrade our room to a suite . the ... more
nothing particularly wrong with this hotel but nothing stand out as great . check in out be easy with friendly front desk staff . hotel be locate near the highway so get in and out be easy . lot of restaurant in the area . my room and the hotel in general seem to be show their age but everything be still comfortable and clean . i ... more
i choose this hotel which be one of the more expensive as i be travel alone and it advertise two restaurant and close proximity to shopping . not true restaurant be only open for breakfast and the food in the bar be woeful same food offer for room service . imagine process burger cheese on french onion soup and you get ... more
this baton rouge marriott be centrally locate to highway central business center restaurant and shopping . the hotel be clean and staff be polite and helpful . the hotel itself be extremely outdated and drab . in the hotel defense the advertise their upcoming renovation . try to avoid room face the highway if you be in need of a quite night sleep .
we have previously stay at the palm hotel with a beachfront room but they be close all summer for renovation so we go a couple of building down to seaside inn expect a smaller room but similar accommodation so much of this critique be compare seaside to the palm . we have a beachfront room and although the balcony be spacious ... more
i must not have read any of these negative review when i book this room over a month ago . none of them be exaggerate . we drive out here 4 day before check in to check it out . i ask to see a room but the desk person say no . i specifically request a room that allow us to at least ... more
average stay average hotel nothing much to say . most memorable part of stay be a maintenance man who be very friendly and go out of his way to be friendly and helpful . otherwise everyone else seem to just be do a job .
i be recently in denver for a business conference . our group have block a section of room for our stay . i be pleasantly surprise the staff be very friendly and welcoming . the room be clean and and well appoint refrigerator microwave couch etc . this be a great hotel for the price and i would come back again .
this place be awesome . from the moment you step in and you have fresh bake cookie and lemonade wait for you ... you know it s go to be a great stay . julian at the front desk be there with a smile ... to greet you and make sure you have everything you need . get up to my room 2nd floor be so convenient ... more
i have to recommend your housekeeping staff . the roof be fit for a king . i be employ in the housekeeping field so my standard in cleanliness and neatness go way beyond and my room be neat clean and very nice . i enjoy the breakfast the hotel offer in the morning . the staff come in the front door be very welcoming and pleasant . if i could i would stay at this hotel 3 4 day a month . i really do not want to leave . thank you for a great stay .
i rate low because of the fire alarm that come on at 4 19 in the morning we need that sleep because we be expect to perform well at our bowling tournament the next morning .. our sponsor be not happy with our performance .... we could not get to sleep after that but we do try then just when i start to fall asleep again the alarm come in again at 5 38 sometime around then ... so since i wasn t offer any compensation . not sure if we will return ... by the way your staff be really great ... the food be great should have open earlier since the alarm keep everyone up ...
room be very quiet clean and comfortable . i would definitely stay here again when in area . lot of place to eat within walk distance . it be right on the interstate but we couldn t hear it . we stay on the 3rd floor .
fabulous place to stay right on 11st route 66 2 block from the famous tallys cafe . easy to get to all of tulsa 66 s site from motel . very well keep property . this be a ma pa type mote . able to park adjacent to room .
pleasant restful night stay
nothing fancy just a quiet room and an bed for a quick trip to ohio .
the staff be very friendly and courteous . sleep be difficult due to nearby highway and hvac unit noise . tv and internet work well . the plaster work on the ceiling be unsightly and need repair . ceiling lamp have dead bug . breakfast be very good .
hotel be very close to the highway with noise and air condition not the greatest in the world .
well keep decent breakfast but only open till 9 a.m. . stay 3 day for a wedding bed be excellent room size be good . well stock and in very good shape . up to wyndam standards
well on a whole the room be clean and the bed be comfortable but the fit top sheet keep come off on both side of our bed . the tv be very good it have a frig and microwave which we always appreciate . the room be 122 and i could hear the traffic hubby sleep with ear plug i have to keep the fan on the air conditioner on to drown out the noise . wifi be great . breakfast we grab a couple banana coffee and leave as it be really sparse .
i be a hilton diamond member and this be one of the best hampton i have stay in for quite some time . the staff be wonderful and the hotel be very comfortable and not run down . the breakfast be plentiful and there be a good variety of item to choose from .
we be very impressed with the friendliness of the registration clerk at both check in and check out . hotel be very clean and have all the amenity with a very reasonable price . i would recommend this hotel to all .
from the moment we arrive we feel pamper and attend to . the convenience of the property and marche make our stay very comfortable . the linen be excellent and i love the size of the bathroom and its layout .
we stay here for the third time for our 5th anniversary . this hotel be definitely expensive for the area but well worth the price . it s the kind of place where you want to luxuriate in the hotel itself not just a bed for the night .
while bicycle across the us my wife and i stay at the inn at the 5th . the bike be welcome in our room which be not always the case at such upscale hotel . the staff be great the room be perfect and the location be excellent .
we stay for the prefontaine track classic . we enjoy our stay the service be excellent . can t wait for the next stay in eugene . butler pantry be great . enjoy the service bike that be available
if justin bieber and then bruce jenner stay here you know it have to be good . this boutique hotel near downtown may be small but it offer friendly attentive service wonderful facility delectable food from a nearby in my view 5 rate restaurant and a good location .
as be always the case my stay here be seamless comfortable and all service be graciously offer and handle with great care . when travel to eugene we can t imagine stay anywhere else and probably would cancel the trip if room weren t available at this hotel .
this motel be disgust visible dirt everything be fall apart mold . there be blood stain in the sheet and blanket so nasty u can t go barefoot worse of all no refund and the manger be lazy
stay for a week in november . the motel be basic but very clean . no flat screen tv but ton of channel . no breakfast but they do offer free apple and orange . very friendly management . i pay 79 a night for my week stay . will stay here again
we be plan a visit to the corn museum of glass so figure we would pay more for a better bed and get plenty of sleep for our day long adventure . be so dissapointe as the bed at this hampton be not premium bed at all . this be by far the worst night sleep we have on our recent 10 ... more
excellent friendly and accommodate staff . close to shopping and restaurant . great hot tub workout room and pool . breakfast be good . close to brewery and winery and attraction include watkins glenn raceway . we would definitely stay here again .
this be a clean hotel . the room be well keep and tidy . the staff be friendly and accommodate . the free breakfast have many option such as waffle egg sausage etc . the hotel be centrally locate near area restaurant and the local shopping mall . a great place to stay in the elmira horseheads area .
we be there for a golfing experience as there be many course in the area . the front desk team be very friendly the whole check in process take about 2 minute off to a very clean comfortable room . during the evening we use the hot tub to relax the area be clean and well maintain . my wife and i ... more
my husband and i choose this location for a mid winter get away and be pleasantly surprised at the comfort we receive at hampton by hilton . from the moment we walk into the door where digital check in mean we be in our room in record time until check out we feel we be home ... love the chocolate chip cookie ... more
we be drop off my daughter at uf it va very convenient just about a mile from her dorm we definitely will be stay there when visit her . it be very clean they have enough parking . and complimentary breakfast be always a plus
i stay at the home2 suite for the first time while in gainesville for a university of florida event . it be very convenient to the university . the room be very comfortable complete with a refrigerator dishwasher etc . the bed be very comfortable . all in all a great value .
we walk in at midnight with no reservation after a stressful day and be so happy to be receive by a very nice young woman who completely take care of us . the room be nice with a lot of space and everything look brand new . also the bed be crazy comfortable . i would def . stay here again .
the room be really comfortable and clean . this be huge for me as i be really picky about room and hotel . the experience from begin to end be seamless and i appreciate the hospitality give by the staff during my stay .
stay 1 night . room be very clean very quiet staff very friendly . a . location be good . feel safe . breakfast very good and efficient . pool and hot tub very nice often long drive . keep up the good work . will be back . view of goodyear factory after restoration be awesome . american historic building be so cool when refurbish and reutilize .
the hotel make a mistake when i call for a handicap room . the room we have to settle for have one king bed instead of two bed as request as this be the only handicap room available . the manager arrange to have a cot bring in which we agree to . however we decide not to stay the second night . i ... more
i be very satisfied with my stay nice property lovely staff well maintained and comfortable . the breakfast wasn t fantastic but definitely serviceable and the wifi be good and strong . would stay again for sure .
the staff be very friendly and the hotel be spotless nice morning breakfast
we stop here for two night on the way to niagara fall and while come back . nice hotel . clean comfortable big room with a very comfy bed and basic amenity . price be okay too . location be good too . overall we have a pleasant stay in this hotel .
we get a room here after arrive in the dell without a reservation . it be very very clean and reasonably price but the furnishing be outdate . that certainly doesn t matter as you be not in the dell to be in your room . it be just my husband and i and we didn t have time for the pool amenity so i ... more
unless you plan to bring dish and all cooking utensil with you don t plan on cook anything . they be the only extended stay hotel that i have stay in that doesn t provide any type of cookware or utensil of any kind . their excuse be for sanitary reason . i personally believe they be just try to get more money from people ... more
i have very low expectation about stay in a motel and be blow away by the hospitality and the cleanliness . what a great family place i will be go back next year . mary and rise be the sweetest host
mary and rise be so sweet the whole family have a fantastic visit . the kid say we could live here forever . stay here be like stay with your favorite out of town relative . it be clean homey and comfortable . our studio even have a blender we plan to come back for a longer visit next year .
the hotel be clean size of the room be good and the pool area be nice but the overall look of the place be cheesy the ac in the room be noisy and hard to control and there s no free internet worse than that they have a tiere internet pricing scheme that go up to 40 for 2 day
i do not want to write a review when we first stay as the owner tell us he have just lose his wife . we stay one night because of that .. however the room be very very shabby . the outside door offer little to no security ... perhaps a closet door . the room be dingy and small . the kitchen have a tiny fridge w half ... more
travel on a budget and this fit the bill perfectly . the dillon motel have a lot of character be in a marvelously central location and mr . james be a great host . we stay 4 night in one of the newer large room with 2 bed . have a mini fridge and a microwave . pool be closed but no complaint this be ... more
hotel be clean service be excellent pool be great 24 hour bed be comfy and breakfast be outstanding what else do you need when you be away from home bw for sure will definitely be back . we just love it
we have be stay at vrc the past 7 weekend by far the best bang for the buck you can get in vail . great staff great unit and the kid love all the activity . thank you so much vail racquet club
my girlfriend and i recently stay the night and it be rad . 19th century victorian style room be great . old style luxury for affordable rate . the saloon be the best to . every body be cool . i recommend this place to anyone stop over in silverton . stay there and have a drink in the saloon . i like stay in place like ... more
we stay here for our honeymoon five year ago . we enjoy our stay so we just stay again this past week . we be able to get the same room thank you paula with upgrade and new amenity . room be very clean quaint cozy and staff be very friendly and helpful . i highly recommend this hotel . we have already ... more
we stay at this hotel in august it be in the center of silverton and walk distance to everything you need . the hotel be historic and the room have be renovate but still keep the historic charm . the bedding be comfortable the bathroom be basic with basic towel etc . there isn t any air conditioning and if you get a room ... more
stay here on my way to canada from phoenix . check in be smooth and front desk staff be very friendly and helpful . they have some sort of free soup and salad bar at night and breakfast in the morning . room be very clean and modern at a good price . room have hbo package a fridge microwave and have usb charge ... more
i really enjoy my stay . the hotel be nice and clean well maintained and friendly staff . i really like the new look in the room and the breakfast be great many option . hotel be locate right off the freeway which be nice
absolutely wonderful place to stay . staff very nice . room great . supper and breakfast be very good . supper be a nice surprise since most place don t offer it . right off the interstate . recommend to all .
no matter the occasion this be the place to stay . the restaurant be great as be the spa . the pool and hot tub be clean and great view of the lake there be a wedding go on last time we be there . tall about a perfect location for a wedding
we have an outstanding time enjoy the beauty of this resort and all the activity . our room be furnish with interesting and new hampshire like setting . the staff be very accommodating and we enjoy the welcome wine reception .
we stay here for 3 night in the birch lodge at the far end of church landing . the accommodation be impeccable albeit a bit dark . the bed be likely the most comfortable ever and that say a lot since we have a wonderfully comfortable bed at home . check in be easy the lake beautiful and easy access to the restaurant ... more
we have book at this hotel 4 month in advance because tripadvisor say this be the 1 hotel in winnfield and honestly we do not even stay for 1 hour we go to our room call la jagu and move to that hotel please see my review of that hotel for information about it . when we arrive the lady at ... more
ote 3 star mean a slightly above average grade similar to a c in academic as most review note this be a very historic rustic building and thus should not be directly compare to other modern 4 diamond hotel with much newer building plumb furniture etc . that say once you get past the lobby of the benson the concern to keep ... more
most comfortable bed to sleep on and the bobby the breakfast waiter be fantastic great way to start the day . very easy check in room be also very clean housekeeping do a great job i wold recommend the benson to everyone
the good stuff the staff and the food . the benson have excellent staff and both their restaurant have good to great food . they serve good coffee . the coffee be available in the lobby by 5 30am . it s also fairly quiet for a downtown hotel . some of the trendier better furnished hotel downtown be very loud . the location . excellent location . the bad ... more
the history of president who have stay here go way back . the restaurant down stair be classic old school . mean classy nice great service . private event ask for the table in the wine room . also wonderful conference private space for any meal . i like this better than the place at street level . yes stay here yes eat down stair yes ... more
travel via portland we decide to stay at the benson as somewhere different from the usual run of chain hotel . we be enchant by the old world charm of this 100 year old restored hostelry and the delightful ambience of another era free from the rush and stress of the modern world . the hotel itself have be beautifully restore . it be ... more
beautiful old hotel centrally locate in downtown portland . update tastefully decorate room and fabulous bed . great service from top to bottom . be sure to stop by the bar for an amazing custom cocktail
this be actually my second time stay at the benson hotel and it be just as great as i remember it to be . this hotel be in a great location walk distance to many fantastic restaurant powell s bookstore pioneer square and the brewery district . the staff be great welcoming and friendly and always helpful with direction and restaurant recommendation .... more
i stay at this hotel during a business conference and my stay be amazing it be locate right in the center of shopping center restaurant and many other attraction . beautiful hotel beautiful city
we get some need clothe shopping do and then have dinner and drink at el gaucho . what a wonderful hotel and connect restaurant experience . i would recommend this to anyone who enjoy first class service and wonderful food .
be in portland for a few day for a business conference . the benson be warm and inviting . the wood decor in the lobby entice me to bring my laptop down and do some work from the lobby . feel very comfortable and the staff be always friendly offering to help
we do portland weekend several time a year and we ve have great experience in all the hotel that we ve stay in . a friend recommend the benson so we decide to give it a try . gorgeous lobby very friendly and efficient front desk staff good sized room junior king suite and a comfortable bed . the room be very beige which isn t a ... more
this hotel be in need of a massive update . the room be clean however quite dated they have flat screen hdtv with no hd channel the tub have numerous area that have be patch but they in reality need to be replace the toilet in our room have a permanent orange brown stain throughout the bowl and the grout in the ... more
from the moment we arrive at the benson the staff be helpful and accommodating . they have our suitcase inside before my husband have even pay for our taxi . from give us suggestion on transportation to dining they be always friendly and with great information . they be currently do renovation but know that we be go to be there for a ... more
the benson be beautiful with a classic grand lobby with elegant seat high ceiling a delightful place to pause . the dining room portion of the lobby be a very well appoint space with elegant banquette seating . it serve fine breakfast and a menu that work well through lunch and dinner at very reasonable price . the happy hour be a bargain .... more
the benson be a beautiful old hotel within walk distance to many thing downtown . the staff be very professional and welcoming . the room be nicely appoint and very clean however it be too warm and extremely noisy with the window open . ear plug be provide can t sleep with those so we didn t get much sleep . the bathroom be nicely update ... more
my wife and i stay here for the first three night of our honeymoon and have a great time . the hotel have a lot of character and history which we feel make the experience that much more unique . and the lobby bar be magical .
my husband and i stay at the benson for memorial weekend as our friend be get marry . we enjoy our stay thoroughly . the room be a bit small but otherwise great . very clean and super comfy tempurpedic bed . also centrally locate we could walk to everything
i get a super deal at this hotel some time ago and be blow away . the lobby be stunningly beautiful as lovely as any lobby i have visit at any hotel in the lower 48 . i food at its attach steakhouse el goucho be fantastic it be spendy but the quality provide justifie the price absolutely.our room be a bit ... more
this be a very beautiful hotel . the room be small but clean and quaint . the hotel be locate within walk distance from the saturday market and other downtown activity . we have desert in the hotel bar and it be delicious .
excellent staff easy to access of interstate big room separate sink tub area very comfortable bed convenient store nearby . we be travel with our dog as we re currently relocate and there be several convenient area to walk them .
a previous year we stay at an economy lodge and that be the worst mistake of our life . best western make up for that stay and more they be by far the best hotel in nephi utah . amazing staff clean atmosphere wonderful bed and continental breakfast can t ask for more .
friendly staff well keep establishment good service . very nice place to stay . close to gas station excellent restaurant . it be quiet and relaxing . would recommend it to anyone stay in the nephi area .
this hotel have one of the most exceptional staff i have encounter in a hotel . the front desk clerk be so attentive and welcome ask us about our day and make sure all of our need and question be meet . she be a gem . the hotel have a cocktail hour every evening with enough food during the week that you ... more
have travel more than 42 state and therefore ... many hotel over the year include even have a business class in bc s renowned empress hotel year back ... and i can attest to the fact that i never feel more cared about and never have receive such personable and excellent tlc anywhere ever they have a staff that be extraordinary in ... more
everything be good except for the occasional loud neighbor . the air conditioner have a hard time keep the room at a constant temperature . the bed be comfy for a non memory foam bed the shower pressure be good.thank you for your helpful feedback . we appreciate your business .
we stay here for one night at the end of may . it be a last minute find and we get a great room very clean stylish . amenity be great . free wifi . close to town . we would definitely return if we end up in ojai again .
we stay here one night on a groupon deal . the room be large and clean with a king size bed . if you have time warner cale with internet at home and have sign up with the service that log you into tw internet passport you will automatically get the internet on your register device . the hotel do also offer internet ... more
no elevator so if you don t mind lug your bag up a flight of stair . average breakfast . no plate for the waffle and i guess it never occur to anyone to run down to the nearest walgreen and pick up a package of plate for the guest . when we mention our military service our check in person upgrade us to a ... more
the decor of this hotel need to update as it be a little tired and outdated but we have a clean room and bathroom and a comfortable bed and in the end we don t ask for more than that . the location put us in close proximity to the area we want to visit .
so i stay here for one night in room 114 their only king 1 bedroom suit and it be ok but look like they just give it a quick once over after the last guest stay . didn t think much of it as i be plan on check out in the morning . i also notice a small stain on one of ... more
use this hotel for an overnight before a cruise . it be very welcome the shuttle to the hotel from fll be easy to contact and meet up with and a gas station next door be useful for grab a quick something . the nearby mcdonald s be a whole other story . nothing else nearby but for a stop over it work ... more
i take my son and daughter to miami sunny isle beach for the surfer healing event . this be our very first time in miami . be a single mom i couldn t afford the hotel on the beach and i want one with a great pool at a decent price . i be able to find this one at a great price and it appear to have a nice pool as well . this hotel be awesome friendly staff very clean room and the bed be very comfortable as well . i have to use room service once and they be prompt . free parking and wifi as well . the kid love it and say that it be really nice . we would stay again if we ever come back to the area .
free parking . that s the only positive experience here . any more than 1 night would have cancel find different hotel . hotel have a funky smell in lobby and room be musty smell too . good thing the air conditioner be good and loud it block the street noise . stay at few holiday inn express and they ve be decent . not so much here and they charge more room at the big h.i . overall impression ... not impressed .
we be just stay overnight en route to the bahamas . when we arrive at nearly 1 be we discover that our reservation do not exist our travel provider have instead book us into a hotel in baltimore in april . luckily for us night auditor dalia come to our rescue . she work non stop for an hour speak to the call centre ... more
we be not able to stay in the hotel for the two night and go in to cancel only to be tell we do not make rez with hotel as we think we do . we can not get credit for the one nite they tell us we could if we cancel in time . we be in dispute with these charge
come to visit miami with friend relatively last minute . fly in fll . very packed weekend w the ultra music fest spring break go on . stay in hollywood for a recent visit in 2015 comfort suit one exit back so i do not mind the commute to miami especially cause i have a rental car . this hotel be very convenient ... right ... more
not great
the only good thing about this hotel be the proximity to king dominion . i will be drive to the park next time . the hotel be right next to the highway which for me be a security concern . the staff be not overly friendly . the room be a bed and shower not overly nice or clean . if you be look for a place to sleep and shower only not your most comfortable stay or can not afford a nicer hotel this be the place for you . although the attach denny s be convenient it be dirty and we be serve cold food . hope this help make your decision .
both the pool and the tiki bar be not open during our stay which be a huge disappointment . the bathtub be not very clean either . location be very convenient as you can save parking fee by walk to king dominion .
i be please to see how close the hotel be to king dominion across the street and a denny s right next door . the good point end there however . upon enter the room we notice lot of white hair on the floor so we request that the floor be vacuum . i request a rollaway and we start to set it up after we come back from the amusement park . when i open it i find a blood stain on the mattress cover . the front desk be alarm by the finding but suggest we cover it with sheet really . i have them take it away so my little cousin end up sleep in the chair . much later that night the toilet be stop up but maintenance be to busy to fix it so a plunger be deliver for us to do it . the toilet keep run the entire night . the follow morning the toilet overflow so we weren t able to shower and we check out . each incident be report to the front desk and we receive a 20 discount which be unsatisfactory give all of the issue encounter . hotels.com help to resolve the issue . thank you hotels.com i would never stay at this location again . i would rather drive a few more mile to get the amusement park than have the convenience of be close yet sacrifice great service .
we ask for a handicap room . we get a room on the first floor . not very handicap accessible . no grab bar in the bathroom . not handicap accessible for wheelchair person . very little room . get the first floor . but other than that not very helpful . front desk do not seem to care either . i undertand you can not guarantee a room . but this be not a enjoyable experience . the restaurant be good and very accommodating .
love it here will go again
we decide to try the americana hotel for a night . plus clean room comfortable bed nice tv with lot of cable . breakfast free be pretty thin donut bagel oatmeal or cereal . the room be much cheaper than anything else available and there be lot of parking for free most hotel charge 28 night for parking so this be another big cost plus .... more
nice hotel but show some sign of wear such as carpet stain and nick on the desk . a significant upgrade would be cement to the parking area instead of step stone . pretty hard to pull a suitcase over step stone . the pool be clean and sparkling though we do not try it out . the location be back from the highway ... more
the room be not bad but the couch be so worn we practically sit on the floor . it be also pretty stain . the bedspread be also very worn and start to get hole in it . the bed be kinda hard . it do have 2 full bathroom and a full kitchen include dish washer i feel safe and the room be easy to find . map quest do put us at the back of the hotel though and it be kind of confusing to get up to the front office . overall it wasn t bad . it be clean . it just need a few furniture update .
first of all keep in mind that this be a budget hotel . the front desk be very nice and check in be an easy process . we have a nonsmoking room and i do not detect any linger smell from smoke . i will say that the room seem fairly clean but housekeep definitely do not pay attention to detail . we drop ... more
keep drive the other family that we be travel with book and pay for this room far in advance . we arrive without the other family and be give a room on the second level . when my husband and i exit the elevator with our luggage the entire length of the hall smell like a skunk have run down it . it ... more
this be a super place for our convention need . the room be clean efficient and allow for green saving 5.00 coupon per day when maid service for towel and sheet weren t launder we redeem the daily coupon at the xyz bar in the lobby . love the room layout which allow for a long bench between desk for our double bed ... more
we go there in march with our grandson primarily to visit the aquarium which be right across the street from the hotel . in fact the tiny balcony on our room directly face it much to the pleasure of our 8 year old . the front desk girl when we visit be extremely friendly . she in fact keep an eye on our ... more
very very good location . this hotel be literally across the street from the tennessee aquarium . we easily walk to dinner from the hotel then also walk later in the evening to the movie theater a block over . while we didn t shop it appear that there be shop nearby for those who want to . very nice accommodation . comfy bed hot shower ... more
the hampton inn exceed all our expectation . we be travel to visit family with our daughter and her family . travel with little one can be stressful but the staff here be very pleasant and accommodate to our need . i will definitely stay here for our next visit .
i be travel in february 2015 be tired and stop at this terrible place . the front desk lady be very kind and quite understanding when i request my money back . the room be full of roach e v e r y w h e r e left run keep drive .
very low rent establishment . old and run down ... but what do you want for 55 dollar we arrive sleep and depart . i do not see any bug . old funky bathroom . a cast if character from a fellini movie ..
the location of this property be great as it have a short walk to hollywood beach . we visit over easter break so we pay a mint at over 200 night . from the description of the place i be expect a little more of a condo type feel to the place . upon arrival nobody be available to check us in so they ... more
i would like to recognize johnny s patience professionalism hospitality and assistance through out my stay here at the hampton inn . give that i myself be in the hospitality industry i be not easy to please ... however johnny have be amazing thank you housekeep do an excellent job at this hotel . my guest room as well as bathroom be extremely clean ... more
arrive very late at night but staff be very helpful and friendly even at that time of the morning .. the entire stay be good .. the breakfast each morning be varied would have love to have have some bacon but the assortment be fine . the room be very nice and the service be over the top .. come in and find all our ... more
rent from sixt for lowest rate then taxi 5 min . ride to hotel . hotel shuttle be very on time for pick up delivery at terminal . meal at hilton short walk be good selection . pool be nice . breakfast be best i have encounter .
i have no complaint and would stay again . i have stay at several different hampton inns and this be as nice as any other i ve i stay . the staff be friendly the room be nice and clean and breakfast although the typical hampton fare be great .
this motel be close to the airport and only a short drive from a shopping mall and many fine restaurant . the staff be very pleasant and helpful . the whole facility be very well keep and have cold fruit flavor water available in the lobby be very refreshing in hot july . we would certainly stay here again .
very nice hotel with lot of character . would like frig and microwave in room . other than that the hotel be great .
this hotel supersede my expection . room be gorgeous and hotel staff be very friendly and accommodate great location that i could walk to everything
the staff could not have do more to make our stay in charleston so pleasant . can t wait to return and see the renovate lobby . perfect location for explore
we have an incredible time in charleston and the mills house be great .
pricey but that may have have more to do with the spilleto festival that be go on while we be there . excellent service and great location ... would definitely stay again if i return .
our room be really comfortable and cozy . the hotel be in the middle of the historic downtown close to the old slave mart museum waterfront park st . michael church etc . good restaurant in the hotel or across the street .
sehr schne hotel in romantischem sdstaatenflair . ausgezeichnete preis leistungsverhltnis . sehr zentrale lage . alles problemlo zu fuss erreichbar .
love the hotel . room adequate sized and clean and well appoint . staff courteous friendly and capable and public area beautiful .
we have a family reunion of 14 and everything work out superbly . the hotel be well locate very clean and the staff could not be more pleasant.we love it .
i ve stay in this hotel many time and it s always a good experience . the room have recently be renovate make this an even nicer place to stay . the location be great ... within walk distance to so much in charleston .
love the location be able to walk to everything in the historical area . hotel be very well maintain . staff be friendly . have some issue with valet but other than that love the hotel .
i be extremely happy with the location of the hotel it be locate in the heart of historic charleston with everything within walk distance . the hotel be clean staff be friendly and the decor be charming .
the stay be great only complaint not really be we be too close to king street where my wife spend a lot of money . location be very convenient to all the sight and restaurant we target . hotel staff be very helpful in explain the best way to arrange our trip to ft . sumter .
we have a great time in charleston . the location of the mills house be ideal . we park our car and walk to all the attraction for the next 3 day . we need the car once and it be bring to us in a timely manner . the staff be courteous and helpful . we be spoil by everyone . look forward to stay at the mills house again .
this hotel be in a terrific location . walk distance from all sight . the hotel staff be very accommodating . we arrive very early in the morning and they have a room for us . our flight out be late in the day so they hold our luggage and also call for our cab service to the airport which arrive right on schedule .
this hotel be a great pic . the staff be very friendly helpful and seem to love their job . even the maid have big smile on their face . the hotel itself be elegant and cozy with a great bar and restaurant nice outdoor courtyard great pool and outdoor patio area and small but nice room . comfortable bed . the bathroom could use more counter space and towel rack but be clean and updated . hotel location be great and be within walk distance to everything . the valet parking be expensive 29 a day which be a pet peeve of mine i think the parking should always be include . however the valet staff be also very friendly and helpful . i highly recommend this hotel .
the lobby be nice but the room be small and the bathroom be dirty . the room didn t have a small refrigerator which i be shocked to find . so much for my leftover . the woman when we check in and out be standoffish . good thing about the hotel the bed be comfortable and the location be nice . after arrive home i discover a charge on my card from the hotel . i didn t do anything to incur a charge so i call them to ask about it . the woman on the phone be unbelievably rude she transfer me to a voicemail where one of my option be to press zero for personal assistance which be why i call . i be reroute to the same woman who now seem incredibly frustrated by me and insist i leave a voicemail . she transfer me again . i just think she could have be more polite and accommodating . i do get the issue sort out but the attitude of the woman on my initial phone call leave a bad taste in my mouth . the location of this hotel be great but the hotel itself isn t nice enough for the rate and the staff could use a lesson in manner and service .
phantastic location in charleston historic district . the hotel come along with sothern comfort and a historic 18th century flair mix with modern amenity . shop and dining location be a few yard around the corner in king street and market street . charleston historic house start right across the street go south on meeting street . definitely a great destination to stay at for a charleston visit
me and my 13 yr . old daughter love the hotel . the staff be great and very freindly .... the be not totally book and they give us a cool room overlook the pool . they also allow us a later than usual checkout ... never know until you ask . we also enjoy the cute workout room and the excellent breakfast buffet.thanks mill house for make my daughter spring break a success
das mill s house hotel ist fr mich ein typische durchschnittliches stadthotel . das zimmer war eher klein aber mit guten betten . die einrichtung war hbsch ausreichend und sauber . da das zimmer zum innenhof lag war es sehr ruhig der pool war geschlossen obwohl es zum baden noch warm genug gewesen wre.das restaurant hatte die grsse einer bahnhofshalle und hat uns nicht zum bleiben verfhrt . gerade nebenan gab es ein wundervolles restaurant mit guter bedienung und gutem essen.die bar bzw . die lobby und auch der innenhof mit seinem brunnen sieht gemtlich und einladend aus.das hotel liegt ideal fr alle sehenswrdigkeiten in fussgnger nhe . empfehlenswert ist der gang ber die kingsstreet mit seinen vielfltigen lden und der besuch der villengegend i be french quarter . nicht besuchenswert ist der market eine reine touristenfalle.wer nur kurz in charleston verweilt kann diese hotel als ausgangsstation buchen ich kann es empfehlen.nebenbei savannah ist hnlich wie charleston aber lebendiger und vielfltiger . ich wrde vermutlich eher in savannah ein hotel suchen und lnger bleiben und charleston nur i be vorbeifahren besichtigen .
elevator break entire stay one hour ten minute wait for one hamburger in restaurant mgr in restaurant quite rude at time .
we book and pay in full a month in advance . we arrive late to be greet by front desk tell us we have no room available . it be common practice to overbook . we spend 2 of our 3 day move from hotel to hotel as a result . they do not even call us ahead of time to tell us to check in elsewhere . instead of a refund for the inconvienance the manager give us 2 free drink ticket and offer a free night stay later . horrible custom service and practice
just stay at the mills house with 3 girlfriend it be wonderful . it be a beautiful hotel and close to the historic district . didn t want to leave couldn t have be more perfect .
the mills house be centrally locate in the middle of everything we want to do during our stay . the staff member be the friendlist i have ever meet . the room be great . the only down side be the picture post be true to the appearance of the hotel but not the room . the room be a little more modern than picture this do not take away from our enjoyment though . we be on the 5th floor and have a great view . i would stay here again on another visit .
the mills house be in a great location in the heart of charleston s historic district . there be a parking garage next door w a walkway lead right to the mills house . once we park the car we have no need to move it everything be w i walk distance . there be several good restaurant also w i walk distance of the mill house.we be very pleased w the accessibility of hotels.com the easy and prompt confirmation and know there be someone at hand should we need them.thank you
our hotel room be very comfortably decorate and cozy with everything we need . the view be great and the bathroom well appoint . the hotel bar be very classically decorate and comfortable . w thoroughly enjoy our stay
my husband and i have be to charleston multiple time and stay at a lot of different place in the historic downtown . this be out favorite the staff be amazing the valet guy actually go to my vehicle to pump up my little girl floatie i have a tire air pump to plug into my car . then they deliver the floatie to the pool the hotel be also clean and so convenient to everything
everything be great location hotel lobby pool the only negative point be the awful coffee serve at breakfast . breakfast food in and off itself be fine . love be able to sit on the patio
the mills be locate with in walk distance of all of the historic district . my wife and i really enjoy be able to walk to our dinner date and see the site all around us . thank do much
we close on our house downtown and need a place to stay after the move . i really didn t have that much time at the hotel because i be in late and out early . my wife have more time and really enjoy it . i wish they serve coffee before 6 30
great loqcation price . the bed be a bit small we prefer queen bed instead of double
only stay one night but would have love to stay more . great location everything be within easy walking distance . beautiful hotel and wonderfully nice and helpful staff . no complaint .
nice room overlook the street and the river . wonderful breakfast as well .
we skiie at nearby cascade mountain and stay at this inn . the breakfast include waffle hard boil egg muffin bagel cereal apple and plenty of good coffee . the bed be fine with extra pillow the room have a flat screen tv and be quiet . the pool be medium size and the hot tub be fine . good hotel .
we love the hotel and the staff . the concierge be especially helpful . it be in the best location for sightseeing and restaurant . one criticism when i book with your service you tell me a carriage ride and walking tour be include . the hotel staff say they never have include those extra . hotels.com need to straighten that out .
we find the room very clean the hotel staff be friendly the breakfast in the restaurant be excellent . the hotel be in a great location and we be able to walk to many of the tourist attraction . the only thing i d do different next time be self park . we use the valet parking which be wonderful but we didn t need the car during our stay because everything be so close . we could have save some money by use the parking deck locate behind the hotel .
great location for city tour . comfortable room . love the courtyard for a nice drink after walk all day . good breakfast buffet .
my husband and i take my mother to charleston for three day over christmas . mills house be beautifully decorate perfectly locate and staff by the most helpful people we be able to walk everywhere and be just across queen from several fine restaurant . we will be back
compare to our stay in washington dc and savannah both of which be historic building the hotel do not meet our expectation . it be very expensive and although it be an historic hotel room be date and need an update .
we could not have have a better stay at the mills house hotel . every detail be manage well . because of our recent booking at other hotel in this chain we be automatically upgrade to their priority club . great amenity come with the upgrade which make our stay more enjoyable . the entire staff be friendly courteous and professional . the front desk and concierge make dinner suggestion and reservation for us both night with which we be very satisfied . we could not have stay in a better hotel . we will stay there again if we return .
have stay at quite a few of the hyatt house place brand hotel . each have a nice sized room divide up make it very convenient if sleep schedule be the same . nice tv everything be in the room as need . a great stay
when i make this reservation i ask for a low floor because my daughter have a lot of sezuire and we need to be able to get out quick if need be . the room be huge and very clean and the staff be very friendly . will definatly be back . thank you for acomidate us .
we be just there for one night en route from ohio to massachusetts but the hospitality of the staff after 14 hour on the road be much appreciate . the room be exceptionally clean i normally be skeeve out by even the moderately clean hotel and feel comfortable here and there s a full bar and multiple type of actually good food ... more
i have be come to this hotel for 5 year now . there be several other place in the area but i come here . the staff be the main reason i keep come back . lindsay sweeney in particular have be quite the hostess and expert on local food and fun . she have send me to several wonderful restaurant and help me ... more
the location be convenient the lobby be attractive and the room be pretty . there be a partial privacy wall between the sleep and living area . i don t care for have the sink outside the bathroom but that s a personal preference . the light over the sink be really strong which be hard on other in the room . the bed and the ... more
i book the hotel thru hotels.com . i ask for a room with a balcony but not on the ground floor . that do not happen . the manager call the room and say they would change us to a 2nd floor room the next day . i also note that we be in town for a funeral so we do not have time to change in and out of room . we be there for 2 night . on the next day our room be suppose to be clean there be a note leave from house keeping state that they do not change the bed because we leave luggage on the bed that be new for me . we have stay at residence inn and that be never an issue . the worse part be that the housekeeping staff leave the door to the room open . when we arrive back from the funeral late that evening the door be open . we didn t know if someone be in the room cleaning or if it be an intruder . my husband just push it open and there be no one there the door be just leave open . not very responsible on their part . i have some jewelry and a laptop in the room .
this be a really wonderful hotel we book two room for our stay . we be there at 3 p.m. and we be able to check into only one of them because the other wasn t finish be clean . they be go to call us when the other room be ready . we wait around for about an hour and we finally go back in and ask . we reserve a room with a balcony well they didn t have one . even after wait for an hour they didn t have a room for us . we stand up there wait for about 30 45 more minute and they decide to give us a room with a kitchen living room area and a fireplace in lieu of what we reserve . i have to say they be very accommodating and we appreciate the extra space . they be very nice and do all they could to make it right and we be very happy about our room when we finally get it now on to the free breakfast that be offer .... it be amazing biscuit white gravy oatmeal with all kind of topping to put in it bacon grit egg hash browns cereal toast bagel all type of cream cheese and butter and jelly coffee hot chocolate apple juice cranberry juice orange juice and milk ... there be sooooo much this place be really keep up and clean we will definitely be stay here again thank you for such an awesome trip
all be wonderful courteous staff good choice of breakfast item clean and quiet . be surprised that the room thermostat would not respond to my setting it be program to a pre set temp which be a little too warm for my liking .
the night front desk attendant debbie be rude and unprofessional . she make sarcastic remark such as i wish you could count in response to me ask for a certain number of towel . i await a call from the front desk manager gary gillette all day on 2 29 16 he didn t call i have to call the hotel . he didn t care much ... more
what i need for a work trip
this hotel be the best we have stay at in baton rouge large room very nice kitchen with granite and stainless appliance clean bathroom with plenty of towel and toiletry very comfortable bed with high quality bedding . the breakfast room be lovely with several choice for the hot breakfast and the lobby be beautiful and inviting fireplace comfortable leather furniture fresh flower arrangement . everything be nice include the landscaping . we be impressed .
great hotel . we will be spend new year eve there .
awesome hotel . breakfast unbeatable . i love the fact that they really honor the bw rewards program . excellent clean suite . enough parking available next to your room . tremendous restaurant to choose close to the hotel an enormous luxury mall and a beautiful movie theater .
normally very clean and comfy but this time room be musty and not as clean cob webs in bathroom . next time if this happen i will get another room but i have a migraine and do not want to mess with it i even have to go to the er but next time i will request a clean room
my mom and i be in town for a girl weekend . we check in before have dinner downtown and think the room be decent . it look like it have fairly have be remodel with fairly new paint and furnishing in the last couple of year . although the hallway and room itself have a linger cigarette smoke smell it s to be ... more
our first impression of the hotel be a little sad . the front entry be very plain and not well light . the lobby be clean and decorate nicely as be the room we stay in . it smell fresh and clean . the room need a light by the door . very dark in that corner of the room unless the bathroom light be ... more
sirea and sylvia be awesome both deserve a raise . both totally go out of their way to help me with anything i need . and make my stay enjoyable and not so lonely by strike up conversation with me . which mean a lot when you be away from home . the rest of the staff be wonderful as well . the room be clean and comfortable . will retun .
other than the leak in the lobby hallway it be great . breakfast be well do
this place be horrible they be be completely remodel so there hasn t be any general maintanance for awhile you can tell . also none of the staff we encounter should even be work in the hotel service industry no clue about their job . no pool only a couple floor even have rentable room poor selection for breakfast all starchy item not even any fruit and no internet in the so call business center they could at least have put a sign on the door . we be go to do our air check in one morning and couldn t if we have know the night before we could have plan something else . really awful . we have several other family member there as well . hotels.com shouldn t even have them on their list . the photo do not portray what it be now . bottom line do not stay here
it be a comfortable bed and room . tv station be slim . there be not hot water for the morning shower . the lobby and room be put together nicely .
we be book in room 314 . upon arrival the bathroom be flood and have a constant drip come from the center of the bathroom ceiling . speak with the manager about this situation and be treat like a second class citizen b c i be use point to pay for this room . the manager show no concern for our situation other than ... more
we stay for one night at this hotel during a trip to nashville during the rock and roll marathon and our experience be very enjoyable at a fraction of the cost compare to similar hotel in nashville . the room be very nice look new and modern and they be very clean . there be several dining and shipping option in very close proximity .... more
this will always be our travel destination to and from colorado . clean comfortable and reasonable rates.thank you for make the ellis day inn your choice overnight stay we appreciate your comment and look forward to your next stay . be sure to follow us on our facebook page day inn of ellis .
we be pass through . after search trip advisor review we choose this hotel because it be pet friendly and we have our tiny dog . the bed be comfy and room reasonably clean . do not eat breakfast . not much choice there.thank you for stay with us we appreciate your comment and look forward to your next stay . be sure to follow us on our facebook page day inn of ellis .
the dickinson hampton inn suites be the best hampton hotel i have stay in . i have be a hilton honor gold and diamond member since 2007 and this be the best stay i have ever have with the hilton property . this hotel deserve your business if you be travel to dickinson nd .
i have not stay here be a year but what a nice surprise everything be new all of the room have be remodel and be very comfortable . service be always good and friendly . food service and bar be nice and convenient .
the hotel be centrally locate to where i need to be . it be about 10 15 minute from the scranton wilkes barre airport . the hotel entrance be a bit hidden from the main road . you must make a sharp turn then go up an incline before you see the main building and parking lot . leave use caution as you must turn onto ... more
this place be amazing . beautiful room . clean and spacious . front desk be very friendly . will def try to come back in august for my birthday beautiful lobby and an outdoor seating area with a fire pit and a grill . minute from pnc field . head there later to watch a game . the pool area and fitness room and hot tub area ... more
speak with someone in the group reservation department about block room for a wedding be tell i d get a call back with answer to my question by the end of the day up until that point the person i speak with be great .. then that s where the greatness stop ... we re now 2 week later with no call back i ve ... more
the staff be very friendly and helpful . we arrive early and we re check in with zero issue . the room be bigger than expect and clean . they even shuttle my friend and i around the area . we couldn t ask for a better stay .
we rarely be able to park near our room and the one time we do another guest slam their car door into our motorcycle . there be no real enforcement of any of the rule or common courtesy . the pool be only open until 1000 each night even though it be in a resort town be most activity run well into the evening . we be only able to use the pool once our entire stay . we use the laundry our last day there before our trip home and some of our clothe be steal from the dryer . there be supposedly camera there but we be tell they could not access the video from them . out of the entire 5 night we be there the maid only service our room twice but they be sure to leave a tip card in the room . if the service be exemplary we would have tip them on our own . the balcony be cover with spider . we tell the front desk twice about it and their reply be to have the maid sweep it off . they then turn the light off for the rest of our stay . now we could not see the spider on the chair the railing and the doorway . needless to say no one use the balcony . refridgerator in the room be not turn on and when we do turn it on it be noisy and ineffective . the hotel itself look like it need update badly . the bed be lumpy and the pillow uncomfortable . the walkway around the hotel along the water be dirty and in poor repair as well .
this be by far the nicest property we have stay at within the gatlinburg pigeon forge area . the scenery be beautiful with the river flow all around the entire property . the atmosphere and ambiance be excellent . it be definitely within walk distance of all trollie just around the corner . i highly recommend this best western and we will stay here every ... more
this stay be one of the best stay i have ever have at a hotel . the scenery be very beautiful and sit on the balcony be very relaxing and enjoyable . my daughter love swimming in the pool however i feel the hot tub could have be a little bit cleaner .
we have a 1 night stay this weekend on honeymoon island with our 2 child . the hotel staff be super friendly the room be clean bed be super comfortable and the breakfast be great . we will come again . would love to come during spring break
once you get into gatlinburg you soon realize you will be walk everywhere so location be key . this hotel have the perfect location to everything huge plus . upon check in during our first stay the front desk staff be not bad not very welcoming though . upon stay 2 4 day later we be very appal by the front desk staff . the ... more
my wife and i stay feb 13 14 for our 31st wedding anniversary . have a very enjoyable stay . close to everything . room be very clean and the bed be comfortable . the staff be very friendly and helpful . if you be look for a good place to stay i highly recommend twin island .
stay in room 444 have a nice patio with grassy area right on the creek . very nice room and bed be so comfy great amenity and with in walk distance to everything . even have a river walk around whole hotel love it and will be back
it wasn t our first time at this motel . we like it because it be in a good centrally locate spot and be reasonably price . they have add a complimentary breakfast room since our last time there . the staff be nice . the facility for the most part be in good shape for its age . the only thing i didn t like be that the mattress be too soft for my back . when we return to gatlinburg again we will try to stay there again and hope for a new firmer mattress .
this hotel be wonderful . the view be amazing and everyone be so nice . we even have one of the maintenance man stop traffic to let us out of the parking lot gatlinburg traffic be not fun . this hotel be a great location to everything . the strip be within walk distance . we didn t have to drive in gatlinburg only to pigeon ... more
room be clean comfy relax on the balcony listen to the creek.everything be great have a great time.service be excellent . if i have more time we would of stay longer . come back in june . yeay
we have child and this hotel fit our need like a glove . the room be decent size with two queen bed on a we would night for 105 . the room have a share balcony overlook the creek . the hotel have a wonderful play park area for the kid to play . the breakfast food be awesome . the breakfast staff be the nicest ... more
a little pricey for very average accommodation . house clean out in front of our door very noisy there for hour . otherwise a decent place to stay . very tight parking . nice picnic table in back of motel .
visit this location during a vacation with my husband . we look on the internet and find this location . we be give a very nice room with handicapped capability as i need them . this location be next door to one of the best aquarium i ve ever visit we be there in the fall of the year and the changing of the ... more
i have be stay here for year and have stay in every section of the property . it be great for family and single . the room be clean comfortable and update . the river view and walkway be relax .
location be good but an extremely noisy place can not sleep if u be stay on the lower lever room the room on the upper lever all night with people footstep thud and u end up be awake so i just feel i waste spend 395 for 3 night with no peace
stay one night after visit smoky mountain natl park . the bathroom be very small with small vanity outside . there be refrig micro oven and one cup size coffee maker . biggest complain be there be no internet connection at all in our room . we try and try only have 1 bar and have no connection . be watch college basketball tv be all ... more
come up quickly upon the alternate entrance on the road from pigeon forge . it be an old but decent property . enjoy the stay and environ . we find the location perfect not in the middle of everything but right next to it . the price be right and the include breakfast be standard and fine . the desk be usually busy but helpful .... more
great location and wonderful service
somewhat update nice fireplace and clean . we book a king with a jacuzzi tub and river view . we get everything however there be no patio or balcony for us to sit on to see the river in fact there wasn t a door lead out to the river we could only see it from a window . someone turn off the fridge ... more
the location and view be very impressive with very large pool and playground . the stream flow around the facility be spectacular . the staff be very friendly . the room be very run down and gloomy . our sink stopper be broke which be take care of right away but carpet be very nasty . for what i pay i expect much more .
this be the place to stay if you need a room at the base of the mountain and want to spend a few day visit the mountain .the free breakfast may make you want to have a nap they have lot of good stuff to eat . its a good hotel and location for the price
for an older place it s very well maintain . the room be clean the bed be comfortable the staff friendly and the breakfast isn t too shabby either . the pool be invite all and all nice family motel
this hotel be locate within walk distance of downtown gatlinburg . the room be very nice for the price we pay . clean and i love the fact that there be a sink in the bathroom and one outside the bathroom it make get ready so much easier . i love the river walk around the hotel and how the river flow all ... more
i love the deck look over the pigeon river so relax can walk everywhere it be the best
the staff be friendly professional and helpful . the accommodation be clean and convenient to all the local attraction .
stay for conference at the jw marriott . it be a great location and easily within walk distance to my conference . it may have be closer than some of the room locate within jw . this hotel serve breakfast and have a better price on parking . overall a great stay and i would recommend and stay again .
we stay in room 426 . the check in be easy and fast . the entire staff be most friendly and helpful . the housekeeping be outstanding ... our room be beautifully maintain and quickly prepared . the staff in the breakfast room be really great ... feel like we be at home but better . the entire weekend of our stay be excellent ... could not have ask for better .
we have a wonderful time . we plan this stay as a christmas gift to our child 7 and 8 yr old tk watch their first colt game.i be so happy to not have to walk outside to get to the stadium s ok we didn t have to pack their winter coat all day . we have dinner right down stair at tgi fridays and walk to the mall the night before.parke be easy and worth the money to know that my car be ok until after the game . we will definitely be stay again for game and just family time .
when there be a colt game parking commitment to guest be abandon in favor of game day parking . the debacle cause us to miss a plan event . have to check out early because the valet could not promise to bring my car on time even though i give them an hour s notice . 25 daily parking fee should ensure better service .
we find indigo through search on trip advisor . we be look for a unique boutique type hotel with competitive rate . we love this hotel it be definitely competitively price and significantly cheaper than the big flag downtown . but the value be amazing big spacious room an enormous wonderful shower comfortable bed clean throughout warm and friendly staff great breakfast complimentary ... more
this place be most likely the best hotel i ve ever stay in . very clean room they smell good and feel like home . you don t feel like you re stay at a hotel at all . the staff be wonderful willing to help with anything they can to make your stay here awesome . the pool be crystal clear and the hot tub be at the perfect tempature . the pool be not to cold not to hot . the outside be beautiful . nice parking spot and beautiful flower . very very clean . i will always come back when i c ... view moreome to davenport.view less
it can be a little confusing to find in the dark without a gps and the parking be poorly sign behind the hotel not the place next to the hotel . at 6 45 be out take less than 10 min to drive to the terminal . the hotel be very comfortable and the staff all pleasant and helpful . they do have some ... more
my best friend her brother and i go to visit washington d.c on september 2015 and this be where we stay . the staff in this hotel be really friendly and helpful . the hotel be very beautiful and the room be big . it be very clean and we never have any problem . my best friend s brother and i go to the ... more
need a good sleep as we be pass through . comfort inn be great . quick friendly check in comy bed large clean room work ac and hot shower . breakfast be well stock . would stay here again
this hotel be in a good location near restaurant grocery and retail store . clean room with refrigerator microwave coffee maker safe work desk couch and table . a fair size dining area next to the lobby where complimentary breakfast be serve . the dining area be also available to meet family or network w business throughout the day after the breakfast meal .... more
we ve be cycle across the u.s . since mid june and have stay at many hotel along the way . it s sometimes difficult to get personal attention at a chain hotel but that s exactly what we find at this comfort inn . we be warmly welcome and offer cold water while we check in . our room be nice and cool and spotlessly clean . we ... more
i have stay a number of best western over the last 30 year in canada the usa and this one at wapakoneta ohio rate right up there with the best of them . be easily accessible off the interstate . very clean room and kitchen area . staff be very friendly professional .
this be an awesome hotel . breakfast pool and onsite laundry . the staff be amazingly friendly . sam s club be next door . the 20 interstate be right here . minute from downtown . the pecanline mall be literally on the other side of the freeway .
i continue to find hampton inn the best choice for a chain hotel in the moderate price range . this hotel be no exception to the standard i have come to expect immaculate bathroom comfortable bed and a hearty basic breakfast .
the room be very clean and the staff be helpful and super sweet . the manager see me struggle to fix my sandal and he come to my rescue with super glue and weight to keep my shoe clamp together . make me feel like cinderella thank for go above in beyond
this motel be clean breakfast be good check in be efficient . we do not experience any problem with our lodging here . parking be good . staff be pleasant . we will return to this motel again when in the area .
only one major complaint be that the outdoor pool be not work . we be tell it would be repair and clean by the next day of our stay but sadly do not . it be in the 90 s during our stay . staff be friendly and helpful . room be comfortable with white line and lot of pillow . note on the headboard stating ... more
nice hotel near airport . reasonable price for area . good breakfast . my first choice the next time i have to overnight for a flight .
overall hotel look nice on outside . bed be comfy room be pretty clean . room be a half do remodel . they paint and replace a lot but leave the dingy old door and bad tile . you could tell this be a remodel on a budget .
stay at a couple around the same area . this be the best .
i be extremely picky about cleanliness and bed and linen in hotel and i can say that this place have very high standard . the sheet on my bed must have be brand new . pillow be thick and fluffy . the towel in the bathroom be thick and soft . even the coffee maker and fridge in the kitchenette look straight out of ... more
a wonderful place to stay very convenient right in town very friendly staff with a lot of info for the area kitchennet be really nice comfortable bed and nice bathroom quiet and comfortable.a great price for a great stay
we have a very nice stay at comfort inn in fort morgan everything be great employee be pleasant and accommodate room be update pool spa temperature be perfect and the free breakfast offer hot choice .
i ve stay here a couple time and have be impress by the cleanliness of the hotel and the friendly staff . i ve stay in many comparable smaller town hotel and the fort morgan comfort inn beat them all hand down .
i arrive on a cold frosty night after a long flight and drive . front desk staff be courteous and make checkout a quick process . he even turn on the fireplace to help me thaw out while i check in . the room be excellent clean and nicely decorate and furnish in a contemporary design . thoroughly enjoy my stay at this hotel and ... more
we want to get away for a couple of day and hit the local casino that be within a 20 minute drive from this location . the hotel be in a fairly sketchy area just south of i 10 near vinton . there be a small video poker casino on the premise but it be not our cup of tea . the room be ... more
we arrive late and there be a foreign couple ahead of us whose pay reservation have be lose and there be no vacancy . the office be across the street . management do not seem on top of thing either that evening or in the morning . the rodeway inn be an old refurbished motel with a car park in the center . you ... more
a frequent stop for us . difficult to keep the temperature constant . older but wellmaintaine motel . bed be comfortable and clean . small room so stay with people you like . quiet even with a train run through town .
love this little town the hotel be very comfortable and quiet . older hotel but nicely refurbish with funky decor and good quality furniture and bedding . staff be very friendly efficient and helpful . room be a bit small so wouldn t recommend for more than two people to a room . we would definitely stay here again
the room be very nice and very clean . the girl at the desk be very pleasant and helpful with restaurant recommendation . the continental breakfast be simple but very nice . the hotel be very close and within walk distance to local restaurant . the two of us would stay there again
travel with 4 adult . arrive late at night and be a somewhat dubious about the hotel . do not look very inviting from the outside but since we have a reservation we be there to stay . after check in hotel desk be locate across the street we make our way to the room . what a great relief to be greet with ... more
the hotel be list as near bricktown . i guess that would depend on your definition of near . near to me would be near the pilot truckstop as it be next door . our room be clean but you could walk to the pool an see other room that be not . many have mattress prop up against the wall and almost all the second floor room have pillow stuff in the a c unit . you could see all this through the window of the parking lot because lot of the slide glass door curtain be open or miss piece . it honestly look like they be fix it one room at a time . i don t know how old the hotel be but it be far from be completely renovate . i think hotels.com should do more research on the hotel they show with a 4 star rating . the two star the hotel show be more accurate .
we arrive at the bricktown hotel but they have no record of our booking which be make through bookings.com . we decide to stay anyway and save 20 although the hotel be slightly out of town they have a free shuttle to downtown which we use in both direction . we find the staff to be helpful and charming . the room be ... more
our stay be ok if the bathroom sink have drain and they have mattress that didn t sink real bad the place would be great for the money .
stay away . book with hotwire as a 3 star hotel with a 95 approval rate . hotwire should be ashamed . i wouldn t even give it a 1 star . i feel dirty just think about this place . only stay for one short night and leave with the gift of bug bite all over my leg . website picture be quite deceive . the ... more
very disappointed ... this be a 3 star it be a 40 year old hotel they be try to bring up to date . i commend them for try to make improvement but the workmanship be very shoddy and unprofessional . the tile in the bathroom be only 1 2 grout . the shower faucet be hang by a screw come out of the wall . dry paint be all over the bathroom floor where they paint the wall after lay the tile without cover it or clean up after . ceiling texture be all over the light fixture and mirror . light in hallways be dark and scary .
overall it be okay . first it be in a sketchy neighborhood . the hotel be old but clean . the room itself be nice . comfortable king size bed with a fold out chair . they have a decent breakfast spread . i be disappointed to find that the boiler wasn t working after i book the room . no discount or compensation be offer .
take almost twenty minute to check in say it s a ramada have different brand everywhere carpet in hallway look like a murder scene . not happy at all . by the way i will take pic of bathtub check it out . 99.00 room . try to use the phone from the early 20 s but no dial tone .
we come here on our wedding night we figure we would save money on the hotel so we would have more for fun in the city . we didn t expect amazing but we do expect comfortable . when we walk in the building the man work the desk be to busy watch the game to really greet us . he check us in ... more
forget stay there . unless you want a trash out hotel room with clueless employee . room that we book be not available king so we end up have to take a double room . first room we be give have nothing but cement floor in it . clerk didn t know that entire floor be under construction . 2nd room door wouldn t work be tell ... more
i be a little worried when i see the outside of bricktown hotel and convention center however the inside have be beautifully redone and be absolutely wonderful we will definitely stay here again . we stay one night for the thunder vs. spurs game . bricktown hotel and convention center have free shuttle to the arena which be a plus as we have no clue upon book this hotel .
across from the bus station horrible part of town make my family foot very uncomfortable . hall be litter with trash carpet be old and stained . this be not bricktown i don t understand why they be able to use that name . not even close to bricktown pillow smell bed hard wall be dirty . one of the employee tell me they have ... more
we book this room through the internet . i have read that it have mixed review over the past several month . well let me just say that we be thrill with our room . it be amazing . our weekend start when we check in at the front desk . the staff be very helpful with direction and recomendation on shopping and great place ... more
the hotel be recently renovate and still have minor renovation go on . room be clean breakfast be tasty and the staff member be very friendly . use the shuttle service to downtown which be very convenient . will stay again
i have a change of plan in my day and go in to check in at 11 a.m. or a little after so i wouldn t have to at 2 a.m. . the front desk staff be very accommodating and allow me to with no hesitation . room be very clean .
have a great stay room be very nice though i be marriott platinum i receive a smaller queen room so i be a bit disappointed i do not get a automatic upgrade nonetheless the staff be very friendly and the bar upstairs be amazing
nice hotel but poorly run . during my stay i ask to extend one night my reservation it be okey d at the front desk to my surprise the next morning when i get check out . to my surprise the front desk be rude and blame the shift before about the mistake what do i care be always the hotel ... more
a hide jewel . extremely nice comfy friendly staff and very clean . not what you would expect when you walk inside . most definitely stay here again next time i be in okc . the rooftop bar be extremely fun great drink food and atmosphere . walk distance to great restaraunt and not far from brick town okc memorial .
the service be always awesome . when you walk in you be immediately greet by the person behind the counter the person who open the door for you . upstairs in the o bar they take great care of our party . i leave my phone and they immediately track me down . it be fortunate because i be in their free shuttle ... more
the property be better than state . i travel a bit lifetime marriott platinum and gem like this be a rare find . not only be the property exceptionally well design but the service add gravita to experience . i don t review many property but when i do its because they be exception . i sincerely appreciate the ownership and management for make my ... more
i rent a suite here for my daughter s 9th birthday party . we all have a fabulous time . the hotel staff especially seth and the late evening night clerk be extremely nice and accommodating . we swam play game and then watch a movie in the home theatre which be an awesome touch that the hotel offer for free . the room be nice ... more
we ve be to indy several time this year and have choose a different hotel each time . we re always look for a 1 or 2 bedroom suite and staybridge fit the bill for that . the room with two bed be quite tight though . no suitcase stand in the room . also the living room area could have use an extra chair . there ... more
very nice clean and great room . mary the social director extremely friendly pleasant and an asset to the hotel . some evening there be a social event 5 30 to 7 30 wine beer and snack with mary host .
friendly helpful staff when ask anything ease closeness to the airport be awesome didn t care for the bistro would of prefer a continental breakfast offer instead overall it be a very nice safe place to stay
i m work in kop for a while so i m stay 3 or 4 day a week . i have stay at the best western for the last two week . i can t find a single thing to complain about . the staff be outstanding . i stay on the 3rd floor the first week . i make a reservation for the follow week when i ... more
from the moment we enter this hotel we be warmly greet by andrew leinbach the front desk manager . this be the first time we have ever stay in this hotel and thank to this wonderful manager and of course the fine facility and service this will definitely not be our last . the manager make sure we get ... more
very pleasant stay the front desk bill be very helpful very good hospitality for all hotel staff too
i merely stop in at the best western last night to use the bathroom . i stop at the wawa across the street and they have no bathroom . when i pull in i notice the ground be very well keep . i myself work in the hotel business in delaware so i have a high attention to detail . the lobby be bright ... more
excellent staff cheery helpful courteous polite very professional . our desk clerk bill and the breakfast hostess nina be amazing they go out of their way to make us feel at home and welcome . we need a scale and since they didn t have one at the hotel bill go out and buy one that be very kind of him this ... more
i can not say enough good thing about the comfort level and cleanliness of this hotel . great breakfast item vast majority of goody . they even have fresh berry for your cereal topping . great coffee too . very comfortable bed and lot of plush pillow . clean workout room with good machine .
the bed be comfy staff be very friendly . the hotel appear to be fairly new so it s very clean well keep . it s right off a pretty busy street so there be quite a bit of road noise at night . ask for a room away from the road if you can .
during our stay at this establishment a lead assistant and a manger handle themselves extremely poorly . they be involve in a conflict which lead to very disappointed child and adult . the management need to be retrain in customer service and not yell and have attitude with guest . they truly do not know how to run a business and should be ... more
building be 4 story approximately 4 year old . the staff be very efficient and quite friendly just what you expect when in mississippi . good breakfast . the hotel be near the i 22 corridor and quite close to natchez trace parkway . room for my two separate visit be clean and spacious . definitely a choice in the future .
the new best western plus motel be my favorite modern decor ... very clean ... your normal free breakfast . they seem to be even better quality then some holiday inn express . highly recommend it be a real treat .
this be a great hotel good price very clean very nice stay . the room be nice the bed be soft . the kid enjoy swim in the pool . it be an overall great place to stay we d definitely stay there again and recommend it to anyone look for a nice clean place to stay that doesn t cost too much .
we here very happy with be stay all of the staff be very polite . the room be clean and comfortable . great bed the hotel be close to our event less than 2 mile . the parking be great . not to noise . i will stay there we and if i have business . thank
i have a fantastic stay and i would recommend this place to anyone that need some great rr . the staff be nice the breakfast be always hot my room be spacious with a king size bed and a couch pull out . the bathroom be a great space as well . although i do have to run the water my last night there ... more
hotel option in and near to leesburg be limit so we choose the hampton inn suites . the property be more of a motel with reasonable size room which be fairly drab with view over the car park and fair size bathroom . breakfast be a simple affair eat off paper plate with a limited choice . i have not stay at ... more
jack huff s have deliver again . we ve find this to be one of the best hotel we ve ever stay at . the room be bigger than the major chain friendly staff and clean . it s a little old school with reservation and room key but we will worth it .
the hotel be very clean . it be in a nice safe neighborhood . the staff be friendly and polite . the breakfast be better than most hotel . i break my leg on the ski slope and the assistant manager go out of his way to help me
i have stay here many time the last few month 2 night per week usually . i be refer to them by bill s towing after a deer incident shut me down . glad they do bob margaret vince and i wish i could remember the rest of the good folk name sorry be just the best feel like home and the folk ... more
since the renovation at old colonial motel this be the best motel on the beach . we bring our yellow lab every year to this pet friendly motel . the king size bed be so comfy i sleep like a baby . the staff from jamaica have the perfect attitude of maine the way life be mean to be . thank you all for ... more
never stay at a comfort inn but will definitely do that from now on the staff be welcome and accommodating room be clean and comfortable and the free morning breakfast have many choice and be delicious . it be a pleasant experience and will absolutely stay here when we pass through again .
this be the 2nd of many business trip to pb . great hotel in quite location . close to several good eat spot . nice clean room and bathroom be big . hot breakfast be great way to start the day . staff be always friendly even when outside smoking .
so i give this a bad review a couple of year ago but the recent review make me want to try it again . this be a very very basic motel but it do have microwave and fridge be clean and our room with a king bed be spacious for a motel and have a little table and two chair . there ... more
hotel be basic clean with comfortable . front desk clerk be helpful beyond my expectation . nearby advertise restaurant be close sunday evening when we arrive and when we leave monday be ... disappointing .
locate one block from the beach and haystack rock this be probably the best location for the price in cannon beach . we have a studio room on the ground floor . it be simply a room with a queen size bed a tv apartment size fridge free wifi and bath . the owner seem very paranoid about be rip off by guest .... more
we be pass through erie for one night on our family vacation . this hotel serve its purpose just fine . it be advertise as new though it look a little too worn to be new shade on the window be fray and out of its track i fix it myself stain and mold grout around the shower in our room ... more
very nice hotel . the lobby be very modern and the staff be accommodate . the pool room and back patio be very nice . would have like a hot tub but none be available . the breakfast be warm and have a good variety . i like have the access to the wifi and many place around the hotel to recharge my device .
this hotel be underwhelme . even though it be newer construction it have an old feel to it . they put me in the wrong room to begin with . i book a room with 2 queen bed and a pull out . that be not what i get . i have to wait for the room i book to be clean . when we do ... more
i be really disappointed that they didn t clean my room include make my bed and provide fresh towel one of the day . everything else be great . the bed be very comfortable and the room be very nice . need to improve the service a bit .
super close to thing but off a main road so it be not super busy or loud . close to the beach shopping center and everything else you could need the employee be helpful and cheerful . i couldn t ask for a better weekend trip . if you re stay for a long time the room be spacious and have full kitchen
this hilton garden inn be perfect . it be in a very strategic location in the city and adjacent to the train . the room be very clean and staff be friendly and helpful . i would definitely stay here again on next trip to buffalo .
sit outside your bind to see one or the other . as for front desk completely useless and be prepared to handler your own luggage and valet parking you pay . minimum wait for food 30 minute and forget about the shuttle . they may or may not take you . depend on their mood valet service be very disappointing four of us late ... more
thank to other ta reviews i be happy to stay at the hilton garden inn for 2 night . it be right downtown and step from everything . if you be drive you can park right in front check in and later move your car to the garage next door or even valet it . it didn t cost anything to park . the room ... more
great location in downtown ithaca . starbucks conveniently locate inside the building . front desk service be exceptional . both lady work when we check in be wonderful . room be clean and comfortable . i would highly recommend .
we pick our daughter up from a 6 week music camp in the catskill and decide to drive to ithaca syracuse niagra fall and toronto afterwards . we usually stay in a starwood hotel however there be none around so we choose the hilton garden inn in downtown ithaca because it be close to both cornell and ithaca college and easy ... more
i be there from 9 to 13 march and i find the hotel simply perfect . the room be spacious and comfortable . the housekeeper staff very kind ... everything be good at hilton garden hill . i hope to come back there
we have a very nice weekend getaway stay first time at this hotel and love it . staff be exceptionally upbeat and helpful . room be spacious with refrigerator microwave and brun coffee maker.there be a lot of nice extra like a free shuttle to cornell coffee and cookie in the lobby free garage park a great location a block from the ... more
this review be long overdue . in fact i feel that i owe it to the owner . to anyone consider the rose even if it make it harder for us to find a room in the future the catskill rise be a small hotel in mount tremper n.y . some 10 mile west of woodstock . it s in a quiet spot right ... more
stay for five night and eat in the resteraunt twice in september of 2015 . absolutely a fabulous stay . hospitility be top notch . feel very welcome . it be like stay at my best friend house . thank you peter and rise . howard
the google website description be very misleading . it be not a bb and the term in room continental breakfast be a joke . the website boast in room breakfast of scone and fresh fruit which really mean cold though good when microwave scone and two apple . with the owner live upstairs and a restaurant on site it would be very easy and convenient to ... more
room be dirty to the point of trash under bed and dirty sock behind dresser . mold in bathroom and kitchen area . at one point come back from visit family to discover the door to the room open when i know it be lock when i leave . needless to say will not stay here ever again ..
every time we have stay here it have be excellent . the bed be comfortable the room be all suite the shower have great water pressure and temperature . the breakfast complimentary be delicious and not just your standard muffin and cold cereal either egg sausage bacon waffle either with syrup or strawberry and cream yogurt cereal muffin bagels fruit . overall a fantastic ... more
the hampton inn in bow nh be a wonderful hotel . friendly and competent staff very clean room a very good free hot breakfast and the location be great easy access to i 93 and i 89 . this hotel be very clean and very modern . try to do business with front desk employee melissa thorpe . she be very helpful and have a great attitude
the staffing and room be great location of the hotel be perfect come up from southern ne go to northern nh . the stay be relax and an easy on and off the highway with plenty of restaurant and pub near by
great family find . staff be great pool keep kid busy . eat area be welcome . close to all camp in nh and they be very tolerant of kid behavior . right of highway 89 . nice drive into concord the state capital and good ice cream . and the candy shoppe
we stay at this inn for 2 day for a family wedding . the stay be very pleasant and the staff go out of their way to take care of this large party . we come from many state and i believe all be treat very well . would definitely return to this inn when back in this area .
my husband have an early flight out of minneapolis so we need something pet friendly since we be out of town . this hotel accommodate pet have a shuttle service start at 4 a.m. to the airport and super comfortable bed room be clean really big and have nice laminate hard floor which be nice with the pet . i always wonder ... more
the stay be okay the t.v . be not work right be not able to watch the football game a lot of work be do on the property should receive a free night it be my honey moon
the motel be be redone so it be a little messy . my room be all new and the mattress be wonderful i have a bad back and knee but after the second night i walk out carry my cane i need to know what kind of mattress you be use . if you weren t so far away i would just move ... more
we check into into a different nearby hotel for stay and fly only to find there be nowhere to park our car and they want us to leave the key so they could move our car the week we be go . we have do stay and fly at several hotel never do they move the car or want the key . i call ... more
my stay at the hotel be only one night but it be great . i so enjoy watch the plane take off .
room be very dirty pillow case stain bathroom nasty and outdated and we cancel and decide not to stay at all the first room we be give ... the key do not work and so the front desk reassign us another room .
the location be very convenient to univ of illinois . when we arrive three 20 something worker be behind the desk but their customer service orientation be fairly low . i need to ask question to get any information about the stay . the renovate portion of the main floor be gorgeous dining room common area but they don t appear to be use for ... more
stay in cabin 6 . it be awesome . everything about it be awesome . from the staff to other traveler stay there . breakfast be great only problem with it be i eat too much . room be very clean and fresh . i want to take the bed home with me it be so comfortable .
this best western i have stay at and i have be too many of them.again thank to the great front desk staff that help me . the pool be warm and very clean and they take great care of it . room be clean and very clean plus the maid do a great job clean it and they where there when we need ... more
staff be friendly hotel be clean and very comfortable . they offer breakfast and chocolate chip cookie what more do you need . this place have a fitness center and a pool . i stay here for business and i never choose another hotel . would highly recommend .
we have the best service from a best western i have ever have . all employee be so nice and helpful . we be even able to do laundry here . score us . we be travel the new england states and just need to do some laundry to continue with the trip . the price be reasonable for laundry and they have soap and ... more
only good thing be close location to downtown . manager write me back defend that the mattress will be replace over the next couple of year but no mention of why they use blood stain bed cover . otherwise i certainly win t be come back ...
older date cheap motel that be clean with one of the two best bed in a 2 week trip for this class of motel it be well worth a 5 star rating ... better than a lot of motel that cost twice a much or more . few defect in the tile work in the dated bathroom . will return here any ... more
i have stay at this hotel a few time before but this be my last time . check in take over an hour due to multiple problem customer before me and myself . i have a reservation for three night some customer before me do not and i wait for some time to be check in . once i be i be tell ... more
room be good size . breakfast be good . didn t appreciate the kid run in the hall all night . i have a sick child and have to call to complain . also have a strong smell in the hallway of weed . pool floor need to be redone . piece be float in the pool .
this my second stay here and it have be great consistent predictable quality . i highly recommend it . easy to find with a couple of good restaurant in the area then back on the road in the morning . a road warrior s dream
the staff need to be better to that stay there and need to go out of there way to help you and they do not . air filter be very dirty and bed be just ok pool be very cold and it be very hot out and they where clean it when we get there so we have to get in a ... more
the staff be delightful and most helpful with special mention of the front desk check in be a struggle for the staff quite a few people arrive at the same time . fortunately for us we be relate or attend the same event and be not frustrated or anxious but there be one person at the front desk . it be unfortunate ... more
this facility need to be renovate badly . its have a lot of problem with the room and management doesn t seem to do anything when tell .
we be look for a quick morning drive into atlanta and hope to not pay atlanta price . we be so impressed by this beautiful new best western with a generous sit area in an already spacious room front desk staff be exceptionally warm and welcoming . great value
we book our room through expedia and it list cribs as available . when we check in however we be tell they don t have cribs . super disappointing when travel with a 1 year old .
the breakfast be very good . the bed be quite hard . enjoy our stay though and would stay there again .
this seem like a great value when compare with other area hotel but it s worth the extra drive to spokane valley or coeur d alene . the room be large but very dark and old . it smell old and musty . there seem to be plenty for the kid to do though a swim pool arcade etc . the night staff be friendly but ... more
it be wonderful .
the room be clean and quiet carol at the desk be wonderful she be informative quick check in friendly the pool be great breakfast be really good
stay 3 night . hotel ruby of ponderay have a great appearance . there be many wide parking spot . it be nicely keep with a very open and modern looking lobby that include a common area tv and din facility . the staff be friendly and kind . breakfast though basic be good and satisfy with the bonus of a waffle maker which i always like . the room be very clean and the bed be soft and comfortable . temperature control work great . the room be not as spacious as other hotel room can be but there be also no waste space . wifi work very well and have several router depend on what section of the hotel you be in . the pool and sauna be nice too . and do i mention the price . best deal in town price wise . if i ever return to ponderay this hotel would be my first choice .
i be here for a few day and it be awesome . the room be really nice really clean they have really nice staff and the free breakfast be great i really enjoy it . i recommend to stay at this hotel .
we only stay one night but everything be great . the hotel employee be very helpful and friendly . the service be great . and the breakfast be always a plus especially when you have kid . you can sit down and enjoy yourself then go to destination .
this be our first stay at this hotel though we generally stay at a hampton inn when travel . this be by far the worst condition we ve ever find a hampton in . i believe a renovation and upgrade throughout the hotel would benefit this location greatly .
stay only one night as a walk in . beautiful clean room delicious breakfast super friendly staff . walk across the street to a grocery store and other shop . this property be a credit to the hampton brand . highly recommend .
wifi be totally non existent staff be neither friendly nor unfriendly .
centrally locate hotel on hilton head . this be a lovely safe facility for the single female traveler . if only they offer small bottle of wine in their snack purchase area other hampton inns have the license i would say this be perfection
we have a wonderful weekend at the blue sands motel not only do they welcome our two standard poodle with open arm but they be flexible with our late arrival and do everything possible to make our stay amazing . we love the room room 5 which be well appoint and quiet . the bed a california king be top notch . my wife say she ... more
we be drive through for one night at blue sands motel . greet so kindly we choose them for price we be surprised at how nice for the money . i love to be able to walk to the beach and it fit the bill . i like quiet check . i like a room that smell clean check . great bike path for ride ... more
my family of four plus our best behave child boston terrier stay here on 6 20 16 6 22 16 and love our stay . in fact this hotel be the highlight of a week long driving trip through nc . the employee be warm and friendly especially ms . kim . she be very sweet to my kid and answer all of our question . kim give great suggestion ... more
we need a hotel close to the buffalo airport as we have a flight book early morning the following day . we choose aloft buffalo airport on a whim as the photo and amenity seem intriguing . we be pleasantly surprised on our arrival . checkin go very smoothly . the lobby be very nicely decorate modern and clean . our room be no different .... more
i can only speak for the room i stay in which may not reflect all room . i stay in a two queen bed room . the shower look amazing but when i take a shower there be two major issue . first the water pressure or set on the shower head be less than ideal . the amount of water spray out be ... more
absolutely great service . only con be that the low emission paring be apparently for everyone and be not enforce at all own a tesla it be very frustrating how tahoe s and escalade could park there and i couldn t
i stay at this hotel frequently and always receive friendly service but this time my experience at the bar be exceptional . i arrive later than plan and come downstairs just before the bar close . lindsay allow me to place an order and provide friendly attentive service that make this stay a positive experience . room be clean and modern . i look ... more
no1 stay very comfortable . please change pillow make sleep very hard .
first time stay at a hampton inn . be extremely satisfied by the service and accommodation . impress by cleanliness and appearance of the lobby and room . great value . nice breakfast spread include
wonderful staff
we be in town for a wedding and this location be choose by the bride and groom for the people come in for the wedding . we have never be disappoint at hampton in the past and we be not disappoint this time . the only thing difficult with this hotel be get to it .
great spot to stay for 2 day conference . clean comfortable convenient .
one of the best hotel in indy . we have be use this hotel for 10 year . every time we be in indy . you will enjoy it . never have a bad time . the staff and food and building be clean sweet and good .
this hampton inn be locate within 5 minute of the freeway but have very little traffic noise . it be within walk distance to seven great restaurant and a chase bank . parking be free and the area be safe for walk in the evening . it have a fitness center a pool and free breakfast .
it s always tough read through review of hotel with praise and complaint combine especially when expectation can be as varied as the people who write them . so i will keep this as plain as possible . we have a good visit for two night at this hampton inn and would stay again . all promise be keep by the website and the ... more
nice place to stay i would recommend to anyone need overnight stay . the room be clean and spacious . the bed be amazing the staff here be very friendly and helpful very reasonably price and great location .
we check in at 10 pm and the ac on the room be break then we find out that no water at the hotel . they chenge the room for us but with out water untill 3 am . the pillow and matress be terrible .
room and hotel be better than expect and employee could have not be more friendly
pleasantly surprised . decently price clean and super friendly staff . the discovery of a pool right outside of our widow the next morning be an add benefit . we would definitely stay here again . the only drawback would be the weak wi fi . i mention it to the front desk on check out and they seem surprised even though many comment state the same thing .
hotel be date and need update . free continental breakfast be a disappointment . will not stay here again .
a lot of noise street noise very loud in the room . the bed be horrible . we only get a few hour sleep . the room be clean enough but not great . the staff be okay but the room be a disappointment .
we be here three night . there be some kid play with fire bomb the first coupe night and there be some smoker right above us that keep throw their butts over the railing and one night there be a car in the handicapped place right outside our door . the gardener keep try to keep the butts pick up and do a pretty good job of it
we be very disappointed in this hotel . the cable be out our entire stay the pool be not fill in july and the bar restaurant be closed . we wernt tell about any of this . be not worth the amount we pay . very disappointed
the hotel be fully functional . i like the fact there be no hallway as you enter the room from the outside . parking be plentiful . the pool wasn t fill and that be a bummer . the lady at the desk upon check in be pretty snippy . the gal work the desk the next morning be awesome . the restaurant bailey s be worth the stay alone . the food be amazing . the room wasn t perfect . but there be plenty of channel to watch and the soft water be nice . the bed be big and comfy . there be a couple part of the room that weren t the cleanest and the exhaust fan in the bathroom didn t work . all in all i stand behind this place be a good choice if you re look to stay in norfolk . don t give the hampton all your money . stay here instead .
we stay for one night . we go to the fox theatre . it be hide just a little bit near the metro so you must be aware and look for it . the employee be very nice and the breakfast buffet be very clean . the door in the bathroom in our room the paint be scrape off and the floor be not the ... more
our total experience be excellent . the staff be very friendly the bed be soft and cozy and the room be very clean and quiet . the best part of all be the fact we could check in and choose our room online with our iphone . physical check in take a mere few second .
i m a hilton gold member and be tell on check in i could have a bottle of water each day during a busy two week stay . keep in mind kingsland water have a significant sulfur taste so tap water be almost undrinkable . later when i request the water i be tell i have be promise something in error and would ... more
this be the worst hampton inn we have stay in so far this trip . drapes didn t close so i have light in my eye all night . control panel on ac didn t work could only get cold or heat and that blow the flimsy curtain open . nightlight wasn t working . candy machine have melt candy . wifi be extremely complicated to get on and ... more
we stop at the hampton inn kingsland on our way home from naple fl the half way point . the hotel be very clean bed be extremely comfortable and breakfast be great the next morning before we hit the road on the final leg of our trip . the steakhouse across the street be perfect for dinner
we always stay at this hampton on our way down to florida . it be always clean and well maintain . the staff be always courteous and friendly . it be locate right off interstate 95 and very convenient . we make this stop 3 4 time a year . wouldn t stay anywhere else .
i have go every year since i be 3 year old and it be my favorite place on earth i love go to the beach kayak and play card with my friend and family the view be breathtake and i love every moment i spend there
this be a small very clean motel just what you need to stay for the night without the frill . steve be helpful and you can walk to store and restaurant . there be not many other traveler so can not comment on the noise as other review mention .
my second year stay here and another great stay look forward to next year nice accommodation in a beautiful little town with great food and amenity near by . you find a better host anywhere
chirsty s motel have be in old forge for year . steve manage and own be keep the motel atmosphere very nice and quaint . the room be clean locate on rte 28 come in from thendara . the christy motel ground be keep clean and groom the pool be clean and very well maintain . steve take great pride to ensure the motel be ... more
we stay 2 night at this motel . it be a pretty basic room without a refrigerator or microwave . it be clean and owner be friendly . it appear that the bathroom have be recently update . it have a pool and grill area which family use quite often . rate be fairly reasonably for this time of year in the old forge area .
i can t say enough about this place they think of everything we even use the laundry 50c for wash 50c for dry since we be on a long trip from tulsa to sedona and back . this be just a stop on our way home and wish i be able to stay here the entire time the most comfortable bed and ... more
we stay in the home2suites hotel 2x now and find it to be well staff extremely clean great breakfast good location for our purpose and friendly staff . the maintenance man eduardo be very friendly and helpful .
highly recommend other to stay my accommodation be great it be recommend by a co worker and it be everything they say plus more . travel to and from the airport be easy and fast . i will tell other of my experience and recommend your facility to everyone in my company . the staff breakfast and room be more than i ... more
this be a new hotel right next door to the university of new mexico . very nice staff clean and bright with kitchenette . no restaurant or bar but shuttle will take you shop or out to eat . no safe in room which be important to me . lockbox available behind registration .
this be the motel that begin my boycott of all motel 6 s. two obviously drunk people ask me for a ride and i say no so they get belligerent . i make my way to the office to report them and they follow me . they wait for me for over half an hour outside the office yell profanity and threaten to ... more
on may26 2016 i pull into parking lot with a flat tire i rent a room for 2 day one day cost 46.11 the 2nd day was57.11 the manger call the police and have me remove for try too change my tire . i be a woman i have a caste on my right hand i couldn t change the tire on my ... more
very clean.great location and quiet.easy axcess to foid drink and dance.i would refer to family friend pet friendly in friendly town hwy 69 fastest route texas and all major cite . oklahom be beautil .
i have stay in this hotel many time due to work in okc . staff be very friendly and room be clean . i would recommend anybody that like to stay in a clean and reasonable price hotel . breakfast be good as well .
the heater be not on in the room and it be 24 degree outside there be huge spider webs . could not connect to the internet and if i have be able to i would have know my flight be cancel ....
really appreciate the quality care and kindness of the day inn in oklahoma city moore . we be travel pretty late in the evening book the room on an app call hotel tonight but the hotel staff give us a better price and room upgrade than what be on the app . i would highly recommend this hotel it be very ... more
i will stay at this hotel every time i travel to oklahoma city . the staff be friendly and professional . the room be very nice and most important clean . the bed be make with wonderful soft sheet . i have nothing negative to say . this be my 2nd stay . 5 star stay without the 5 star price .
how great be it have 5 little girl to find a hotel that s affordable clean and fit us all legally best western rock . we love it and we re probably go to be use them exclusively . we be a travel family band and we find these 2 queen suite to be just wonderful . breakfast be better than average and the pool rock .... more
i be very pleased with my stay . my only compliant be that the waffle batter be extremely watery . other then that breakfast be really good . i also love how this hotel offer so many amenity . even though i do not get a chance to use the fitness room the business center pool and spa be all very nice . i love ... more
if i need help with anything they where rite there to help me and the pool be very nice room where up to date and breakfast be very good and i will be stay here again and i would tell my friend and family about this hotal as will
amazing and wonderful clean susan at the front desk go above and beyond to give us great accommodation on very short notice we will be back i highly recommend this be an update hotel that give a very good first impression when you walk in the door . the room don t disappoint . very affordable too
very nice hotel clean and cozy bed be very comfortable we in joy to stay this place thank you
the staff be very personable and helpful . the room be very comfortable . i m not a big breakfast person but like that there be a variety of item to select from . there s a grocery store close and you don t have to get on a main roadway to grab item for your frig . will definitely stay at this hotel again
best hotel breakfast i have ever encounter .
hotel be very clean . wonderful accommodations.the staff be very friendly and helpful . they make sure everything be in order . we be in the city for a funeral and the staff and hotel make thing easier for us . i would stay at this hotel again and again .
everyone be very friendly . the breakfast lady sunday morning be more interested in talk to people then keep bar fill and clean . she should be able to do both . i have a knee cart and she would see me try to get around chair and table and just continue to talk to someone and do not help . i have surgery on my foot and need a place with no stair for few day . the room be comfortable spacious and clean . i enjoy the front porch to sit . out during the day to get fresh air . overall the stay be great . would do it again just to get away for a couple day .
stay here as your last option oldest motel in ocean shore . not cheap either . my junior suite be 140 night . i think it use to be 2 or 3 different motel that they make into 1 resort . i stay in the 2 story building . i ve never stay here before so i think i would try it because they accept pet but i ... more
third time visit this hotel great stay will come again real close to riverbanks zoo
i almost always stay at best western property . i like support independent owner . this hotel be everything you could want in an overnight stay . clean comfortable and quiet . i would definitely recommend this hotel .
we be in town for the pearl jam show and use trip advisor to find this hotel . for the money be very nice . clean friendly service everything be easy . breakfast be solid good location and easy get in and out of downtown . would definitely stay there again .
i have stay at this location in the past and every time it get better . the staff be friendly and helpful . the be clean and comfortable . the layout of the room be very comfortable . the breakfast be hot and ready . the food be fresh . the location be well locate .
very good experience . easy on and off the interstate . comfy room quiet well appoint clean and i be picky . competent and welcome staff . i would come back to this hotel if i be in the area again . would also recommend it .
great hotel off the i 77 corridor for weary traveler . be offer holiday special cheaper than the aaa rate . wonderful desk person tatiana be super helpful . when we go to our room we find really plush surrounding and ultra modern suite with all amenity you would need include hair dryer shower gel and shampoo conditioner in little dispenser in the shower area .... more
this be a stop for us on our roadtrip to florida . have everything we need except they do not provide a crib even though it be request in my reservation
probably as perfect hotel as you be likely to find . latest update friendly staff . clean room and bathroom
the hotel be up to date and very clean . the room have flat screen television and new bed . the staff be very helpful and have many good recommendation for good food nearby . the breakfast be of good quality and have good selection . the manager reception on weeknight be also a plus
my stay at comfort suite be very relaxing . they have every amenity that you could think of . they have an excellent hot breakfast every morning a heated pool and a fitness room . i would recommend this hotel to anyone because they be very understanding of your want and need . they will try their best to get you what you need .
comfort suite be so accommodate to us during our visit . we make an error and do not book the last night of our stay . even tho they be fully book for saturday night the staff do everything they could to successfully find us a room . thank you again also bed and pillow be wonderful
give us the key to an ocupied room . wait 20 min or more to figure out the attendant have give the room we reserve away to a friend . in his word for free charge twice for our room . end up be place in a smoking room that be filthy . shredded blanket . loud wild crowd in parking lot and on ... more
this be the first two night stay of wifee and mine 17 day on the ground trip across georgia s n carolina . place be iffy to begin with . no friendly front desk welcome dent on the outer door with a miss security latch on the inside and hole punch in the bathroom wall didn t help . i place a straight ... more
the first room we be give have a smell like a wet dog blanket be dirty and room be not real clean . we be give a second room it also smell but as if someone have just clean this room . no coffee pot however there be coffee in the room the carpet have not be clean well as there be ... more
that be one of the worst hotel i have ever stay . well actually the second super 8 in a row that be so awful . everything be so dirty that we didn t even take our clothe off when we go to bed . the towel have stain all over the bathroom floor be cover in black hair the bathtub have soap scum ... more
i give this a this room be great for free wifi and sightseeing review because there wasn t an option for absolutely nothing . we do have wifi and we get to see a few drug deal in the parking lot so that could qualify as sightseeing . the room itself be acceptable the bed be clean however they should rethink their free pet policy as our room have tick and so we leave after be there two hour . the picture on hotels.com be not picture of this hotel . the staff be amazing ... refund our money very apologetic absolutely outstanding customer service .
my wife and i be celebrate our 23 year anniversary in the king jaquzi room this be the most reasonable price room but the last two visit the room need remodel . this last stay the drawer be fall out of the dresser a hole punch through the bathroom door didn t even raise an eyebrow from the staff .
we have to quickly find a hotel late at night after come to town for a family emergency . super 8 have room and so we go ahead and get a room there . the woman at the front desk give us our key and tell us the room number . the exterior of the hotel isn t the best but i wasn t too ... more
room have roach and the toilet be stain the cover wasn t clean . i leave out and come back a short time later and i never receive room service . i call down to the front desk and the front desk clerk state that no one be available to clean the room and that everyone have go for the day . wow i ... more
staff be friendly service be very good hotel very convenient to restaurant and other store great freeway access suite be very spacious only issue their equipment in breakfast be not work at time .
everyone be so nice and accommodate and they go out of their way to be sure everything be satisfactory . the location be great for attend the master golf tournament . we ve been stay there since it first open .
as previously mention in other review check in be across the street on the 2nd floor so i be prepared for that . get a basic 2 bedroom oceanfront on the 4th floor . room be nice . full size fridge stove microwave all the basic . kitchen have plate silverware cup other utensil and appliance everything you need . basic bathroom with a hair dryer .... more
it s all about the budget sleep shower and get out i don t have the heart to complain about all the amenity this place dose not have so i will say instead that this property have have yet another refurbishing and a very good one . i appreciate that .
my business partner stay there in moses lake great hotel fabulous view front desk girl denise be great treat us well . food be amazing . defenetly pass the word for this hotel.they be in the middle of a remodel which be wonderful to see the quality on their hotel
the staff be very cautious and helpful . i really like the fresh omelet egg option with the breakfast . the restraint be convenient and good with a great view of the lake . internet work with no issue and i can not say that in some of my stay .
very nice place to stay . friendly and very accommodating . newly renovate room be great and very clean . we stay here almost every weekend during hunt season always have geat service . the food in the restaurant be always good .
we arrive and the helpful staff get us an early check in which be much appreciate our room be a pet friendly room so hardwood floor which be a bit cold and didn t give a cozy feel i understand as it s practical for pet . the room be small and feel like it need update the outlet be faulty as plug ... more
when travel south for our annual snowbird trip the best western at moses lake washington have often be our first stop . this november 2015 the price be right with a quiet lake view a slide door for fresh air a very comfortable bed with quality bed a full hot breakfast in their large restaurant and an extremely friendly staff who ... more
nice restaurant on premise wonderful if you arrive late and tired and don t want to go out to find something to eat . varied menu surprisingly good food and table wine by the glass . breakfast which come with the room be also good . omelet station waffle and an assortment of other breakfast item include fruit yogurt cereal bread and sausage or ... more
hotel staff have be very accommodating and make my stay a wonderful one . they have go out of their way to ensure the smallest detail be take care of just to make my stay more comfortable . the paradise restaurant and lounge be second to none here in moses lake . everyone be so friendly and courteous especially lisbeth . i recommend go ... more
pick this hotel because it be advertise as the host hotel for a dog show obedience trial . since dog have to be take out regularly attendee of course want room on the ground floor . management assign a block of room where everyone have to go either up or down stair to get outside . keep in mind most of these people be ... more
it be an amazing experience . the hotel be well furnish it seem like they get it remodel recently . i stay there for 2 night and the room be really good the bed be very comfortable and the room be clean . if i ever get a chance again i would love to book that hotel again . i forget one thing the ... more
my stay at the best western be amazing . first of all the staff be very nice polite and very helpful especially ashleigh . they have an awesome breakfast with a nice view of the lake . their breakfast selection be by far the best selection for breakfast at any hotel i have stay at and i have stay at many hotel for ... more
we have a great time at sailor jack .. the staff be sooo friendly and the room be update .. they be right by the ocean .. it s a great place . my family love it . we be come back to sailor jack for family vacation every year .
at first i be not sure about book a room at this hotel . have stay there many year ago and it wasn t quite what i have expect but be very pleasantly surprised . the room be a bit dated mostly by the size of the bathroom but other than that it be great . the bed be comfortable and it have the ... more
my wife and i stay here on our first couple getaway when we be date . we be back for the holiday as a quiet getaway . well keep room great view good service and central to everything . not sure anyone could expect anything more.glad you make it back to stay with us mike thank you for your feedback and we be very pleased you enjoy your getaway with us .
upon check in the front desk couple be super friendly . i m guess they be the owner maybe the room be spotless . i be super happy to see that the window open so i could listen to the wave crash while i relax . i have a room with a queen bed it also have a table w chair a loveseat comfortable ... more
my brother and i stay here for an event in november and enjoy our stay . the room be comfortable and have everything one need . we feel ot be a great location for the price . nothing fancy but adequate .
wow be this my weekend to completely strike out on the higher end hotel scene . first the good . the staff of millennium be first rate . the property be well staffed well dress professional and courteous . and waaaay out of place . the millennium be a four star but the star scale appear to have increase to ten or twelve . i take ... more
my husband and i enjoy our stay here . it s better than the review depict . we really appreciate gary and all of his advice regard the hotel and the city just prepare to pay for parking . we weren t expect this .. roughly 27 per day
we stay here for the fly pig marathon weekend . the hotel location be great but the room have issue . the window leak terribly and we have a rain storm . the carpet be sop wet for two foot out from the window . the smoke detector be dangle off the wall by the wire . the staff be very friendly though . bright spot ... more
location be great . short walk to the ball park . lobby somewhat clean . folk be very friendly . i guess you get what you pay for . hotel be relatively inexpensive compare to the other hotel in the downtown area but this place need a serious upgrade . mold in the shower do not get it . easy fix but maybe not . no fridge and ... more
i would never stay at this hotel again . my room in the south tower 1927 be filthy dirty and it look like the carpet have not be clean in year . the lamp be break the wall by the ac look like it have severe water damage and probably mold . i wake up to cold shower every morning and the shower ... more
i spend 2 night in this hotel with friend for a bachelor party . it would have take very little for this hotel to meet our need and it still fall short . the room be old and in need of renovation no big deal on that one but when we arrive all the light didn t work . we quickly find they ... more
go to cincinnati for a weekend as we often do during the summer . our favorite hotel be book or have very high rate so we decide to try the mellennium which be very nearby . the hotel look very nice from the outside . we upgrade to deluxe room in order to get a king sized bed . the room be adequate . my ... more
the bed be horrible . the key only work once . i have to walk to the desk each time i leave the room to get my key scan to work again . this be aggravate . the internet be not secure so we do not use it .
the website for the hotel say you can be 18 to stay however when my friend and i arrive we be tell that since we be not 21 we could not stay and after 30 minute of speak with my mother and nearly work out a solution so my friend and i could stay we be eventually tell that unless ... more
we have a very good check in and the staff help in everyday i take a card so we could call next summer to stay . we enjoy our stay .
room be outdate a little but that s okay . a wall sconce didn t work no matter which switch we turn on . fridge wasn t cold upon arrival . nice big tv where the entire room could see we have a suite . creaky bathroom door ... and with a baby sleep that s not convenient . overall okay . good front desk customer service at check in . would ... more
i purchase my room a week in advance . have a low rate . i be really impressed for it be a lower rate hotel . my room be clean and cozy . look as though it be update . everything work great . the bed be very comfortable . the free breakfast be accommodate . the staff professional and nice . i would stay here again
i go with my extended family brother kid uncle and grand parent we take more than 9 room for a week . we have great vacation friendly staff great pool near the beach . room be clean . the wifi be not very perform that would be my only complain .
when i check i like that the room be clean however the bathroom be very small and its hard to close the door you have to stand between the toilet and tub to close the door and it have no vent except for a small window they do not have air coditioning and while in the pool there be no ... more
my review of this hotel be very bitter sweet ... first of all beautiful place for a beach wedding private beach access and hotel have beautiful ocean view . i stay there as a kid and be very excited to share this experience with my child and have full intention of return each year for our anniversary .. however the management be so ... more
incredible 2 1 2 star hotel . thing that s really standout in this hotel be cleanliness space and the slick modern look . this hotel can easily be a 3 1 2 to 4 star . if your staying near the domain feel completely comfortable to book this location . i hope this place can keep its high quality and prestige for year to come .
excellent property that be very clean . staff be extremely friendly .
first time stay in this brand new hotel and we love it free gourmet breakfast with lot of option include omelet and breakfast sandwich great gym with strength training cardio machine and lot of tv . and an attach laundromat coin operate . free parking nice outdoor pool cabana free internet of course and a great hip look lounge only issue be the gym s water ... more
with the exception of the shower this be a reasonably nice hotel in a nice part of town . however the water saver on the shower be to an extreme ... it be barely more than a trickle . shower take much longer . even just thoroughly wet my hair take a while . in the end it take what seem at least twice as ... more
room be spacious clean and staff be excellent . the one thing that stand out unfortunately be the coffee . i be a coffee drinker . i ve have too many brand to count . the coffee use at this hotel be absolutely the worst i have ever have . it have a terrible after taste something like 1 part coffee and 1 part dirt from the parking lot .... more
location be perfect . we have stay 5 to 6 time and always have a nice stay . room be always clean . it be quiet and clean hallway . the staff do a good job of keep the lobby and breakfast area very clean .
the check in area be really nice . the room be ok . water stain in ceiling . big refrigerator microwave small coffee maker . have to use iron board couldn t get it to close . banquet room where nice . there where at least 3 that i know of .
i have a very picky family when it come to hotel and this hotel deliver . friendly staff easy check in check out process and really comfy room . a recommend hotel for business or family traveler good location too
this hotel be absolutely wonderful . it have a special inner court to walk your pup . a very nice discount when someone in your family be in the local hospital . centrally locate for access to st . luke hospital downtown boise . it be quiet the staff be helpful and understanding to your coming and go at odd time day and night and ... more
we stay as a family here one night in the summer and a week in december . nice place . the breakfast area be always clean and the breakfast area manager be obviously well like by the repeat business customer as well as us .
i pay 46 dollar a night use a booking sight . yes the place be run down but it do look like they be do improvement and start with the room . my bathroom be completely new and clean and standard for a 2 star hotel .. the hallways do smell like a pool and mildew in the but the room smell clean and ... more
this will be a wonderful place when it get up an running correctly . the manager carman be very nice and dave be very helpful and get us situate . close to town no pool and because it be on a bluff it be extremely windy so we sleep with our slide in .
great clean place to stay . need to be near the airport . breakfast be over price . but i would still recommend this hotel . it be a little difficult to locate at night . could use a street light and hotel sign at the corner . almost run over curb .
during my recent stay at the hilton i be disappoint in the cleanliness of the room . however the staff make the correction and re clean the room . i have a great stay the food be great and the restaurant staff be wonderful . overall the stay be nice and the hotel be quiet .
i book a 7 night adventure for my family thru expedia but i have to change plan cause our date be conflict . i have cancel current reservation on march 21 . in the info for the booking it state no charge will be make if cancel before april 21 . i have be wait now 10 day and no refund for deposit ... more
the ground for the hotel be ok .... i feel they should advise you that part of the motel be across a 4 lane road ... and the room can be a lot cleaner than they be . there be what look like dog hair all along the window sill . the room we stay in 114 could be set up a lot differently the kitchen live ... more
everything be just lovely . the manager be friendly and helpful . the room be large and have everything we need . the pool be clean and nice and the beach access be great . i wish we could ve stay longer
we stay here for our son s college graduation . friendly helpful and accommodation staff comfy bed and pillow plenty of extra linen . breakfast be plentiful and a variety for all palette complimentary snack and drink always available .
staff be compassionate room be very clean . nice modern amenity . i will stay here every time i be in the area . easy check in and check out . plenty of parking . have a pool and nice fitness room but i do not use them
the hotel be very nice on the inside and outside . it s very up to date and the staff be amazing . it s not very far from all the major store and attraction on international dr . it s tuck away so it s very quiet . there be a walmart right across the street and a dollar tree and some other store really close by ... more
even though chris and sheri be out of town during our stay they make arrangement for my family and i. the lake be so peaceful the cabin be all locate off a small dead end of the lake so there be little boat traffic . the dock be appropriately maintain . we didn t rent a boat but there be a few ... more
the hotel be crazy outdate with comforter literally date back to the 1960 s and haven t be wash since . the first room that we check into have spot of blood on the shower curtain one wall and ceiling fan and a pubic hair perfectly place on the bathroom towel . i ask the man at the front desk to come with me ... more
the sweeper have not be run in our room when we get there . we have to turn ac down to 63 to get it cool in our room . and you have to duck to get under shower head . the mattress be awful . the sheet be clean.i m sorry your stay wasn t up to standard . i will work hard to resolve these issue . thank you for your honest feedback .
this be a newer hotel so the property shine . yet even newer hotel can lose their luster without great staff . the attitude by everyone in this property be excellent during my entire stay ... front desk staff breakfast staff and housekeeping . if you want to feel welcomed and value during a trip to columbus this property should be consider . their training and ... more
i stay at this hotel recently . a few thing to note . 1 . i get the hotel on priceline for 41 for the night . what a steal 2 . we arrive at the hotel and owner do not seem pleased that two man would be share one bed . his look of disgust on his face be clear . that make me feel very ... more
repeat customer plan our next visit . comfortable room great food and accommodate host . ken and lisa be always helpful in suggest additional explore option in the area such as a farmer s market or local artist .
enjoy our stay there . the staff be very friendly . love take our 2 dog with us when we travel
i never write these kind of thing but this time i think it be warrant . my family and i just finish a stay at the springhill suite by marriott on pensacola beach and it be great . honestly one of the reason it be so great be because of one of the bartender name crystal . she be so wonderful . very friendly ... more
this be probably the best hotel we ve stay at . very clean smell good and room be very spacious . even the bathroom be nice and big . this be the first hotel we ve stay where the bath tub drain properly we ask for extra towel and they be bring up within 2 minute all of the staff be extremely nice bed be ... more
a great location and comfortable stay . spend the night to do a campus tour of uwf . great breakfast with lot of option . close to lot of restaurant . walk to cheddar . use the microwave later in the evening .
everyone be so friendly the breakfast buffet be great not your average free breakfast will most defiantly be stay there when i return in june . there be nothing to complain about at all and i be pretty sure if you have a complaint it would be fix asap
dirty hotel room floor the room be inside the building with the window overlook the hall and the room across the hall how be this not a fire hazard . the breakfast be cold self serve a la carte in a dirty hall . parking structure overcrowded . awesome location .
short trip hotel tired staff indifferent
we spend one night at he drury plaza hotel and will definitely be return the next time we be in st . louis the room be spacious and comfortable the hot breakfast buffet be delicious and you even get a voucher for a free drink at happy hour . the hotel be also within walk distance of the arch and ballpark village .... more
the nicest hotel . it be very clean staff be friendly huge room and pet friendly free breakfast dinner and 3 free alcoholic beverage per night per adult . right beside the arch and convenient parking .
love all the stuff include free softdrink free snack bar in the evening free hot breakfast . great location for walk to busch stadium edward jones dome the arch . right on the trolley route if you don t want to walk . staff be super friendly and helpful . ask for a room with an exterior window and check in before try to enter the ... more
nice location about 3 block from busch stadium and 2 block from a entertainment center . parking be kitty corner to the hotel and be discount from normal parking for a game . i meet my brother there before the game . room be clean and have view of arch and the river . breakfast buffet that be include be above average . nice variety and ... more
one of the best hotel i ever stay at perfect in every way the location be perfect between the old courthouse and the arch plaza . 2 block from busch stadium . a free shuttle to busch brewery only 2 block away . the fitness center and pool be awesome there be 2 bike 3 treadmill 1 elliptical many weight weight machine ... more
stay here with a friend while in town for a football game . the staff be so nice funny and accommodate . the free breakfast be excellent the 5 30 happy hour be a bonus with its 3 free drink and the central location to the arch busch stadium and edward jones stadium be perfect for this price and compare to the ... more
we thoroughly enjoy our stay at the hotel it be a beautiful hotel without be too nice for our family with 4 small child . my husband and i love nice boutique hotel but with small kid that s not go to happen . this be a great hotel for a combination of beauty and practicality . also we have a great view of ... more
at one point i be a loyal repeat customer to this place . although most would complain about the tacky decor or the dirty burn mark sheet and blanket i be not one to make a big deal about it . but until yesterday after i have request no maid service for my room it be enter by the maid and my stuff ... more
i be unfortunate enough to stay here for 2 day and it be the worst hotel motel i ve ever stay at .... the room be very dirty a lot of thing be break bathroom shower be terrible but worst be the indian lady run the place .... she be the most rude and disrespectful person i ve ever meet a straight b .... check out be 1030 ... more
easy access location pretty easy from bwi and rental car facility too great shop very close excellent complimentary breakfast have great bed and pillow imho . great value for price in this area .
my family i stay the neptune hotel . the neptune hotel be a nice place to stay . it be a spacious room for all of us . and most importantly the hotel be right off the beach you get to wake up to the ocean yolanda help us check in she be very nice and helpful . i d stay there ... more
perfect view perfect staff i reserve a room for my family and i we have such a nice and relaxing time . the room be like an apartment it feel like home . the room be clean and smell clean . the pool be clean and the view from my room be amazing.i spend the day at the beach and late afternoon in ... more
we have reservation for a month . day we check in they tell us they forget to charge us the holiday rate . they say it be a mistake on their part that the girl be in a hurry to leave the night we make the reservation . we have an email confirmation show the amount it still didn t matter . suddenly instead of ... more
well for starter i enjoy the neptune the location be great and the employee be fabulous . cristine adrienne and yolanda go out of there way to assist you the best way the know possible . victor lana nikita and lashandra keep the place nice and clean . it s need a little upgrading but the love from the employee make all the negative about the place ... more
neptune hotel be in perfect location and the best view . you have access to a pool breakfast and computer for your need . the staff have an answer and solution for everything we need . we would like to visit again
we be recommend to this hotel by family member i do not ask to much question about the place and decide to make a reservation for a couple of day . i must say location be perfect be about a 10 minute walk from the margarita ville resort . you can walk to several restaurant in the area . the jewel of this ... more
when we walk into the office yolanda have a big smile on her face and welcome us into the hotel . we actually live in south florida but decide to get a room for a friend birthday and she have assure us that we will enjoy ourselves and if we have any question she be more than happy to answer them ... more
our stay be beyond my expectation and i call right before closing and christine book me right over the phone and even leave the key in our room to accommodate our stay . if your look for a spot to relax and have a great time this be the spot you want to stay in . the three people that be extremely ... more
i have stay at this establishment three time already and i love it . the front desk staff be fantastic especially yolanda . nikita the young lady who clean my room do great job . and victor the building maintenance person be also very helpful . the room be clean and spacious except the bathroom be a bit small .... i have an ocean view room ... more
location location location our entire family will definitely become back the location and staff make our trip perfect ... yolanda christina victor lana niki kita and flay . we be already plan our next trip for the winter . it s a perfect place when you have the entire family ours be 18 people multiple family with niece and nephew range from 21 2 ... more
we have a very good experience in this place . have a excellent service and good hygiene the staff be friendly and efficient working always in a good team yolanda mirna viktor . the magnify and comfortable room with a nice ocean view and breakfast include . we want to have more time to enjoy wonderful day at neptune hollywood beach hotel ... more
this hotel be perfect i jave com 2 time and be beautiful be right next to the beach it have a really nice pool and yolanda an employee from here be so nine and carring be all thank to her that we be have a great time
wonderful place right on the hollywood beach broadwalk spelling be correct . the place have some of the most friendly and helpful hotel staff i ve ever encounter especially the front desk manager yolanda . this apply as well to the operation manager galina and to the rest of the staff include elena flavia nikki nikita lana and victor . harold miller
as soon as i arrive yolanda take great care of me actually the best customer service iv ever have at any hotel . i will definitely be back just because of her the place be nice and in a great area i mean a pool free wifi great tv channel and free breakfast and bike to ride doesn t get much better .
right on the beach and close to the shop . not to far from all the bar and grill off the boardwalk . the guest service be great . yolanda the office person be very nice and sweet . will deff stay here again next year .
good basic accommodation to take a break while drive up the east coast from florida to ny . ask for and get a quiet double for a reasonable rate upon arrival . breakfast effort be better than the actual offering .
my wife i and a friend stop here on our way back from myrtle beach . make no mistake this be not a resort property . it be a simple but comfortable road stop hotel . check in be efficient . breakfast be what you should expect from a roadside hotel . good enough to fill your bellly . our room be clean . for a simple ... more
very outdated terrible water pressure not enough towel in the room for a couple and the ac be very old and loud . owner be nice but a 125 a night be way too much . if it be like 75 for the night the rating may have be better . the only reason i do not give this place one star be ... more
absolutely horrible i be look for an affordable place to stay for a weekend trip to watkins glen and decide to book this place . worst decision i ever make i arrive about 10 00pm have to ring a doorbell to be check in by a man who come out to the desk in his underwear . the room have a musty smell ... more
this hotel be fine as airport inn go but not great . the staff be very friendly and the shuttle driver be more accommodating than most would have be so i d give the staff all five star . the room be clean and comfortable i be able to keep it pretty cool in there which be always nice . however the plumbing ... more
very quiet and clean . staff be very accomodating . shuttle service to and from the airport .
i make this choice because it be close to the airport and we be not arrive until late . do not want to have to drive around try to find a hotel .
easy to park our car outside the hotel . the receptionist very warm and friendly . the foyer very clean and welcoming . the corridor to our room also clean and well decorate . our room be a good size for a family of three . sadly not as clean as the sign in the bathroom suggest the room be quite dark and as the ... more
great hotel tuck back of the main road . quite location though . but you still hear the airplane fly into memphis . staff be helpful and pleasant to deal with . room be clean and everything work as it should . reasonable rate for the area . i wish best western would improve their online registration process .
me and my wife stay at this hotel because she be a member and the staff be rude during the morning shift we ask to speak to the manager and he have not call us back or toilet stop work there be a spider in our bed the big problem be not be contact by the manager after serval attment ... more
very affordable for clean room good service and location . manager helpful with question about what to do in the area . rent a daily for just 35 great price for a family of 4 . their website nealscourt.com have information and picture .
first this be a discount hotel so don t expect the westin the room be newly remodel and clean . request a room on the other side of the building from the highway and you will sleep fine . the neighborhood be fine and there be nice restaurant close by . i think it be weird that i have to sign a paper state ... more
don t let advertise low price on the sign fool you like it do to me . you must stay 7 day to get that price . after that it s all downhill . room smell don t walk around in bare foot carpet hasn t be use in month . bathroom grease stain on floor and in tub . sink doesn t drain . this be not a family motel ... more
the place be a complete dump the room be super small and cramp . they don t care about their customer and house keeping could do a way better job on the cleanliness of the room . there s not enough parking and the chance of your vehicle get hit by another be highly possible . i do not recommend this hotel to anyone stay ... more
i stay here 3 4 time per year . consistent service cleanliness bed comfort etc . if you haven t stay in a microtel hotel it s nothing fancy but this location be well keep .
tim ken and the rest of the microtel staff go out of their way to make sure my girlfriend and i have a fantastic stay here they be wonderful people and they take great pride in run a top notch hotel establishment where every accommodation possible be make to make their guest feel at home . the room be very clean ... more
this hotel be comfortable and the staff be friendly . room be clean with matrix hair product . the breakfast be a bit disaapointe but the muffin be excellent . room 118 be right off the breakfast area and if you want something a bit quieter select another room . close to amenity
i have stay at this microtel over 20 time in the last four year . i always stay there when i travel to scranton and the surround area . i do so for many reason price the rate be low and be even better through aaa and similar group . the rate include a breakfast which be free and good though limit in ... more
microtel s business model be that the room be small but they be clean well appoint and there some nice courtesy in otis spunkmeyer cookie and 24 hour coffee tea.the staff be polite and responsive . i receive a callback about lose crocs within 48 hour .
very good for a 2 star hotel . room be very clean restroom very clean . everything be clean at the hotel . the front desk be always nice . the good thing about its location that it be 2 3 min drive from mall wallmart et . but the bad thing that its next to a highway and its hard to walk from there so ... more
check in with roomsaver book in hand . owner be there to greet us and show us room . quite comfortable good breakfast good restaurant for supper be recommend . would definitely stay next year on return from florida
this property be at the intersection of two main road almost on the city line . we get a room with two queen bed with fridge and microwave . nice clean room and helpful staff . hotel be close to lot of big box store . it s a bit more than i want to pay in scranton but worth it for peace of mind ... more
i can t find any fault with our stay . well maybe the entrance be not well identify and on two occasion the card key to the room fail .
this microtel be immaculately clean everything be sparkle and the service be topnotch and responsive . the bed be very comfortable and the bathroom be up to date and immaculate . there be even a mini laundromat with coin operate washing machine and dryer . every morning there be an elaborate breakfast with lot of choice of fresh tasty food .
it s a microtel and it s close to the freeway but it be very well run and the freeway give great access to pretty much anything in the scranton area the room be compact but not cramp and they be well decorated and our room have a cute window seat area . the manager be unbelievably helpful and go out of his ... more
this hotel be quaint well equip comfortable and make me feel like i be home . employee be friendly and efficient . the breakfast be outstanding well equip fitness center indoor pool and hot tub.dear guest thank you for take the time to review our property during your recent stay . we be glad you enjoy your accommodation our friendly staff fresh hot breakfast and all our amenity . we look forward to your next visit sincerely michael
the website be nothing like the actual hotel . air conditioning be break no business center thing in room be break no phone be room . its 11 45pm and they be now want to move me to another room . i m not pack my thing after drive 8 hour and move to another room . nasty hotel . beware very disappointing . i will never stay ... more
no a c in the lobby common area in june in texas .... elevator flooring be break peeling pop up and there be literally duct tape on wall hold part together .... room seem ok at first but curtain be not hang properly just dangle from rod i have a large beetle in my bed the chair in room be cover in red pen marker and seriously there ... more
every year myself and some friend go to the dell to hit up the bar . this hotel be right downtown so you be walk distance to all the bar . the owner be very nice . now the room be just pretty much two bed and a tv . there be nothing special in the room . they be clean and do not smell .... more
we stay with the hotel april 17 thru the 19 2015 and have a wonderful stay . the owner and the woman who help keep the room clean dorothy be truly accommodate . we have just book another stay from may 17 thru may 22 . clean whirlpool room with access to the internet and cable and a dvd cd player and shuttle bus to ... more
best service all round for the price you pay the room be clean and spacious . facility could be improve within apartment but nothing that be un comfortable . the receptionist be helpful and friendly . would recommend to anyone
too much construction all around jan . 2016 the street two hotel building behind and adjacent make it very noisy check this before booking ... room large good cleaning service helpful staff at front desk . street parking be difficult to find ... beware of towing .
very nice hotel that be close to everything we need . do not have to rent a car but still have a great time lot to do within walk distance or short bus ride . room be clean and well take care of during our visit .
the hotel be a bit shabby and need update . outdoor pool be decent but the pool furniture be fall apart and there be very little of it . on the side of the pool be a ton of trash garbage debris and an old mattress prop up behind the dumpster . they really should see these thing and clean it up . the room be like a small suite with a new flat screen . the couch however be filthy . the couch in the room that i see when door be open all need clean big time . bed be ok comfortable enough . i ask for an unstained comforter when i get there extra pillow and my request be pleasantly handle right away . i must say the staff be all very nice . maid forget to replenish the coffee in the room and i have to go for it 3 time . but they be always nice and bring anything we need . it would never be my first choice in beaufort but not my last either . they just need to pay attention to deeper cleaning and update . well intentione ok for a night or two .
the facility be not bad for the price the room be clean bed be good and everything work . the people that stay there however be unpleasant to be around.on day1my girlfriend could not walk out of her room without get harass by a gentleman with his pant on the ground so she have to be escort every time she leave the room . the same group partie till 5 a.m. and our room wreak of the weed smoke from the room next door . day 2 there be several ferral child run around some naked all unattende while parent chain smoke pall mall on the step . again the facility be nice it be clean and be not bad except for the other guest .
absolutely the worse motel hotel we have ever stay in . no elevator . steep unkept stairs . first impression upon enter be very poor . wall dirty light switch dirty dirty torn lampshade with mold in neighboring room . sheet appear clean . bathroom the worse . bathmat appear dirty when lift it be mold from the underside . floor wall corner ceiling all need clean and renew .... more
nice quiet comfortable room
room and bathroom smell like urine . breakfast area be dirty and food be handle with bare hand by attendant instead of use utensil . overall hotel be severely run down and in dire need of renovation and update . at least the sheet be clean and the staff be friendly .
stay here for one night . see suspicious people hang out in the parking lot by the pool area . we arrive late at night . they be dress with baggy clothe with pant hang down their bottom . a car pick them up then drop them off minute later . as i peak out the window i see that this go on all night .... more
front desk reception staff very welcoming . lobby comfortable and inviting . room be dark and damp . bathroom have mold in corner need a good scrubbing with bleach . laminate floor need clean it be scuff mark and have nail polish drop on it . breakfast bad dry out biscuit no jam or peanut butter for toast no yogurt .
for the location right outside of savannah the price can t be beat . the staff be very polite and accommodate the motel be always busy with traveler so you can assume it s a decent place to stay . the breakfast the following morning be better than most they actually have pretty decent food . i enjoy stay here and will come back
the front desk staff be very helpful call a cab and help with question . the shuttle to from the airport be good . the hotel be very cramp in all way include the room . have to pay for just about everything include printing and even coffee . wall be thin . location be pretty ugly look out on a yard full of park bus .... more
my boyfriend and i decide to take a last minute trip to virginia beach and spot the magnuson right when we get off the exit . we be exhaust and decide to stop by and check out the rate . omg we didn t expect such great service last minute the room be super clean and the staff be so accommodate we even have ... more
i stay at the mainstay suite for two night this week and be really pleased . the room have a little kitchen with just what you need for snack . full size fridge stovetop microwave toaster coffee maker and dish washer . free wifi with excellent speed and very comfortable bed . plus a sofa and two office type chair with a share ... more
expedia charge me for the room but hotel do not honor the reservation . hjotel send me to expedia and expedia to hotel terrible experience with expedia
the room have 2 double bed instead of 2 queen bed and there be no available cribs or cot for our room . the tv in our room do not work . other guest be quite loud into the night .
newly remodel very clean and wait staff be the best . i will diffently stay again . highly recommend . travel to big spring to visit family and attend the fantastic forth to see ronnie millsap great white and quit riot . great place great show .
i be pretty impressed with how clean the hotel be . it seem to have recently be remodel and it make my stay quite pleasant .
i don t normally write bad review unless i be extremely unhappy with the experience hence this rating . this be the worst hotel i ve ever stay in . the previous guest have leave the toilet clog and the hotel never bother to unclog and clean it . when we arrive at the room and notify the front desk the maintenance guy blame it ... more
decently clean room but beware if you have allergy . hotel should offer an alternative to goose down pillow . hypoallergenic pillow would have be nice instead of have to buy my own . also a c unit in room be quite loud .
power go out at only this property for several hour . staff be not equip to deal with it . breakfast in the morning the worst ever at a hampton inn . total cut corner property . will not stay again
we come for one night to go to a lion game the staff be great and very friendly the room be spacious renovate and amazing . nikita at the breakfast restaurant downstairs be perfect . we would come back again . if you be a non smoker be careful of you go to the casino most people smoke and the smoke be overwhelming .... but the ... more
this hotel be very nice i have read some of the review previously and be a bit leery to stay here boy be i wrong check in be a slow process there be a about four people ahead of us however the line move quickly . we ask for king upgrade if they have any and ... more
stay here in feb 2015 visit family so i get to see my own room and a number of cousin room too . the room be large sunny clean and lovely . my room have a huge soaking tub as well as the standard and very lovely shower . the room be mostly perfectly silent except one saturday night when the room right ... more
we have a smooth early check in and be give an upgraded room . the room be gorgeous and i enjoy the jacuzzi . the casino be a little smokey and the buffet be nice although i do find a piece of plastic in my green the manager do apologize for that . i would have rate higher but we be awaken by ... more
we enjoy this hotel because of the room service the lounge bar in the first floor and our favorite be the iridescence resturant in the top of the building . i be also a big fan of the . d. tour spa . i m not a big gambler and i think the casino be over crowd most of the time but i still like ... more
i like the big clean room . the deep tub be a plus . friendly staff check in be fast . the bed be comfortable . there be plenty of pillow and towel . the room be quiet even though there be people in the nearby room .
we have a great visit to motorcity casino and detroit in general . we be in town to see the tiger and white sox play and the hotel shuttle us all around detroit so that we didn t have to get in our car at all . they let us check in 3 hour early the staff be super friendly and accommodate and ... more
this place be the worst ever first of all we have to pay for our entire stay up front before we see the room . then when we get to the room it reek of cigarette and have cigarette burn on everything . there be roach come in under the door and smash bug on the wall there be no hot water ... more
this be the second time stay here with my wife . just like before it be a great time . the room have plenty of space the be clean and comfy and carry the victorian era theme in them . the whirpool bath tub be always a nice touch . the area where the toilet be very small i be 5 4 200lbs not ... more
we stay ten night at grandma s featherbe celebrate our ten year wedding anniversary in september . we be thrill with our experience . the moment we walk in the door we be greet by some of the friendliest staff . i could write a lot about our experience but to keep it on the short side i will just share a few of the ... more
one of the better hotel that i have stay at . friendly staff with excellent attitude and great customer service . very good breakfast lunch and dinner serve with a limited menu . locate near the airport with shuttle service ..
it s always nice ot have a great hotel to stay in when on business grandma s feather bed be the place to stay in juneau when you want a great place to lay your head the food be great too when you don t want to leave the hotel you can go right to the dining room or have it ... more
the location be great for shopping resturant . the breakfast be fantastic as well as the staff . the room accommodation cleanliness be top notch . i would highly recommend the hampton and i will stay there in my future oxford visit .
always enjoy stay at hampton . kind professional service . hot healthy breakfast and comfortable room . bed be very comfortable . cookie fruit coffee and tea snack in the evening . safe environment .
i be very satisfied with my stay here . clean room and great service . good internet access . i would recommend this hotel to everyone . and i would come back to this hotel again no doubt . i do not have any complaint .
what major chain have only one employee on staff at 3 00 on a friday afternoon while the gal at check in be very friendly she be clueless . we be line up five deep to check in . base on the conversation i hear a lady in front of me have cut her finger on the door come in . the reason i ... more
this be a nice looking property so we decide to stay here . the staff be friendly at check in . i get an aarp discount after ask for it . they be also pet friendly and allow our small dog to stay for only 15 . the room be comfortable and quiet . everything work and be clean . check out be pleasant . they give us coupon ... more
while travel with 3 small kid we book this room for a quick stopover on a drive from colorado to iowa . it be right off interstate 80 and could not be easier to find . all room be access from the outside something to keep in mind . everyte be clean and orderly and the bed and pillow be very comfortable .... more
a very good experience . we be most impressed by the wonderful breakfast buffet . we will definitely stay her the next time we be in ogallalla . all in all ... a delightful hotel . the staff be very accommodating and friendly .
we stop overnight after a looooong day on the road plus a violent storm be come . we call ahead about 30 minute out to book a room and when we get there the gentleman who check us in be all ready for us and what a nice guy we get our aarp discount and when we get to the room ... more
this be an old style motel with external door that have have the room redone . they be improve with the newer style bedding but the room we have be not well clean even find cracker along the baseboard of the wall . the walkway be mostly outside and the concrete be crack and in poor condition . the breakfast buffet be serve ... more
jenell and micheal and the overnight guy we re extremely welcoming and informative . the room be big and clean and we sleep well even though we get in late . breakfast be rather standard hotel breakfast but they have the coffee oatmeal and waffle need to get us on the road without be hungry .
easy check in with staff that be responsive with suggestion to my restaurant question make a great recommendation . i check in via the pre checkin option and be hane my key as soon as i give them my name . i request a good seafood restaurant recommendation nearby and they immediately recommend two with a personal preference for jax restaurant . it be ... more
hampton inns be my first choice wherever we go . i ve review other location very favorably but this be the first time i have a slightly negative experience . the wall be very thin . you can hear people above and below you and worst adjacent to you . we could not sleep all night because the room next to us join be so noisy .... more
the room be fine but be very small . you could not walk around the room with a suitcase on the floor . the bag have to be on the bed to walk around and on the floor to sleep . i think the room be approximately 14 x 14 with 2 bed . decorate and cleanliness be fine just small .
easy to get to . room be clean and the staff be friendly . about the only hiccup be a malfunctioning fire alarm that be silence after a few second and some inconsiderate guest slam their door . can t blame the inn for that . breakfast be provide in the morning and the area be keep well maintain by staff . room have a wall ... more
we love this hotel would recommend to any traveler come to area . the room be large and comfortable . the hotel be close to hiway . the staff treat you well . the pool be indoor and warm . breakfast be good .
travel 6 week post op from have ankle fusion ... totally non weight bear on affected foot for minimum of 10 week . therefore stick in a wheelchair . all handicap accessible hotel room be not the same 1 . i could open the front door from my wheelchair . it be not too heavy to handle 2 . the door stay open instead of attack me as ... more
the staff be very friendly and nice the bed be comfortable but there be ant on the wall in the bathroom we keep our suitcase zip to make sure we didn t take any with us fortunately the bed be clean and ant free . the room be clean they just have a problem with ant which should have be take care of . the front desk guy a very friendly young man do tell s when we leave that the be do complete renovation in the next few month so this problem may soon be solve .
the room look clean from first impression but there be flee everywhere . our room be suppose to be no let s allow . if no pet be allow there should not have be flee . we only stay one night but by the time we leave my husband and i both have flee bite all over our leg .
do not stay here . filthy . sleep in your car if you need an alternative . the board of health should close this hotel down . the manager be rude the room be filthy smell like smoke . would not even sleep under cover .
everything at this hotel be great we have a great time it be clean the people be nice everything be good so go back to maine i would definitely stay here and that would let everybody know to stay here
the bed be good in room 110 . the bathroom be massive without shelving and thus there be no place to set thing . outlet be in short supply . room be spacious and clean . overall for the price it be good . but seriously put some shelf in the bathroom for my wife . and have a wheat free breakfast option .
the pro ... cheap clean quiet the con ... we be suppose to be in adjoin room with the rest of our family for a graduation trip celebration . they give our room to someone else even though we have secure it online and be there at the dinner hour ..... the pool and hot tub be closed . we be look forward to use them ... more
we really enjoy our stay here . staff be friendly room be clean and the pool be a hit with my son the breakfast be hot and quick . love the keurig in the room we would definitely stay here again .
we just get back from a 4 day stay here . be from tucson the weather be just beautiful here right now . our 2 bedroom cabin be very clean definitely comfortable . it be stock with everything thing i wouldn t of thought of from every kitchen utensil you may want to use to an umbrella in the master bedroom closet if you ... more
this be our second time here . we love it the cabin be so nice . the staff be excellent . putt putt course be recently renovate . quiet area surround by ponderosa pines . there be a few pet friendly cabin . call ahead to check availability . those cabin look the same as the other . those cabin do have a cage on the side near the ... more
i have be all over the island and no one do a better mai tai . i stop at a exclusive resort restaurant that charge 16.00 for thier mai tai s and they be a little weak . they have great happy hour price and maintain a tasty mai tai with a punch .
for basic accommodation this place be perfect . right in the center of town welcome staff clean room couldn t ask for more . with a restaurant on premise it be perfect for breakfast and great for sunset in the afternoon .
this hotel combine historic character with great location in lahaina . the room be comfortable with outdoor balcony to enjoy as well with view of courtyard and harbor beyond . we have no trouble with noise though our room face the inside courtyard which probably help . overall a wonderful stay at a reasonable price include parking and wifi . note that there be ... more
our 1st time in maui be a welcome surprise . this be the start of our six week usa holiday . spend 4 night and it turn out to be the perfect start to our trip . highly recommend the best western pioneer inn in lahania . it be situate right on the harbour . can not stress enough that you should try to book a ... more
as a local i be loyal to your hotel . i love everything about it i recommend that my friend from the mainland stay with you . you be awesome mark be an amazing manager the front desk help me with professionalism and efficiency . donna blanco be fantastic burger be yummy ... the best bloody mary s on the island too thank you very ... more
we love stay at the pioneer inn best western maui . the location be great . in the heart of boat shopping and dining . we can walk to beach too . we stay with our two young kid . they love it too . the pool be a great to cool off in after a day at the beach . it be very quaint . we have ... more
we enjoy our stay . the staff be very friendly and accommodating . although the pool hour didn t accommodate our after 10 p.m. arrival the bartender still serve us the length of time we need to relax after our long journey . room be great although we wish for an exhaust fan in the bath . 3 people need shower in the morning necessitate this feature . overall we be pleased with our experience .
the hotel be nice . the hallway be nasty though . the floor look like they hadn t be vacuumed in month . the pool room be freeze . couldn t take our 18 month swim for very long . the hot tub stop work our second day there . be the same temperature as the pool . otherwise very nice spacious hotel . friendly staff . just a couple of thing to work on .
in town for a funeral . the hotel be okay . heat ac be noisy . wire across floor in common area a trip hazard . employee be pleasant . the room be a little suite but be oddly set up . some of the furniture be too big for the room almost totally block the small closet . but overall no major complaint .
i be there with a little worry . buy i enjoy so much . it have be remodel and find no problem . with new management and outstanding quality control i enjoy so much . free wifi and cable tv etc .... moderate rate perfect good experience ....
love this hotel so much we decide to stay an extra night . customer service be on point and the area be quiet regardless of how many family s be there .
3 star be a bit over what i would call this hotel . the room be old and the wall be thin . hopefully you can find a silent corner of the hotel because if you neighbor or anyone outside be talk in a regular voice it sound like they re in the room . parking and location be convenient . nice waterway next door to walk around . with the availability in the area i would look at other option
wake up with crazy bug bite .
the individual by the name of john who work the front desk be very rude on may 17 2016.i would never recommend or stay at this hotel . my sister end up just leave without stay after she pay her money . i be call the manager as soon as possible .
i go into the dark room and the light do nothing to brighten it up . also when i drive up i think the place be desert and shut down . i turn around and leave ... even though i be lose over 100 .
have a nice comfortable stay gorgeous hotel with nice room . nice pool and hot tub .
stay here june 2016 . staff be amazing . love this hotel . this be our 2nd time here . very clean hotel look fairly new too . our room have fridge microwave keurig too . great location walk distance to shop and restaurant . will definitely be back .
stay be perfect for a family reunion of sort . we utilize the spacious lobby and find the staff to be more than accommodate thank you to all
this hotel go above and beyond our expectation as far as accommodation and service . we have the extended stay suite for the bridal suite which be absolutely fantastic . all the girl be able to get ready together . the photographer come and take picture there . the breakfast each morning be very good . make your own waffle with all kind of goody ... more
the staff be friendly and accommodate without be ingratiate . the facility be clean and well maintain . the hotel be close to the highway and easy enough to find though just a bit tuck away . this make it a little unsettling to find the first time but it make it a quiet corner to get away .
i have stay at the loft on pearl for the past couple of year follow a bill game . the room lack nothing . they be perfect as well as the staff . they be so welcoming and take care of our need while we be visit . beautiful place
horrible experience at this hotel . water be leak under the sink bathroom door be kick in mold come out from behind the shower stall toilet wouldn t flush and curtain tear off of the curtain rod . coffee maker didn t work dirty hallway . wi fi be poor . i couldn t even believe it so i take many picture . do not stay here you ... more
rm 314 be great i choose this room because of the oversized clawfoot tub . it would be great for a longer stay since it s basically a one bedroom appartment with a full kitchen 4 seat dining table and separate living room . there be no view from this room but who care i have a romantic weekend plan and time out ... more
the armstrong be a hotel with a lot of character perfectly situate in ft . collin to allow easy access to the dining and shopping area of town . the room be nicely set up and each room have a different character and feel . we enjoy our stay here one tip the elevator be quirky to say the least ... to the point of ... more
we stay one night while on a road trip to chicago . if we ever pass through fort collin again we will definitely be stay at this hotel . it be conveniently locate restaurant and pretty stroll all around and if you request a quiet room you night not get a view but you will get a very good night s sleep . parking ... more
we check in and after try two room we immediately check right back out and sleep in the car . the bed have hair in them and makeup and dirt on the pillow case and sheet . the first room be a non smoking room that smell so badly of cigarette we couldn t stand it and it also have hair in the bed ... more
we have a very large room large table large tv with many channel but no hd fridge microwave good ac nice furniture and a small bathroom with limited counter space . staff be very friendly . the bed be comfy but the blanket stop a foot short of the pillow maid didn t pay attention to how she make the bed . the price ... more
the staff at this hotel be awesome always greet everyone with a smile and look to help if you need anything . the room be clean and comfortable . the breakfast bar be plentiful and even would make a waffle to order if you want . didn t need to because the egg be hot the sausage just right toast yogurt a banana ... breakfast do ... more
think this spot be great . clean room and bathroom with excellent shower . updated bathroom be very nice . front help be efficient and friendly . breakfast gal be hard work and helpful . my husband and i stay only one night as we be pass through but if i be stay longer this hotel would be the place to stay . clean convenient and ... more
we be through prosser in feb and decide to try barn motor inn an independent instead of the well know chain . mistake . the place be empty and i find out for good reason . light covering with no extra blanket on bed . no thermostat just a very loud heater cooler with high low type setting . no hair dryer be you kid me .. i ... more
i understand the whole middle of nowhere so we set our own price but holy cow this be ridiculous 100 for two double bed in a dingy room the only cool part be the restaurant which i be too afraid of the price to actually give it a shot . if you have money to blow for absolutely the bare minimum ... more
my suite be definitely ample for one person . it be well appoint and clean . while there be no air condition the fresh air let in by the easily open window prove quite refreshing not much need to worry about too much outside noise . i be travel with a group that stay five night at the hotel ... i manage to get ... more
the room be clean the breakfast adequate the staff accommodate and friendly especially the woman tend the breakfast . our room be on the second floor and i wish we d know there be no elevator .
we arrive very late but glad to find a clean comfortable room . pillow top on bed be an extra gift to my husband who have be drive for 3 day . building be a little tired but clean . if you need store or restaurant there be many good one nearby .
we stay one night here while pass through town . the room be comfy and the hot breakfast be better than expect . each member of the staff that we encounter be very friendly and helpful . when there be a discrepancy in the bill versus what i think i be quote on the phone the manager didn t hesitate to make it right .... more
room very nice everything look new nice big flat screen tv big nice tub look new owner super nice bed comfy just a happy camper all the way be able to get paperwork etc ... do on laptop due to great wifi service here everything very clean seem quiet here as well i m glad they be here for the ... more
friendly and helpful staff . gm be training and teach staff when i arrive . check in by samantha be quick and painless . the room be new and comfortable . wouldn t hesitate to stay here again . cheer
i believe in the say you get what you pay for . so when i come across this hotel be on a tight budget due to a unplanned 10 hr trip from tx i book it and hope for the best . it be about 30 cheaper then the hotel around it . although it have great review i be skeptical because of ... more
we choose this hotel because it accept our pet . we be on the second floor and there be no elevator but that be just a minor inconvenience . i see the first floor room with outside door that weren t to be use which be a little disconcerting . i do not feel unsafe in the area . the bed be comfortable and everything ... more
it s a shame that i didn t do more research as far as the definition of a hunter hotel . it kind of ruin my outlook on the town of benkleman ne . which have more good people than bad but do the loud drunk yelling scream so call hunter need to be locate at this hotel not worth the stay beware anyone want ... more
the kid love the water slide in the pool area . very clean . great guest service all staff be very friendly . the internet connection be not the greatest but since it do not cost anything it be not a big deal .
when we check in we be tell about reward point . when i review my wyndham reward member number it be zero . if possible we do stay at your facility mainly because of the location be very close to family .
i ve stay at this hotel several time and this be the best stay that we ve ever have here . it have be so clean up and be now very comfortable .
food be amazing . the staff will do everything to accommodate your party . love the quaint place . highly recommend .
recently spend 1 night base somewhat on other s review on trip advisor . hotel be clean staff friendly . free breakfast be a disappointing collection of frozen waffle prepackage muffin bulk cereal etc . no fruit yogurt or protein . while room may be no smoking sidewalk be fair game which defeat purpose of no smoking .
i travel from tn to fl about once every 2 week and usually stop around here for a break . i have stay in augusta on washington rd and jimme dyess parkway in several hotel around this price range . i have to say that this econolodge while older be in better condition than the rest . it s well run and the staff ... more
take a shower have to clean the drain my self as there be so much hair in it i would of thought i be get the tub ready for a bath bedding have a lot of cigarette burn in it as well
great hotel nice pool and hot tub . breakfast be great in the morning . the staff be helpful . the room be nice and big . the hotel be in a great location and be connect to a fun bar and grill . definitely will return for more family fun
staff be we will familiar with area and point of interest . me and my significant other travel often and be very picky with be we stay . we couldn t have pick a more comfortable place . breakfast have a nice spread and the staff make sure everything be just right .
the quality inn have friendly helpful staff that go out of their way to get you what you need . the breakfast be outstanding and with old chicago next door lunch and dinner be just as great highly recommend quality inn st . cloud
i travel here with my pup as a midway on my trip home to nc . the check in be simple and fast and he give me an extra discount because i have my aaa card and originally i didn t think they do that . the room be good no smell no stain just plain nice . i recommend for anyone travel and ... more
i have to stay for one night in milledgeville for business . my company participate in a corporate lodging program so my option in an area be predetermine and limited . this hotel be rank best of what be available without drive to macon . i consider the hotel and room serviceable . the room sheet and towel be clean . the air work the ... more
excellent stay the room be beautiful comfortable and clean . sheet be crisp and very white . food be superior to the usual hotel fare . plenty of seating and newspaper available to enjoy breakfast . staff be super friendly . whole experience be very pleasurable . will definitely stay here again .
hubby and i stay 2 night at this particular location.it be wonderful.we splurge and get a suite and it be so nice.full size couch and a chair with a couple of nice reading lamp and a tv that be better than the one we have at home in one room.the bedroom also have the same type of tv great reception and ... more
we come down from st . louis for a funeral and need a room . they only have a suite leave . it be nice and clean . we enjoy the snack then go to the pool . we be the only people in the pool . it be clean and warm . breakfast be good too . we will stay here again if we need a room .
very nice place to stay . clean ... safe ... wifi be fast ... staff very friendly . would stay again for sure
after 4 week of stay at this location my team and i have really enjoy the accommodation and the overall friendliness of the staff and their willingness to work with us when we have have to make unexpected modification to our plan . the bed be comfortable and we have really enjoy the workout area and the benefit of not have ... more
it s a newer hotel . not much to comment on . staff be especially friendly from the front desk to the food server . room be nice . quiet sleep and everything be pretty new of course . would stay here again for sure . right off i55 and easy access .
we have nice time in sikeston . we go while my granddaughter be on spring break . they offer breakfast and they have something for dinner too didn t go to that . our room be clean and quiet . i would stay again .
we be surprised to see that we be the guest of the day amber be so sweet at check in . our room be upgrade too a real nice two night stay . very clean . very friendly staff . i would stay here again
we just arrive at 11 30 pm and be wipe out as we re head to the airport early in the morning on a last minute and urgent trip out of town . my husband book the hotel by phone earlier in the evening and get an excellent rate thank to a veteran discount . we hadn t decide whether to park at the hotel ... more
i have stay at many marriott courtyard but this be my first stay at the property in gainesville . it s a very nice hotel very comfortable and extremely convenient to i 75 and the university of florida campus . unfortunately when i receive my american express bill i notice the hotel accidentally charge me for an extra night and a 1 2 night s rate ... more
my husband and i stay here for a fl spring dive weekend . hotel be nothing to write home about it s average . on a row of hotel right off the exit . we see a brand new look fairfield inn marriott property right down the same road that we wish we would have try instead . this hotel rate should easily be 99 night ... more
the cabin be lovely rustic building so clean you truly could eat off the floor . pat arps and wonderful owner friendly helpful and they have everything you would expect to find in traditional wisconsin lakeside cabin . plenty of boat to row around the lake in lot of yard game and indoor game plus fully equip kitchen ... more
the hotel be in a good location near oak mall . however the receptionist be not there when i come to check in . it take me more than a minute standing wait for her . she be there and probably hear me enter . the room be big and well equipped but there wasn t a shampoo and there be a weed smell around ... more
i have nothing but praise particularly for the night check in clerk . i believe alina be her name . she take great care of me even through a confusing situation of my own making . she be efficient kind professional and personable . the room be very basic not posh by any mean but it be clean and have everything i need include a great bed .... more
this be a low cost low amenity place in rougher area passable for a night or two . wi fi be ok in room but not secure . free breakfast be good with hot and cold choice . elevator 1 not work long term other be barely work and be vvvvvveeeeerrrrrrrryyyyyyyy ssssslllllooooowwwww . work one always go down to basement before come up to first floor to take guest up their room ssssslllllooooowwwwwlllllyyyyy . elevator need replacement in really bad shape . too small and button don t work . bldg exterior pool area need some investment . lobby breakfast area in ok shape . the hallways smell like smoke seem like a roadway motor lodge out of the 70 s. who smoke anymore the room be fairly beat up small bed small no frill bath no water pressure . do have med size fridge and microwave tho .
this hotel be in an area of richmond that be less than desirable . we book it because it wasn t far from richmond airport where we arrive late evening and didn t want to travel far our first night in virginia . wait at front desk for 15 minute before someone show up to check us in . the price be right and the ... more
my stay be great . the hotel be nice and in a very nice location near the richmond convention center and other important business . the room be very clean and the bed be very comfortable . everything i need be available the room even have a microwave and refrigerator . if by chance i may need to visit richmond va again i would like to return to this hotel for another stay .
the hotel be poorly maintain common area like elevator be unkept the breakfast be poor and in a bad location and there be an infestation of bedbug . the manager refuse to talk to us even after two call .
staff be pleasant . breakfast be a little better than average . they have waffle egg sausage fruit and the usual pastry . our room be old smell of cigarette smoke . water damage loose fixture in the bathroom . be suppose to stay 4 night but find better accommodation after 2 .
we stay at the comfort inn ballston at the end of march 2016 and we choose this particular hotel because it be within walk distance of the metro and have free parking . we stay for 2 night and would absolutely stay there again . our room and bathroom be very clean and comfortable . i really can not say much negative about our ... more
great place and very clean .
have a great time on a family trip . will definitely stay at this hotel again . convenient to dc and other virginia town .
we check in around 7 p.m. . get to room get bag unload and then that be when we see a roach . see one crawling on the floor and then my husband sit at desk to eat food and a baby one start crawl right in front of him on the desk . i would not stay here again . i don t do bug ... more
my wife and i stay one night for a business trip . the accommodation be what we would expect for a hampton inn but the staff go above and beyond our expectation . the room be very clean and comfortable . the breakfast be very good and the staff for breakfast be also very friendly . my wife have to work from the hotel ... more
our team have stay here several time for tourney in the area . always have positive experience here great service good breakfast every morning . i highly recommend this hotel great at accommodate large group .
i stay for a night while my apartment be be renovate but as thing take longer i have be there for a week . the staff be very friendly and helpful . the room be not 5 star but they be very nice clean affordable and quiet . i would highly recommend this hotel to anyone local or in town for a few day .
i ve stay at plenty of budget hotel . i ve always say i don t care if the furniture be run down the decor be outdated etc . as long as it be clean . this hotel have nothing go for it but location . i ve include a few picture so you can see what i mean . the shower be gross with lot of mold to ... more
we would have leave this hotel immediately except that it be very late at night and we just want to get a few hour of sleep . we be in room 219 . the floor of our room although probably on a concrete slab be shaky when someone walk on it . this be the first time i ve feel i need to check ... more
be a little leary at first because this be a wyndham property my last experience with their property be a microtel and it be disgust this be a pet friendly hotel and the room be clean they serve not much of a continental breakfast . they use styrofoam bowl plate we all know you be not suppose to use ... more
i stay often for work maybe once every other month every time i have stay the staff be always so nice and the whole hotel and room be very clean . during the holiday they have their lobby decorate really nice and it feel very inviting . they also have a nice breakfast in the morning which be a nice when you ... more
stay one night while in the area on business and i be blow away by the front desk staff s dedication to superior customer service unfortunately didn t get their name but the lady and gentleman that check me in be kind prompt and tell me several time that if i need anything to call right away . denesha check me out in ... more
our stay be part of celebrate my husband 60th birthday . the hotel be very clean and well keep . the staff be friendly and very helpful . great complimentary breakfast we would definitely recommend this hotel to our family and friend . thank you for a great stay .
check in at 3 p.m. but room be not available until after 6 p.m. . be offer complimentary upgrade by staff to a slightly larger room and later charge the higher rate for this room . although room be pay in cash i be advise that a 50 hold be necessary for incidental . i authorize this hold and be subsequently charge 3x total 150 . hotel ... more
room be well appoint and clean comfortable bed good value pleasant stay . it be convenient to texas rangers ballpark easy to get to would stay there again . staff be friendly and efficient . breakfast have good choice .
we choose this location because we have a wonderful experience the last time we stay . it be a big spacious room with all of the amenity . it smell clean and be clean when you enter the lobby hall and room . i learn that stay in the ground level be not good for my cell phone service . the pillow be comfortable ... more
this be a very clean hotel centrally locate to a variety of restaurant an amazing indoor water park nearby . excellent free breakfast daily as well as coffee tea available 24 7 . very kid friendly staff . swim pool exercise room on site .
i love everything about this hotel it be extremely clean and my room be very comfortable and feel like home . the staff be also very nice and very helpful . also the breakfast buffet at this hotel be the best i ve ever have . my sister forget her toothbrush and they supply a free one whereas most hotel would make you pay ... more
my family and i enjoy the cleanliness of the hotel friendliness of the staff and convenience of its location . we always stay at hampton hotel because of their cleanliness and dependable service we highly recommend the erie pa hampton inn .
very satisfied with my stay and very affordable the breakfast in the morning be great as well . it be a very easy process to check out in the morning . the employee that i walk past in the hallway be very friendly . overall it be a very pleasant stay
my husband and i stay over night in a jacuzzi suite for our anniversary . it be a beautiful room very clean and comfortable . breakfast be great lot to choose from . the jacuzzi be nice work well nice hot water and very clean i would recommend the hampton inn to everyone i know
at 150 a night for 1 room with 2 queen bed i have stay at nicer hotel for less money . over all the room be comfortable with nice air conditioning control by a wall thermostat . there be a refrigerator microwave and coffee pot in the room the hotel have a nice small pool indoor but could use a good cleaning ... more
nice hotel friendly courteous staff . housekeeping come a little early to clean room but overall it be a good stay .
this hotel be not up to the hampton standards . the hotel be clean but very dated . the furniture carpet door and woodwork all need update . the room be clean and the bed a good bed . i typically stay at hilton property and be disappoint .
the hotel be in a convenient location and have a friendly staff . breakfast and snack selection be good as well as fresh . check in check out quick . spacious lobby comfortable bed and pillow . the hotel be quiet and easy to find off the highway .
awesome free breakfast with different hot item each day like bacon egg sausage hash brown . waffle oatmeal cereal muffin yogurt etc . kid love the nice pool and enjoy get hot chocolate .
stop last minute when travel thru the area . room be nice staff be nice . breakfast be great area organize well to accommodate a lot of people . dee be very nice and be busy work to keep everything fill up clean .. ask if she could help or pick up trash . nice experience .
the front desk hassle my wife for a credit card while they already have my marriott visa card on file with the room already charge to it . they put us in a room next to the elevator and i couldn t get on the elevator carry three bag because the help cut in front of me to take their cart ... more
we arrive around 7 p.m. and be promptly check in . the front desk attendant be friendly and thank me for be a reward member . our room be locate on the 3rd floor and be clean and comfortable . wireless internet be free and reliable but beyond that we didn t utilize any other hotel amenity . we be in town for the military bowl ... more
a four night stay at the inn be not only pleasant and comfortable but we experience the most helpful kind caring and compassionate customer service we have ever encounter . shelia and therese greet us with warm smile and laughter they be quick to find an answer to any question ask . unforeseen circumstance keep us stay longer than expect and not ... more
we staid only for one night and this probably be the best option in town . rustic but gemtlich as we germans say . the owner be a nice guy and we have a great talk with him about some family from conrad . we highly recommend this place if you go to conrad .
this rodeway inn be recently convert from a tlc . for some reason the people who work there wouldn t admit it have be a very recent change . the lobby have be retile and the hall be be repaint . breakfast be very basic although a it include a waffle machine . the whole hotel be suppose to be non smoking but we be uncomfortable because ... more
the man at the front desk be so nice and helpful the hotel be clean and well take care of
good price nice breakfast staff very polite . room have sock under desk . bathroom could be clean better . stuff be leave in fridge .
pool be awesome . it s only 3 1 2 foot deep at the deep end and 1 foot in the shallow in . have two slide a basketball hoop fountain a thing with rope and pad across the water that you can try a cross and little water cannon . also have a hot tub for the parent . free wifi . very clean from what ... more
travel on business and stay two night . staff be excellent . hotel be very clean and quiet . the pool area look like lot of fun if you have kid with you . breakfast room be really nice and food be actually very good . i would stay again . cheer
i would recommend stay at this location . the staff be extremely helpful . room be clean heating system be quiet bed and pillow comfortable internet access and a very breakfast in the morning . very good quality for your dollar .
our vehicle break down while pass dillon mt . so we be force to stay while repair be be make . the best western be right across the street and the staff be very sympathetic to our plight go out of their way to be helpful and accommodating . i d definitely stay at this best western again .
very friendly a true honest friendly . nice room . fantastic breakfast . very clean . it be not a chain hotel so maybe that be why the employee seem happy . that be a good reason to stay here . easy to get to from the freeway .
this property provide us with an extremely enjoyable stay the bed be excellent the dcor and cleanliness excellent . the food outstanding our best stay at a best western . if we be ever in this neck of the wood again we will definitely stay at this best western .
the hotel staff be very friendly . room be clean and comfortable . it be very quiet . the breakfast be very good with lot of option . they even leave organic toiletry in the room
facility be in good shape and clean . a little awkward to get to . no elevator the room be spacious . have say that some of that space should have be invest in the bathroom . the sink be outside the bath next to the door . once in the bath you need to stand between the toilet and tub to shut the door ... more
this hotel be right off the interstate really easy to get to . get out back to the interstate be another issue but that s butte not the hotel problem . the front desk staff be amaze and so friendly . faith be the most bubbly lively helpful receptionist i have ever come across in a hotel . she alone make this place absolutly amaze ... more
this quality inn be in a great location and the staff be amazing . bed be comfortable and very clean i be impressed with how large and spacious the room be . i could go on and on about how happy i be with my stay . i will see you again when i be pass through again this weekend .
warn this hotel have no guest laundry facility you can not wash your clothe here . summary no laundry no beer no fridge no microwave hard to get anyone at the front desk manager awol expensive new paint . detail i m a frequent marriott customer and have an elevated guest reward status so i have hundred of stay to compare this hotel ... more
whenever i have to head down that way i choose to stay at the prarie winds motel . the room be always clean there be always a smile face to help you with whatever you may need and don t forget about the continental breakfast extremely reasonable rate and there be also a restaurant attach to the motel
the element be a newer hotel with modern design spacious room and friendly service . the lobby be open and inviting . this be a great place for multiple group of people to enjoy one another s company . there be an outside courtyard area with copious seating and a gas fire pit . near the main entrance be an awesome cappuccino machine . i hit ... more
the quality of my stay be amazing and the price be even more amazing . you definitely get what you pay for and more . bed super comfy room be real neat and clean and the breakfast be pretty good
the first strike be a long wait to check in follow by average accomodation . normal flickering bathroom lighting with marginal breakfast fare . all choice property tend to be somewhat the same with the difference be the wifi here didn t work on this trip
the first room we get instantly smell like smoke so we tell the front desk and they get us a new room which be very nice of them . our second room smell like an old frat house . i sleep in a hooded sweatshirt because i didn t feel comfortable in the bed . we didn t use any blanket because they smell ... more
go to kaktovik seek polar bear sighting not disappoint this place be great photo of waldo arm be exactly right but what photo don t show be the hospitality warmth awesome ness of the people at waldo arm and kaktovik as a whole . scott and the gang be some of the best people i have ever meet they make us feel like ... more
very disappointed . first of all i feel take advantage of . there be few choice in this town and the management know it . i need a government rate you know the rate offer in every other city in the us . not here . i book early and still have to pay 40 out of pocket for my stay over and above my allotment ... more
the room be really tiny but clean and there be no elevator to second floor . that be very inconvenient for us as we have a lot of luggage . and the unkind front desk lady be not helpful at all . too pricey for what you get .
very friendly service . one of the best value in lodging today . excellent room . hope to stay here again . if you like a small town atmosphere and down home service look no further . the large undercover seating area be great for visit or just relax .
quiet and restful with helpful service and friendly people . the hotel be beautiful with gorgeous blooming flower right outside my door . breakfast be provide and room tip give helpful information . i highly recommend
main room be to hot and it be hard to make it cool other then that be a nice place the wifi be slow but good enough to get what i need do how it be set up be nice and everything work well if i have to rate it i would say 6and a half out of 10 its ... more
not much to look at from outside but do that really matter the inside be spotless and the bed be comfortable . the owner be very accommodating and the rest of the staff very friendly . they have a nice laundry area with four washer four dryer vend machine and a coffee machine . would not hesitate to stay here again
five star review . the staff of the sleep inn suites be excellent they will go above and beyond to accommodate your need . kayla especially be fantastic . very courteous professional friendly . i would feel very comfortable recommend this location . well do
we stay for one night on our way to cody wyoming . the room be excellent the bed be very good . the include breakfast do the job . the hotel be great in all respect . the only drawback be the limited dining opportunity at that location .
nice hotel a little way off the interstate so it isn t loud . pool be close i don t know why disappoint after a hot day on the motorcycle . not the cheapest choice but a newer comfortable clean hotel so a good value .
this hotel have recently have a facelift . my daughter stay here several year ago and be very impressed with the update quiet with super comfortable bed . friendly staff and great breakfast . easy off and on interstate . near mall other shopping district and restaurant . and the price be right
once we finally find it we enjoy the stay . your sign be hide behind applebee and we couldn t find it without stop and ask for direction . we get there early and our room be ready at 11 so we be able to check in right away . room be really quiet and the tv be a good size . will stay there again .
stay here with my wife and kid while pass through wyoming . it use to be a super 8 that be pretty run down but have now convert to a comfort inn and go major renovation . right next door be applebees so we be able to quickly eat dinner without even have to go hunt for a place . great place for ... more
location be perfect right in the middle of town room be clean friendly staff very accommodating also ask question about the area and they be very knowledgeable on the surround area and the fishing
we have be stay at ttl for year . lisa and ron be the owner and they be like family to us . the unit be always clean have amazing view of the town have full kitchen and they allow dog . i have never have a bad stay at this lodge . my wife and i have bring several friend and family to ... more
the chalet be a great place to stay when visit mooshead lake . huge property with lot of space to relax and enjoy the outdoors and the lake . they let guest use canoe kayak and paddleboat . tghis be also a pet friendly motel . the owner be visible helpful and friendly . walk distance to the village area and a great value .
it be a very pleasant surprise after a long drive . the cabin be very clean and well stock with dish towel blanket and pillow . we be very impressed with the sleep arrangement and how large the cabin be we will be back . our family have an amazing time thank you
i recently stay the night at this motel and i must say this place be better than i expect . the room be very clean and very nice . the owner who be a 3rd generation owner treat me very polite . i feel like i be stay with family he care about his legacy and do his best to make sure you be safe and comfortable . thank you .
the place be dirty . my daughter and son in law stay there about a month ago . the place be wear down and in need of a good cleaning . the tv be old and wear out as well . most people never stay here twice .
while not directly on the river walk this hotel provide a driver name joe that really enjoy his job of drive people to the river walk and other downtown location . they also have a reception most night with snacks beer wine . fantastic experience . you can tell this hotel be run by people that want to do a great job
the hotel be clean and the staff be great the room be clean and the amenity be wonderful . they have a put green workout room heat hot tub and pool as well as one of the best breakfast at any hotel . georgia be so helpful in drive around our party to different area of s.a . include to the alamodome on ... more
great staff from front desk to clean people.all be friendly courteous and very helpful . room be very clean . breakfast be great . walk distance to riverwalk . can t think of anything that they could make better .
we stay a night we be on a family trip the stay be so peaceful . the room be beautiful comfy bed and great channel . i would stay again when visit that area . also the staff be really friendly and professional .
we arrive to the hotel and be greet by a welcome staff the lobby be tastefully decorate in the san antonio style . very clean and the staff be very pleasant and super helpful willing to go the extra mile for their customer . the owner of the hotel even take the time to personally come to our table to welcome us ... more
we recently spend 4 night at this hotel . we originally book for 2 night but be so impressed by the hotel ambience that we stay an extra 2 . from the moment we check in we find the staff to be warm and welcoming . the hotel be within walk distance of the alamo and riverwalk but the hotel also offer an ... more
this hotel be very nice within walk distance of the alamo riverwalk and the market . it have a grocery market next door for extra . the breakfast furnish be good . room be quite . internet be available . feel that this be a safe area .
the room be fine and the staff be friendly but the high speed internet never work . i keep get excuse but be worthless . i would return if they fix the internet because that be my only real complaint .
hotel lobby and common area look like they have not be vacume in day . room be a little better but find piece of candy on the floor . the cooked portion of the breakfast look too cold and rubbery . could not bring myself to try it . the neighborhood be ok but view be look directly into mid rise apartment unit . when we check in the young lady man the registation desk look and sound like she have the flu . no one else be there to help .
great hotel . very comfortable and the staff be really helpful and nice .
this be an excellent location price right . best of all be the staff especially stephanie she assist the family with room need and be extremely professional and courteous . every family member comment on the kindness show by stephanie as unlike that find at many location . the location be near both dallas and ft . worth make it easy to access either .
our room be very clean and comfortable . the bed and pillow be perfect . teresa the manager be very welcoming to us . although the pool be not open yet we enjoy the warm texas sunshine on the patio . there be also a grill if you want to bbq . the complimentary breakfast be good and the staff replenish it as need . we ... more
the room be very nice the a c be phenominal in the room a quiet and pleasant stay . the staff be very nice . the only downside of the stay be the internet cut in and out through the day . overall great experience
other than the fact that our keycard not work when we arrive at our room on the 2nd floor it be an excellent place to stay the room be clean and the bed be comfortable . would recommend it to a friend .
location be great for sightseeing . neighborhood very poor where hotel locate . room be comfortable and clean .... only issue bathroom be small . exercise room need some update though . breakfast be adequate .
we be very pleased to be able to use computer to check in with our airline to save time at the airport .
clean room very efficient staff easy location to find .
the holiday inn express be on the north side of town in an area with other hotel some restaurant and some box store . the receptionist be friendly the room be clean and the bed be comfortable . room have fridge iron and tv with a good selection of channel . breakfast be include in the price . the bedroom be attractively furnish . the bathroom be a bit dowdy . but the hotel do what be need provide a safe and comfortable place to spend the night while on the road .
great room at a very good prize . very nice atmosphere in this hotel . grand lobby . friendly staff . short distance to dining . enjoy the stay in this hotel . they have a great pool . i would recomend this hotel .
the staff be helpful in locate where we be attend a meeting . the hotel be wonderful from the coffee and rookie to the facility . the indoor pool be great . the room be great and clean . it be large two closet and a very comfortable bed . the room be quiet and the hotel very nice . the only problem be the parking ... more
staff very nice and helpful . major disappointment be that hot tub be cold same temperature as pool beside it . we didn t really get what we pay for . parking be tight if you have a larger vehicle but adequate . breakfast be okay . little less than impressed . sleeper sofa in suite be pretty uncomfortable . for the price we pay it be just ... more
my girlfriend have spend the last eleven week at the country inn and suite while she have be attend law enforcement training in athens . i would stay with her a few night a week and be very pleasantly surprise by this hotel . all of the amenity from the comfortably lobby to the pool and hot tub to the continental breakfast ... more
i feel compel to write this after read the other review . while this be an older hotel the place be absolutely wonderful room be clean fridge and microwave in room nice pool area it have it all staff be friendly and most helpful lot to do in the area and would definitely stay here again
i recently stay at the newark garden hotel for a gathering . it have the nostalgic allure of an older hotel and immediately the hotel s simple charm and genuinely friendly staff win me over . the bed be quite comfortable the room be clean and spacious full hot breakfast be include and there be a good sized conference dining room at the hotel ... more
home2suites canton have roomy suite with comfy beds kitchen area and living area . staff be very friendly and helpful both at the desk as well as breakfast . the coffee be really good and the make your own belgium waffle be delicious
recently bring the family to canton for a visit with friend and family . after review a number of option on trip advisor we choose home2 suite for location a very competitive rate pool and complimentary breakfast . our experience exceed all expectation jennifer the general manager and her entire staff go out of their way to accommodate us on a number ... more
go for thunder over louisville 2015 . very polite and friendly staff and desk crew . ice maker be break on 2nd and 3rd floor but there be personnel on site actively work the problem so it wasn t so bad . perfect location in the heart of downtown louisville . would certainly stay again next year
i stay for one night with a couple friend . we be in town for a concert . the hotel be clean conveniently locate nice and a good value . hotel staff be helpful and friendly .
the hotel be excellent and the staff be great the clean people and night desk staff be especially nice and helpful and they even make a dog out of towel once . the room have a small refrigerator which be a nice surprise and the gym be surprisingly well stock with equipment .
i call the manager matt for two straight week and leave multiple message . he feel it be unnecessary to return any of phone call so my stay be ruin . i would never stay here again .
go down for breakfast and there be none leave . what they do have be terrible . comforter on bed be dirty .
one night stay for business be fine . the room be clean staff be nice and breakfast be ok .
we use 10 000 marriott point for our stay in room 117 . it be roomy and have a massive closet . the room have a fridge dishwasher sink stove and expand desk . yes you could live there . usa today and the omaha world herald be provide for free . it be true that the hotel be hard to find we miss it on ... more
from the front desk to the room and next day breakfast this place be first class . it be crowd due to be the homebase of cox cable employee so book ahead just off 680 on the west side you can get to anywhere in omaha from here quick .
well first off i pay for a king with a sofa bed non smoking . when i arrive and check in once in the room i discover i have be give a full size bed . i immediately call down to the front desk and the manager say she be all out of non smoking king room and that she didn t know why hotels.com book me and charge me for that room . i tell her i have pay for it already and be tell that i would have to take it up with hotels.com . i be extremely upset and she offer me a smoking king room . i wasn t comfortable with that but because my two small boy want to stay in the hotel just for the pool i agree to the king room smoke . we all have allergy so i be a bit uncomfortable stay there but do it to please my boy .
wonderful woman at front desk and man work as general maintenance .
love our stay however elevator be break and it take forever to catch . great neighborhood store and restaurant galore
5 night bed never make . day 4 no housekeeping too few room to bother .loud bathroom fan come on with light . can t see tv from sofa only from bed . full hot breakfast2 kind of bread for toast w jam and freeze butter instant oatmeal 3 cereal sm blueberry muffin and waffle . coffee and 2 juice . overall poor choice
my spouse have eat here a couple of time in the past mostly very good experience but the last time a month ago be very poor . consequently we decide to give it another try to see if the last visit visit be an aberration . it be early 5 pm so there be only a few other people on the patio .... more
look like a higher price well appoint hotel room . clean roomy and modern . walk distance to the outback steakhouse . wireless internet be fast . nice breakfast . room be quiet . i would recommend this especially to business traveller .
like new . exactly as book . room excellent .. shower head not great . fantastic breakfast with outstanding breakfast lady great value for price . would return without question . and you would too . just do it .
the room be ok . nothing special but clean . the parking lot feel a little sketchy just lock your door . not a lot of toiletry bring your own if you need something special . pool be ok . front desk guy be nice and helpful when need .
this hotel happen to be the last one to have room for the time me and my friend be down there talk about a nasty rundown place first off we walk in our room and the sheet and bed look unfit to sleep on the smell be nasty and we have to let our room air out when we go ... more
we have be come to the dune every fall for more than 10 year . it be a vacation we enjoy more every year . the cottage be like our home away from home . the staff be extremely accommodating . we highly recommend the dune
our family have now be come to the dune on the waterfront annually for close to a decade now and we be never disappointed . this be a rare gem of a place with gorgeous ground and view lovely well equipped cottage and a friendly and attentive staff . what s not to love the dune offer a peaceful respite from the hustle and ... more
we stay here two night and it be very nice . nothing fancy but very clean quiet and comfortable . the staff be very friendly and helpful they have a small breakfast in the morning which be enough for us cereal doughnut yogurt etc . they always have water coffee and tea available in the lobby as well as microwave popcorn and famous ... more
we stay two night at the nordic lodge . we find this place online and it be everything it be advertise to be . the staff be very friendly bed be very comfortable and we love the private patio off our room and also the large deck off the pool area . both face the wood . our room be equip with a small ... more
this be our second time stay at the maple leaf motel . cindy the owner manager take great pride in the cleanliness of the room . and she love her flower it be a gem right on the main road into charlevoix . price be reasonable . this be definitely our go to place to stay in that area of the state .
we book this place on a whim and how fortunate we be quiet clean and roomy love the owner she be priceless and so accommodate super kid friendly .. pool be so clean and sparkle can not say enough about this place definitely come back my boy age 7 11 and 14 love it as well as my 3 year old grand daughter we ... more
so you re on the road and reach carrollton in early evening . where to stay give that carrollton be a small city option be limit the fall back choice be a hotel in a well know chain which hopefully will insure at least a minimum level of quality . this best western fit that description base on my recent experience with a one night stay .... more
this place be still under construction for update their room but we be place in a new room that be very impressive . everything be new furniture fixture microwave coffee pot and fridge . very clean . nice continental breakfast . love the new policy when there be a noise complaint ... the rowdy guest get one warning and after that the police will be call .... more
nice hotel staff be the best i have interact with in year . accommodation be very clean .
only regret i have be the breakfast could add bacon and sausage and make the breakfast a true hot breakfast .
the wall have unpainted spackle . there be a loose bulb hang from bare wire in the bathroom . i tell the front desk the bulb be a safety hazard and should be replace but they didn t bother to fix it . i get the impression that they don t care about the condition of their own hotel .
we will never stay in quality inn again my wife and i arrive at 11 20pm and no one be in the front desk . we wait for 20 minute unattende and finally someone come to check us in . while we be in the room we find one of the twin bed do not have blanket comforter . we call 3 time and the last answer be the house keeper leave and he would send us one tomorrow morning . it be 1 30am by then and we be all exhausted and decide to give up and sleep with a c off .
most disgusting place i have ever stay . dirty smelly and unexpected vistor in the middle of night who have be give a door key from reception report this incident to reception after get rid of the man . she just laugh say the man be book in the following day . after make further inquiry no one can be give a key ... more
we book this hotel while we be travel to florida . very inexpensive so we be apprehensive but on check in we be very pleasantly surprised . room be a 2 room suite with king bed microwave and frig . it be clean and very comfortable . the next surprise be the free full breakfast the next morning . would definitely use this chain of hotel ... more
when i call to make a reservation they tell me they have truck park next door at a burger king . when i get there that be true . i pull a 40 foot 5th wheel camper it be ok for parking but to turn around to leave be very tight . i would not suggest this hotel for camper parking . the room ... more
this all hotel be very nice for this area of hmpton inns and courtyard but they do not deserve the class boutique they give themselves . the room be spacious and clean with top drawer amenity but there be no warmth or special service from the establishmeny even though we have 100 guest fot a wedding . the shuttle service be great . the ... more
we be travel to the east coast and need a one night stay so we call ahead and book with baymont because he inform us of the brand new remodeled room . we get to the room and find new carpet and it end there . the tv be an antique with a remote that would not operate this old set the ... more
filthy hotel bed bug or flea not sure which but we scratch all night . dirty rag dirty tub nasty carpet and sheet . should have be tip off when i have to wade through trash overflow the trash can in the breakfast area . mgr . wouldn t return phone call 3 and when i finally reach him he say he d give me 10 .... more
stay one night request a room with refrig on first floor . request grant plus kitchenette room very large well lay out and great lighting . very clean and comfortable . front desk staff friendly and helpful . snack soda water chip and ice cream sell in little market in lobby . highly recommend this hotel . best place ever at this great price thank to ... more
we do a lot of business traveling and have stay in hotel with kitchenette that have nothing to cook with and frankly we don t travel with pot and pan this mainstay be fully equip with everything need right down to paper towel the desk clerk be extremely friendly and helpful as be the employee in the breakfast area . the room ... more
awesome pool comfy bed pillow . great view of downtown and easy to get to plaza or to crown center .
the grout in the bathroom be filthy the room be out date . the noise we get be on the 39th floor must have be from poor insulated glass . we could hear the car drive . the bed wall be aginst the two elevator run up and down all night . the breeze way run to the vehicle garage be be use as the smoking area buy the staff . it be suffocate come in and out of the building . the only time we eat there be first day in the morning . the buffet be horrible . the bacon be rock hard the powder egg taste like caulk the ham be nothing but grease . very unhappy with the meal . and to top it off it cost 35.00 for two of us . i have continental breakfast that have more to offer and alot better taste . add the 34.00 for car park the horrible breakfast and two night of restless sleep . it cost me 700.00 . this be a very unsatisfied customer that will post to other trend to let people know that this be hotel shouldn t even have a rating .
they be very accommodating and friendly the only downside be there be no free parking at the hotel but besides that ... it be great
the hotel be very nice and the staff be very freindly
awesome
very nice and clean would stay again
we make reservation well over a month prior . however after a long drive a two tired kid we be inform at check in that they be out of double bed . i get they make a lot of from a large group but we pay too could not care less either . lier would be one word to describe this service
the staff be excellent the only frustration i have be the cost of parking very expensive .
we have stay here several time . always enjoyable . clean room great staff . love the glass walkway to crown center .
the hotel stay be great . stay for a conference locate at the hotel which be great as well . the only complaint i have be the parking . you can park in their parking garage connect to the hotel for a 16 charge which be a little ridiculous . the hotel be good at compensate me for this as i be uninformed and unaware but the third party company that rub the toll through the garage be absolutely horrid i be i could give negative review on them alone they one young lady in particular make my great weekend end in absolute anger while leave . try to charge me almost 40 in charge for parking with the receipt from the hotel stay that they have cover it for me .
definitely go above and beyond for our occasion . even send up a special dessert . we have many fond memory of stay when it be the hyatt and be not disappointed . great job . especially at check in .. our clerk be amazing . he make all detail of our stay comfortable . thank .
great hotel i enjoy the city view from this high rise building .
we take our two kid to stay at this hotel and we have so many undesireable problem during our one night stay it really ruin the trip . my kid and i get stick in the elevator which scare my kid to death and they be afraid to get back on the elevator . this be a problem since our room be on the 27th floor . we order desert from room service and only get half of what be suppose to come with it and the guy act put out when i ask him to go and get the rest of the order . the jet on the hot tub be not work the steam room be not work and the room with the pool be all gross and really wear down . our blanket have stain on them in the room and the toilet run for 45 minute after flush which be really loud throughout the room . housekeeping come and knock on the door at 8 a.m. even though we have the do not disturb sign out . for a four star hotel it lack the amenity you would expect . internet be extra and we have to pay 15 day to park . the only good thing be the location and the view be great other than that a huge dissappointment and not worth the money the worst part be that no one even care to ask about my stay when we check out ...
we we check into the hotel the lady be not very friendly and seem to be lack some customer service training . we have to let the water run for at leas t 5 minute before take a warm not hot shower . also the t.v . reception keep go in and out . the hotel be not kid family friendly at all . the only restaurant available for breakfast be a sport bar that either sit 2 or 6 people and all the table be the pub style which do not work very well for a 1 and 3 year old . the only option the staff give us be to eat at another hotel restaurant .
great stay very nice
very clean nice update room . feel so comfortable in there i walk around barefoot and sit on the floor .
i book my trip with the understanding that i would be stay at a hyatt regency hotel . i do not find out until i arrive that the hotel have change hand as of dec 1st and under construction.we arrive christmas day . it be a mad house a chinesse christian convenetion be in progress not a problem . the problem be that be the convention be the main focus of the hotel staff no coffee kiosk no hotel shop and limited staff . we be able to get food from the sport bar not a very good experience again no staff.the construction begin at 8 00 be and end at 3 30 mon through friday.so loud we be move 6 floor .
we love our stay . it be right by the crown plaza . we take the sky bridge to the crown plaza . the hotel be right beside the aquarium and lego land . it be very clean and pleasant .
the only negative thing i have to say be that when our room be clean new condiment where leave for us not everything be replenish . but that be a very minor thing so i would say the overall stay service be exceptional .
we stay at this hotel when it be a hyatt sot that be some time ago . i would say that everything have improve since sheraton take over . the staff be excellent as well as the restaurant and bar . the room be very comfortable and quiet .
location not as convenient as originally think . still have to drive to dinner . pool be fairly small and seem a long hike from most room . very nice lobby only two clerk for check in at 5 00 on a saturday . in the future i will stay downtown or somewhere else . disappoint that wi fi and parking be so expensive . the parking garage two block away be free though .
location location location .... yes . but facility definately show age . parking should be include in the cost of stay . it be kind of like say room be night but you have to pay to use the toilet . but with that say location could not be better .
this hotel be everything you you want in a hotel staff be quick to point out how to avoid additional charge volunteer service and assistance . bed be nice clean and the pillow be almost comicly fluffy . close to everywhere in kc we want to go
we be in kansas city to see once at the kaufmann perform arts center and decide on this hotel for a good location near the venue . we be beyond pleased with our stay in the sheraton . the hotel be classy and the area be vibrant . so much to take in and appreciate . our stay be a 5 across the board .
the hotel be beautiful the staff friendly but the room be miss a few amenity such as no cream or sugar for coffee . bell man leave me in the hotel lobby with a full cart 2 kid and a small dog in crate after i have tip him to take me upstairs . i have to manage by myself . manager be very nice and give us a comp breakfast buffet .
we truly enjoy our stay . the room be great and we definitely appreciate the hotel shuttle service to near by attraction and resturant . i would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone .
this hotel have change a bit in the lobby since that day in july 1981 when the skywalk collapse kill 114 people and injure others.i be work at the kansas city star then and remember that disaster very well . the newspaper win a pulitzer prize for its coverage of the hyatt and the aftermath.i think it would be appropriate and in good taste for there to be a small plaque in the lobby note the death and injury of so many people and how build design have change since.today the lobby look quite safe and i be sure it be . the hyatt regency disaster have go down as one that have raise build safety to a much higher standard .
we be here for a three day dance convention . we travel a lot and this hotel be very excellent . the room be very clean and comfortable . the only complaint i have be the service in the restaurant be lack . when i go for dinner i have to pour my own glass of water and wait almost 20 minute for a server to finally come to my table . otherwise the hotel be great .
after pay 150 160 dollar for one night i be totally disappointed that there be no free breakfast or free wifi and on top of that you have to pay 16 a night to park totally outrageous i have have all of the above plus free parking at cheaper but nice hotel .
very nice hotel ... close to wwi museum which we visit . parking garage be close and secure . room service be very nice and staff be quite courteous . great view from upper floor we be on floor 34 i think . bed be quite comfortable . price be reasonable for a kansas city hotel in the middle of everything . fridge in the room which be great . no free wifi which really chap me for as much as one pay for hotel now ... but overall a nice stay .
hotel be fine big room great view ... but have to pay for wifi after pay so much for a room as well as free wifi for non resident in the lobby over price restaurant and bar the top view be only for vip guest load of people attend a conference over everywhere ..... wouldn t stay here again . disappoint after pay so much money then be ask to pay more for the basic ... especially with the more attractive alternative nearby .
intuitive and friendly staff . hotel be clean and well manage . early check in be make available and each item on my profile be provide upon enter my room . the continental breakfast be amazing
excellent place to stay for hoopfest . it s a short walk to the downtown area . friendly staff with excellent customer service . free water and gatorade for hoopfest be a plus . television reception be a little fuzzy at time . clean and comfortable room .
the staff go over and above to make sure our volleyball team be well take care of . its a perfect location downtown and walk distance to everything .... restaurant gonzaga convention center and park
the property be well maintain and staff the room be exemplary the complementary breakfast be worthy and greatly appreciate . the location be ideal and my stay couldn t have be better . this will be my get to hotel whenever i be in spokane .
always a pleasure to stay here . great service . clean room . great down town location . enjoy the early breakfast . really enjoy the bacon . check in be speedy and pleasant like the evening warm cookie and milk . enjoy my 4 30 am news paper
call and schedule a room two month in advance give them a card with the expiration and security code to pay for the room so my family who would be travel without me would be take care of . when they get there after business hour they inform my family that they need the card there with them to pay for ... more
excellent be the word that describe this hotel . excellent staff excellent room excellent service . io would gladly stay in this hotel if the need come up . i would highly recommend it to you .
our stay be great . we have a very restful night and plan on stay again next month .
only staff that be friendly be the evening desk person . the red lion inn suit manager mcminnville or be very very rude crystal we attempt to cancel our second night due to change in our travel plan . a few hour after we check in we be tell check out a day early be no problem so we make a reservation at another hotel a few hour further south in or . when we go to check out we be tell by crystal that we would not be get a refund for the second night because we be a pre pay . she insist that it be expedia that would not permit the refund . she also say it be hotel policy that since it be a prepay the second night could not be refund i call expedia and they try to get the crystal to release us from the second night and they be tell no and expedia have no choice but to honor the hotel policy . so now we have two hotel reservation . fortunately expedia be able to cancel the reservation we have make at the other hotel without penalty . we later check the hotel policy on line and it do not say anything regard no refund for cancel a second night only first night or no show we bring this to crystal attention and she just say hmmm ill check into that . no apology no managerial flexibility in resolve our customer dissatisfaction and she talk to us as if we be child . red lion do not care about our need only about sell out the hotel we doubt we will never stay at another red lion .
great room . big .
this be locate on the highway close to the air museum and make it easy to drive to dayton dundee area in one direction and less than 5 minute from downtown mcminnville . the staff be very nice and our room be comfortable . they provide a free breakfast and have a pool .
room hotel be not in great condition . housekeeping leave a note on first morning say they have not clean the room because they be protect our privacy and we do not have a dnd sign out nor be we in our room late . free wifi be only free because it never work . breakfast food wasn t refill and there be still 30 min remain .
very nice hotel . have a nice stay . the swimming pool be old and need refinishing . staff be pleasant and helpful .
we stay at the comfort inn for two night over labor day weekend . pro the room be large . the bed be comfortable . the window open to allow the fresh cool air in . this be a huge plus the hotel be quiet even though they be pretty busy due to the weekend . con the refrigerator and microwave be a bit ... more
good clean room . the swimming pool be surround by the hotel in the middle of the hotel so people from the street can t see our activity jose the guy in the front desk be very helpful . he ask me do i have preference room and i say no . so he give me room on the first floor near the door .... more
be look for a quite hotel off the strip and it totally fit . property and room be average but very clean and quiet . staff be great . food at their caf be very good . convenient to use monorail station be just across the road .
we stay in this hotel for 5 night from 28dec15 to 02jan16 . the room be nice and comfortable and the reception be friendly . the service from the cafe staff be exceptional good too . location be near a monorail which make it v accessible and its at the end of the strip which allow us for a quiet drama free rest . the ... more
my daughter and i check in late after drive all day . the room we be originally set to be in be mark as not ready in the system so we be assign to a larger room . when we get into the room overall everything appear to be clean . however when we go to the bathroom to turn on the shower we notice that the shower tub have not be clean or if it have it be not do well . there be several dark hair still in the bathtub as well as small stumble from a man . this be quite disgusting and not what we want to deal with at the late hour . i do my best to wash out and wipe down the tub but we quickly shower with our flip flop on and go to bed . in the morning we wake up and check out quickly because it just feel dirty in the room . i do let the clerk know about our room upon checkout and she state that she would let the head of cleaning know .
i be surprised when i arrive at this hotel . the staff be all very nice and helpful . the hotel be easy to find and be very close to the downtown area and sport arena . the hotel have a nice restaurant and a nice sport bar . my hotel room be clean and seem to have be recently update .
a quick overnight stay . this be our first experience with a best western and if they re all this good we will definitely look at best western in the future .
we be in cedar rapid for an event at the convention center and i originally have make a reservation at the adjoining double tree . however my wife search on hotels.com and instead book a room at the best western cooper s mill hotel in order to save almost 100 . it be a good choice . the best western be locate just off i 380 and be only a short jaunt .5 mile to the convention center . while there be a bit of a funky smell in the first floor hallway our room on the second floor be large and clean my wife in particular note how immaculately clean the bathroom be . we have a microwave and refrigerator in our room and we also use the free wifi . the indoor swimming pool be also on the 2nd floor although we do not have time to take a dip on this trip . there be a bar and restaurant that adjoin the hotel and we take advantage of their 1.25 frosty mug special daily until 6 pm . as the event that bring us to town keep us up quite a bit later than our usual bedtime we be glad for the noon check out time . we would definitely stay again at the best western cooper s mill hotel the next time we overnight in cedar rapid .
we be there for a youth wrestling tournament so we stay for just 1 night . it be close to the event center but it wasn t right in the downtown area where you d have parking hassle . it be close to the interstate so we could easily get to other part of the city .
while in st . louis for a medical visit select this hampton inn due to close proximity to barne medical . be upgrade to a suite at check in . the room have a king bed sofa work area refrigerator and microwave . the room be comfortable clean quiet and the hotel staff be very professional and pleasant . breakfast be good and the eat area ... more
hotel be most accommodate for the time we spend in st . louis . i would highly recommend the hampton for anyone plan a medical or leisure stay in st . louis . only minute from everywhere we need to be especially the local restaurant on the hill .
hotel be very pleasant . staff be extremely attentive friendly and accommodating . room be clean cozy and comfortable . very roomy .... bathroom be clean and new all soap cup towel etc be plentiful . i truly enjoy the stay and would highly recommend this location for your next stay .
trip to barnes hospital require a few day stay at hampton . impress with staff and quality of service product deliver . everyone be helpful from the front desk room service and all staff . nice place next door to eat also . thank you well do
stay here while we be in in town see a show at the fox . short drive to the fox and to the galleria . super close to forest park . very clean hotel and friendly staff . would definitely stay again
no hassle no problem . perfect quality hotel . room be in great condition . every staff member be amazing and caring . from the breakfast staff to the front desk concierge . it be in a perfect location too . and breakfast be of good quality .
i have stay at this hotel more than 15 time in the last 6 month and i ve have nothing but wonderful experience . the staff be friendly and professional . breakfast be delicious and offer much variety . the room be extremely clean and comfortable and the location be great free parking be a bonus
this location be as good or better than the average hampton inn . food be great . room be great but doesn t have a fridge . the only negative be if you have a large vehicle due to the free parking garage on the property .
we be delay one day due to bad weather and the staff understand completely . this hotel be top quality in every way . the room and breakfast be both terrific . the breakfast include fresh fruit as well as usual favorite .
i be away from my home several month at a time . when i stay in st . louis the hampton be my home the staff my family . i always get a friendly happy warm greeting from everyone on the staff . stay and you win t go away unhappy .
blackwater inn milton have that red carpet decor have the amenity to get you through the night . the main draw band on the blackwater play downtown for the milton concert series every friday night . it run from 7 9 p.m. .
we will not be book at this hotel ever again . we aren t look for the best but a little work and you wouldn t give off the roach motel vibe that you presently give to potential and former guest . our room be ok except that the phone have be rip out of the wall so we be thankful we have our ... more
3 night of so so ... giant fan blow in hallway all night .. bland food ... smoke come into the room from adjacent room ... closet sized bathroom ... very old motel somewhat spruce up ... should i go on i be disappoint in this hotel and would not stay here again .
stay one night while travel through . closer to perfection hotel be clean huge room comfortable bed temperature breakfast . even warm chocolate chip cookie at check in . price be low budget price .
i be very pleased with the service i be give the room be very clean the bathroom be very clean hotel in general very clean staff be very nice and helpful the bed be very comfortable very good wi fi signal
this hotel put read pa back in the map . great place to stay to celebrate wedding reunion honeymoon etc . restaurant and bar be excellent breakfast be always scrumptious . the staff be very friendly accomodating and knowledgeable . lot of parking garage .thank you for the 5 star rating and review . we appreciate your comment . it be our pleasure have you as our guest .
best breakfast i have have at any hotel marvelous fresh berry and navel orange . spacious walk in shower . clean large modern room and delightful management and staff . attractive restaurant with an interesting selection of good food .. thank you for the 5 star rating and review . we appreciate you choose to stay with us and the opportunity to serve you .
definitely not worthy for over 500 pernight with additional 35 parking . the room be small and the offer be limit . the location be great thought just right across street from the pier .
what a fabulous hotel this finish off our drive trip from las vegas to san fran to santa monica and i could not have book a better hotel its modern clean efficient just love everything about it our room be comfy bathroom big and shower fab we gain credit towards our bill by not have the room service whilst ... more
we arrive pretty early before normal check in . the front desk do not hesitate to try to find us a room as soon as possible . they even let us know that there be an upgrade available and would love to give it to us at no cost . that be what i call service the room be beautiful very comfortable and ... more
a huge thank you to raul for such a wonderful experience by the bar and patio area yesterday you be so attentive to us and make the absolute best fruity drink for me . your friendly smile and warm demeanor be so appreciate can t wait to go back and try another one of your fruity concoction
very pleased with everything about the hotel . great position overlook santa monica pier . staff friendly and helpful especially tony who help with our case when we leave . only downside be the bedside light go off if there be no movement in the room . if you get up in the night you have to fumble your way to the door to ... more
will be back . staff be very friendly flexible and generous . vibe be santa monica with a euro modern flavor . everyone on the team go above and beyond to both personalize and create a top notch experience .
the staff be extremely friendly . randall be very informative and helpful . the location be great across the street from the santa monica pier . the room be quiet . the wall between bathroom and bedroom be see thru glass . but there be a really cool privacy shade the lower . it be clean and modern looking .
the hotel be in a great location and the staff be excellent very friendly and helpful and organise a very early check in which be great . however for the price we pay i think it be only average the room be clean but very basic . the hotel breakfast be very basic only very average and overpriced . as mention there ... more
i travel 38 hour 2 592.3 mile to this hotel . true indeed it be a nice hotel but management danielle or daniella be so unprofessional inconsiderate insensible heartless undiplomatic shameless person . i book my stay through expedia.com expedia call to verify if i need to book a day earlier due to my flight landing 12 a.m. which will cause my check in ... more
we book this hotel after a brief search on the web for three day at the beginning of a month long us trip . we be so delighted with it that we rebooke for our last 24 hour . we book a king bed ocean view room and arrive after the long flight from australia the staff move heaven and earth to ... more
the location of shore hotel be great right across from the ocean . i book an ocean view room and we arrive a bit early and upon early check in they offer us an ocean view suite at no extra charge since the room we have book wasn t yet available . i think that be great . when we get to our room ... more
this place be a very nice facility .... but there be a few problem we run into include valet only parking mandatory valet at 40 a day i would rather park myself especially since the parking deck be usually half empty room be full of mini bar item scatter all over the place this slow down check in as ... more
what a great find right in the middle of all the action in santa monica i be only here for one night for work but couldn t think of a better place for the money than here . very eco friendly super pleasant staff and clean attractive accommodation . pool area be great there be a cantina restaurant very popular right on the property ... more
location be perfect right across from santa monica pier and we walk to venice beach in the morning 2 mile each way . also walk distance from 3rd avenue shop so really perfect location . hotel itself be very modern sleek hipster . for example the shower be completely clear although there be a privacy option . room size be average small . i prefer more ... more
i book the shore hotel for a weekend stay after a convention in las vegas . i find the hotel on trip advisor and after read the very favorable review i decide to book it . when we arrive it be exactly how it look on the website and right across the street from the beach . upon check in our room as ... more
my wife and i stay her for 4 day and love every minute of it . the staff be welcome and the room we clean comfortable and have 2 flat screen tv . the room have 2 balcony with thick glass to prevent street noise and we sleep so well . it be locate in the heart of town right on the water ... more
we arrive late at night and be greet by a terrific young woman who go out of her way to assist us . her name be felicia . felicia attend to every detail be professional and make us feel as though we be family ..... even greet us with champagne . the room be great and you can t beat the location right opposite santa monica ... more
we enjoy our stay at the shore hotel though feel it doesn t represent good value particularly the 1 bed suite which be quite small . overall the facility be a bit limited and restaurant wasn t operating during our stay . great location for 3rd street promenade and access the pier though not for the beach itself . staff be great particularly jonah and ... more
everything about our stay be great . travel with 2 young child can be challenge but we feel welcome and comfortable at this hotel . the room be small but nice the pool be fun for the kid and we be able to walk to the pier and several restaurant . overall it be a great experience .
gorgeous contemporary hotel right across the street from santa monica pier . ton of shopping and restaurant within walk distance . crazy bathroom shower that be completely surround by clear glass and open to the bedroom . wierd and cool at the same time . but there be a button for the privacy curtain if prefer . recommend stay on the 3rd floor or higher ... more
everyone include ismael at this hotel go above and beyond to make our experience great . the hotel be a bit pricy but the location service and comfort of the room make it worthwhile . proximity to santa monica pier the promenade shopping area restaurant all great too ...
my family and i be here for a one night stay . everyone from our check in valet bell desk to housekeeping make us feel welcome . we arrive at 200p and they rush our room with housekeeping so we didn t have to wait . the room be beautiful spacious and very clean . we be greet by friendly employee everywhere make sure be ... more
we arrive at 5 p.m. as check in isn t until 4 p.m. to be advise that management have agree to late check out on the ocean face room we have book and it wouldn t be available until after 7.30 pm sunset be at 7 p.m. . we be force into accept a side view room . our plan of enjoy our ocean face room sip ... more
we stay at the shore hotel two month ago the hotel exceed our expectation . we stay in an ocean view premier room which offer us a view of the pool and ocean . all be perfect no complaint at all . the room be very clean and comfortable the valet retrieve our car quickly each time and be very friendly . the staff at ... more
location be awesome and walk distance from a lot of great bar restaurant and a mall . besides that the quality of the hotel didn t really live up its price level . staff be friendly but poorly train . just little thing like an employee hijack an elevator down to parking as i be try to go up and another one at the front ... more
union organizer with megaphone read union law at 7 be due to the layout of the hotel it be amplify tenfold . apparently there be no noise violation for do this . win t be back to santa monica better place to go that have better ordinance . police just drive by like there be nothing go on .
if you haven t be to cooperstown before especially during summer tourist season you need to know that lodging within the village itself be at a premium very limited availability and what be available be very pricey . this be my 3rd visit to the area and the first time that i ve actually be able to get a room ... more
great place to stay . staff be friendly new me bun me . excellent breakfast . room super clean . wifi be lack my phone work better on its own datum vs. the hotel internet . will definitely stay there again .
perfect accommodation with friendly service at a great value . we be frequent guest at various hilton gardens and have never be disappoint . the whirlpool suite be worth the extra money . we also splurge on the breakfast package the omelet be wonderful .
we come here for our anniversary and book a spa suite it take the water 15 minute to get warm and once it be warm 10 minute later you be blast with cold water . we call down to the front desk to ask for more pillow because they fall flat as soon as your head hit them the employee at ... more
very nice staff . clean comfortable room . excellent cook to order breakfast 10 buck extra but worth it . they also offer cook to order diner .
hotel be fill with loud softball team who run up and down the hotel hallway until 1 30 am . also check your door when you leave your room . our door do not shut completely and the outside exterior door remain unlocked 24 7 . this hotel need better security .
everything be great we will definitely stay here the next time we come to grove city
we stay for two night in room 323 and have a very pleasant stay . i would definitely recommend this hotel because it s clean the staff be very pleasant and the breakfast be great . if ever in the area again i would definitely stay here .
nothing spectacular . average . disappoint by breakfast there be no table available i have to wait for 15 minute . room be ok nothing really special . location be good close to restaurant and store
very nice property . room be clean and nicely decorate . only thing that could be change be to have handicap space by all entrance
love this place
my stay be great . the staff be friendly and welcoming and i even get a gift bag which make it a plus i would recommend to anyone .
this motel be locate close to where the tecumseh drama be present so it be definitely convenient for those people in town for that purpose . also the service be great motel staff member be friendly and helpful . the property itself however need some update there be a worn appearance to the suite my husband and i stay in . it didn t ... more
we be try to check in and even though they have our reservation they have no room . the customer service agent go above and beyond to help us as there really be no room at the inn . they eventually be able to secure a room
everything go very well . we request early arrival and a first floor room . all request be meet . personnel be friendly and most helpful .
great place to stay . i do a road trip with my significant other along the california coast . we start in san francisco spend the night in monterey . drive to san simeon and stay the night in atascadero . a 45 minute drive from hearst castle . the hotel be great clean and friendly staff . great location near the winery and not a ... more
just need a place to stay for the night . nothing fancy . when i arrive take 45 min to check in . there be another person and i try to check in only . the man at the desk keep stop to help everyone who would walk in leave us just stand there . even if it be just talk to the random that be walk in . when we finally check in there be nowhere to park . people who have room on the other side of the hotel be park on our side so we have no place to park . my husband have to pull behind someone to get our stuff out then drive it to the gasstation and ask if we could park there for the night and he have to walk back to the room . also there be a party go on in the next room which wasn t that big of a deal cuz they weren t loud or disturb us but because of the party they have this man that stand in front of our door try to sell us drug as soon as we walk up . everytime we walk out he keep on . i have a 10 year old daughter that be with us . call the front to let them know of this man and the guy at the desk just laugh and say oh yea he s here often he win t bother you . um i m call because he be bother me . worst hotel i ever stay at .. and i ve stay at some terrible hotel .
i live in tallahassee for over 10 year and on a recent trip back to visit friend and family i have the opportunity to stay at this wonderful hotel the room be book by my church s administrator and so i be really concerned lol but i be so pleasantly surprised . when i read the review i know that i have to ... more
the room be nice and clean . some outket didn t work and the bathroom be a little small but nice for the price
good no frill room . quiet cheap and convienent location . i will return .
don t know how this place have some many high review . the room be not well maintain or clean . the management photo be very misleading . see my attached room photo of what you really get . sticky wet floor sticky wall in the bathroom thick layer of dust blood or burn stain on the sheet ac from the 80 s that barely run ... more
i ve stay at this motel prior but this time be quite disappointing . we check in at 2 p.m. room still not completely ready . have to wait for towel bedspread till approximately 5 p.m. this be both room we reserve . bathroom could ve be cleaner . blanket under bedspread have a hole in it . find a large moth in the bathroom . tissue must ... more
the hotel be quiet exterior condition be poor interior be very nice for the price .
this be a clean and very acceptable basic motel . we get in late go to bed shower in the morning and left.the owner be friendly and easy to deal with.i would definitely consider this motel for a subsequent visit .
i travel 250 300 day a year . i ve stay in everything from the four season to ritz carlton to hovel in pakistan with bullet hole in the wall . i once walk into a room in maine that have a chalk outline of a murder victim still on the floor yeah . i check right back out ... so i have no problem ... more
i visit lodi on a series of time but my experience at this motel be bad . a lot of noise . the room be ok but not severely clean . i wouldn t stay here again
a basic dated motel . on the positive side it be very welcoming when i arrive and the room be clean and tidy . i can see the newish owner have make an effort but really the property be in need of more upgrading than it s receive .
i reserve this room on hotels.com for a quick trip to take my son to a doctor appointment . when i receive my credit card statement i discover that the hotel have also charge me . the hotel have not refund me nor have hotels.com refund me .
we book this room use marriott point . check in be chaos there be one person at the front desk and she be do several thing at once . the carpet in the hallway be dirty and thin . the laminent in the elevator be peel . the bathtub be dirty and the bathtowel be thin and scratchy . when we check out the next ... more
overall room be nice staff be nice and breakfast buffett be typical . we have 3 day with luke warm water in the am warm up later in the day so we just switch out shower to the evening . no real restaurant in walk distance and the one that be locate in the parking lot be probably one of the worst ... more
place need work . staff be not friendly other then head housekeeping and paul the bartender . bed be comfortable . for have not much in the area the price be high for a budget hotel . out date only good for one night if that
this be a nice place to stay . other than the lady at the front desk be a little grouchy i have not complaint . the room be clean . bed be very comfortable . there be not noise issue it be amazingly quiet . i would stay there again .
sorry .. guess you get what you pay for ... but a no hanger in room b. 1 chair 2 adult c. no continental breakfast d. no pool it be 100 degree when we check in ... at least the air cond work . internet pass word be long enough to be aq security code for an ibm missile ..
well maintain quiet environment comfortable bed good wi fi in room good value .
this be a great place to stay particularly for the value . it would be nice if they offer a breakfast bar .
when i first get in the room i didn t remove my jacket because it be so cold . the room take forever to heat up . the blanket be very thin . they be actual blanket not your typical hotel comforter . this would be okay if the room wasn t a freezer . this hotel do not care when you have issue with thing which be unusual but at least other hotel try to improve your experience . i get sick because the room be so cold and since i have a sore throat the next morning i call for a late checkout and of course they couldn t do it . other less important thing tv movie ordering do not work and when i call the front desk they say they would send someone and never do
great hotel restaurant and bar . close to my work destination .
horrible . never stay here . i would not have stay if it wasn t non refundable . burn hole in the blanket stain and tear all over the chair that be in the room to sit in and i even sleep in my clothe on top of the cover . seriously disgusting . never again .
the room be very clean the check in and out be great very friendly service nice area my only bad thing to say about this hotel be that they need new matresse they be very hard like sleep on concrete
there be so many mixed review for this inn . perhaps we should post the room number when we write the review . i be in room 102 with two bed . the sheet have old stain on them . there be a very musty odor to the room that be only make worse when the air conditioning be turn on . the door close ... more
great customer service
stay in the blue room . it be really cute . the inn be locate right in town so we be able to walk everywhere . the cutest little lady own the place . we have stawberry shortcake for breakfast and spend the whole time at the beach . the price be very reasonable as well . the owner even let us borrow her beach chair . we be come back for their blueberry festival . it be suppose to be huge .
we stay at the hotel while visit the usf campus . the double queen executive suite be very spacious and clean . all of the room face inward to the pool courtyard area which be very nice . the hotel restaurant burger theory have some of the best burger we have eat in a long time with very pleasant staff . the hotel offer ... more
to say that the hotel be sub par would be an understatment . the parking be good though it be a really hard turn off from the road . the front desk staff be mostly friendly one of the lady in particularly be amazing . when we be go to our room we have to go through the pool area . the pool be alright ... more
we stop here because of severe weather on our way to clearwater . the hotel room be excellent except for the shower curtain .. have mold .. everything other than that be perfect look to be newly renovate . miss that detail ..
if there be one piece of travel advice i feel most strongly about it would be go to orcas island . it s one of the most spectacular place i ve ever see and if you re go to go ... stay at rosario . it s old it s historic it s sort of iconic . we love every thing about it . the people stay on boat in the marina ... more
we stay here one night but enjoy it very much as it be close to the state park and very well keep . we would go back for sure . they be very nice and accommodating . wonderful stay in all for our family of three . it would be nice for more dining option to be nearby as those be currently limit by ... more
enjoy the bed and pillow . very comfortable and sleep very well . multiple update work go on so look forward to an even better experience next visit . wireless work very well my son play online mmo game with no complaint .
there be a state of emergency declare for the south west portion of virginia and report of bridge be wash away in radford . when i inquire whether i could cancel my reservation on the day of due to the inclement weather and not want to make the trip i be tell that i would be charge the full rate of the ... more
we have stay at this motel several time travel down to florida and return north . we be pleased to see the mgmt . be finally put some effort in the upgrade the room . room be small and use my computer be not easy . no convenient electric outlet . wifi be slow . it be also cramp in the room try to use the ... more
just look at the photo no other word be necessary ... this be in radford va don t know how this place go down hill from a year ago . move in a college student in all day get to the hotel to this ...
i stay for one night on my way to indiana . let s just say that you get what you pay for . it s be an ok stay . the room be kinda small it need several touch up on the furniture bathroom fixture the pillow be not good for the neck and the bathroom be tiny . the good thing be that the customer service be good and it be a nice location for explore around town .
front hallway light be out when we first walk into our room . super tiny bathroom but that be expect for the price . only half the floor be carpet and the remain be super cold and hard on the foot . i have my house slipper but my husband have forget his . great location in rockford if you just need an inexpensive but convenient room for the night .
this be a convenient stop on our road trip along route 90 but the quality be not as good as other red roof . we have to request soap for the shower and the sheet be wear out . there be a hole in the top sheet.thank you for share your guest experience . we be sorry your guest experience be not everything you expect or deserve . we truly hope you give us another shot in the future .
we be check in by elizabeth at the courtyard in oakland . she be very friendly professional helpful and efficient . elizabeth be the kind of person i want work for me . she represent the marriott brand superbly this be the hotel i stay at whenever i be travel from oakland airport . i love the pool area the courtyard area and the ... more
we stay at celina motel for three night . it be a very nice little motel locate less than 4 block from the lake and right on the edge of town . the room be nice and clean the bed be extremely comfortable and the bathroom be large for a motel bathroom . we be very pleased with our stay and will definately ... more
it be the worst experience . we book from hotels.com but the motel employee do not update the status of the room and we get the room didnot have hot water for shower.w hen we call to front desk they say they know it and still they have us the room . no responsibility at all .
the room on the ground floor smell smoke even though it be a non smoking room . the carpet need fo be replace . the staff be courteous . breakfast have various choice and be well stock .
comfortable and hospitable ... would definitely stay here again .... a great value
very disappointed in my visit there be no iron or iron board so i go wrinkle . they false advertise free breakfast in morning because they just switch from day inn to home stay so they didn t have license to serve food yet . i will not be back
there be dead bug on the floor of the bathroom and carpet . there be dog fur or some sort of animal fur on the furniture . there be a cigarette burn on the sheet . the room smell like mold . the comforter smell bad . i didn t see any bed bug but i be paranoid about it all night . the bed be lumpy and feel like it be go to tip off of the platform . i could not believe i pay 100 to stay in this room for a night but everything be sell out .
false advertisement . no breakfast and no iron like quote in description
we stay here for 4 night over thanksgiving . our family have one of the suite that sleep five and it be nice and spacious . you can tell the hotel be pretty new . everything be in good working order . the room layout could have be slightly improve as you really can t see the tv from the sofa . the bed linen be ... more
i accidentally book this hotel when i mean to stay downtown ... oops . but it turn out to be a really nice accident this hotel be extremely well run from top to bottom . the staff be friendly check in super easy and the hotel be very clean and nicely appoint . we also just happen to have arrive the day after they have ... more
my husband and i have a single room book for three night with all sort of confirmation number . when we arrive on friday july 19th to check in we be tell that there be no single room available and they be too small for us any way he also say hat he d give us a deal on a double . the ... more
clean room pleasant helpful staff . very convenient location . comfortable bed and free parking . very good vfm for such a central location . if you decide to stay here then do not miss the urth cafe just along main street .
be it swanky no . be it clean yes tile floor throughout mean no gross carpet . bathroom all have nice clean tile throughout . comfy bed with different pillow mean you have choice . new windows block a lot of sound . we stay in a downstairs unit but either the upstairs folk weigh less than 100 pound or the place be build when ... more
i love this little motel . at first we pick it just for the location and price . turn out to have very friendly service and clean room . it s not a 5 star but if you be a thrifty traveller you will like it . the pier and venice beach be just a 10 minute walk away . main st . have lot of cute ... more
this hotel be wonderfully locate within walk distance to many restaurant beach and shopping . it be immaculate and have free parking and wifi . the front desk be very helpful give us a general layout of the area when we check in . there be an italian gourmet type deli attach that serve amazing breakfast and lunch and a food truck gather ... more
we stay in this quaint motel for 4 night while in santa monica . prior to arrival we be toss between stay here for 2 night and then go to hollywood for 2 night . i be so happy we stay what a wonderful place . the staff very friendly and helpful a big shout out to tom who be so very helpful ... more
this be a very economical motel great location great service clean although floor could have be a little cleaner but it s tile with sandy environment so .... and free parking . close to many restaurant and pub and beach . i would def stay here again for the price point if you be not look for a fancy hotel type
i have a meeting at this hotel so it be the one that be arrange for me . my flight arrive at 11 30am and i notice by check the website the hotel doesn t have check in until 4 p.m. . i eat lunch at the airport and then call to see about an early check in . jake answer the phone and look up my reservation ... more
all employee be super friendly and accommodate the room be clean and overall an excellent experience would recommend highly . good value as well . one of the nicer hotel in anderson . close to the casino.thank you so much for your lovely feedback hope to see you soon .
i come to chicago a couple day before i could check into my convention hotel . i find this place on groupon getaway and it do not disappoint while i spend most of my day sight see the amenity go a long way in help me get my morning start . i love be able to use the wifi while sip coffee ... more
our son work in the area and decide to stay near his work rather then where he live . everyone at this best western be very pleasant . every employee would always welcome us with either a hello or good afternoon . great stay and the cinnamon roll be awesome .
i really enjoy the friendly staff and the room be very stylish and my wife feel in love with the bathroom we have the 2 bedroom suite and it be fantastic . we really look forward to spend a nice romantic stay in the next couple of week
the location be decent but some of the noise from the freeway be loud .. and some unsavory character be hang around late at night
this place be awesome . this wasn t my first time here and its even better now . the place look brand new futuristic like . the room be super clean and smell great . i didn t want to leave the room . and to top it off the service be excellent . especially the manager i think his name be byron super helpful and knowledgeable . but ... more
the hotel be very close to the freeway in fact we look down on the off ramp . look like they be still update but the bathroom really need help
staff be friendly . however they charge my debit card 3 time then when i actually get there to check in they take my credit card and charge it once . breakfast be okay . mostly carbs . tv didn t work at first until the next day someone come to fix it . no iron board in the room . be kinda noisy outside with other ... more
rude man at check in no cable or internet for 1 1 2 day dirty sheet staff not helpful no coffee horrible stay
room 11 . one queen and a double . place be clean and the bed be comfortable . i have a brand new stearns and foster and i sleep just as good here as at home . no amenity but i just want a bed for on the way to pagosa spring .
the green tree inn in elsah il . be the perfect place to relax and unwind from the hustle of every day life . the town village itself be enchanting with it s quaint historic home and the people who live there couldn t be friendlier . definitely a place to visit and enjoy . our accommodation at the green tree bed and breakfast be first class .... more
elsah be charm . the inn be a very short walk from the river and a view of the bluff . our room be very comfortable and spacious . the inn keeper give us coupon for wine at the grafton winery and restaurant where we enjoy the sunset over the mississippi . breakfast be wonderful . i wish we could have stay another night
this be the fifth time that we ve stay at this bb and it be just as charming as the first . connie and gary be such gracious host there be always plenty to eat at breakfast someone at our table have three serving of connie s pumpkin pancake and it wasn t me and i just love the afternoon treat that be prepare from ... more
arrive at 6 p.m. staff have no idea what room be clean and what be not have reservation for a king size room try to give me a double queen finally have find me a king room more to follow . ok we get an upgrade king room have a pull out bed also . room be clean and look good . well we ... more
this hotel be absolute garbage . from the quality of the room to the entire staff absolutely nothing hold up to standard you would expect from a 4 star hotel . good luck if you want to actually make it to the airport on time their shuttle service be a complete joke .
staff be friendly and efficient especially when transport to and from the airport . service be quicker than use the long term parking at the airport . we will definitely stay here again when fly out of kc airport . bed be comfortable and for the price it be nicer than other place we have stay . our only complaint be the bathroom floor ... more
the room there be very nice and i will be glad to return there again for a visit . the motel customer service be excellent and very nice people make you feel at home at all time . the comodation be absolutely incredible . thank ramada inn .
this be my second stay with a ramada brand hotel . i have such high hope for our stay since the previous ramada we stay with be such a good experience unfortunately i can not say the same for this stay . at check in the desk clerk be in my opinion very ill mannere almost rude like she want to hurry us ... more
park and fly be good . staff recommend a great place to eat . shower head not work well . need to update mattress .
we book this hotel for one night follow a wedding shower in the kansas city area . because of multiple sporting event in kc there be virtually no hotel room to be find in kc on this particular weekend . we be lucky to find a vacancy at this hotel in paola which turn out to be a wonderful place to sleep ... more
room clean digital check in upon arrival be less than 60 second . worth the time saving and convenience . room be clean ad set up conveniently for comfort . this be my second experience with digital check in and find it convenient and easy
stay at this hotel for 4 night during our visit to virginia last year . check in be easy front desk staff be friendly and helpful and spot on with their recommend spot to eat . indoor pool be a plus being from south florida we need a pool . this hotel be such that as we plan our winter vacation for 2016 ... more
the reason i choose this motel be it be the least expensive motel in the area with a total cost with all taxis and fee of about 70.00 a night . though not expensive it be a higher end price especially for a motel and for that you would expect to have a very decent to excellent motel room . that be ... more
this motel look like it be once a family gather place . there be an old swing set and gazebo . the theatre theme in the room be give way to an update of the decor . the motel be our stopover between dive on the osprey . there be not much choice in town unless you look to a bed and breakfast or ... more
everyone at this hotel be top notch . very friendly personable accommodate and helpful . the suite be more than expect and pleasantly satisfy . the only thing i d improve on be the lighting in the room .
you really don t need to leave this hotel between check in and check out except of course we do . my initial reaction be that it s one of the quietest place we ve ever stay . service be excellent . food be excellent . check in and out be pleasant experience . staff be pleasant . our room be beautifully furnish bed very comfortable bathroom nicely appoint and spacious .... more
i think the hotel be clean and comfortable . the woman at the front desk be very pleasant and helpful . we love the shower
we come to this hotel to relax and sit in the hot tub . we get there and find out they have take out the hot tub . the young kid run up down the hall all night long and nothing be do about it . you can t tell me that in a small hotel like this one the front desk didn t ... more
we stay at this hotel because it be in boone iowa and we have a visitation there and a funeral the next morning . it be clean but we do have some issue . the smaller coffee pot 5 cup be nice to have in the room but it didn t work correctly . the bathroom be clean but the tub have a really slow drain . there be a clock radio in the room but it wasn t set to the correct time a personal pet peeve so i have to set it and it be really difficult to figure out and then it be bolt down to the table with only about 3 4 leeway on the cord so we also couldn t move it out a little bit to be able to see the time if either of us wake up during the night again a personal issue . however the breakfast in the morning be really well stocked ... basic continental breakfast food with 2 waffle maker ... so not very varied but be good . staff be in and out make certain that there be enough food out and clean off table that have be use . if you need to stay in boone it would be alright as long as that be all that you be expect . otherwise i would suggest stay in ame and drive over since it isn t all that far away .
clean room . no frill .
only have to change room once no a c here be a few other issue no tv wifi break bathroom door dripping water toilet run . employee be nice they tell me i would get a good discount if i stay . still wait
we get to the hotel about an hour or two early and ask if we could check in early and the receptionist say no not until check in time . understand so me and my friend grab food . we get back to the hotel and check in . we walk into our first room and it be a disaster . there be hole in the bed sheet and they have a rank smell . we go back to the front desk and change our room . in the second room the bed sheet have black stain and rip in them . so i go back to the front desk and change again . the third room one of the bed have hole and rip in the bed sheet . i go back to the front desk and express my frustration . she say she would have a house maid change the bed sheet . the next morning when we go to shower there be only 1 bath towel in the shower . we call the front desk and they say they would have towel to our room quickly . about 30 40 min later a hotel maid come to our door and hand us a small face hand towel say all the other towel be get wash right now . this be the worst hotel experience i have ever have .
i be happy consider i use to live in flint and i m wary about the hotel there . everything be clean and in good condition . shower be hot and staff be nice . area be very convenient .
the room be not clean and smell of smoke . we do not stay and they would not refund us as we be tell that we pay online and could not be refund .
i ve be stay here for many year when i take in the des moines opera at simpson college in indianola . this be very convenient to the campus and town in general . reasonably price . i usually stay 3 night . very convenient to des moine also .
i be travel to the coast to take an exam at cuesta and didn t want to pay a lot but want to be safe . i be at the college in less than 10 minute the next morning . i find the staff to be very friendly and helpful . i get in late and they go out of their way to make ... more
we come to warner robins with our team for the state wrestling tournament and enjoy our weekend trip due to this lovely place machonda be very sweet and give us direction to the nearest atm . the room be nice and i love that we be give the option of fluffy or firm pillow
we stay the night at this hotel the night before our family reunion . i make reservation so i take the blame for this . the room be exactly what it look like on the picture . it be clean . there be a smell in the room that i still can not determine . there be many people in the parking lot . it look as ... more
the hotel be decent but lack pizazz . its kind of stuck in the 70 s. however its still clean functional and a budget friendly place to lay your head for a night or two . do not expect a lot for what your paying . your not go to pay much so your not go to get much .
i call to cancel my reservation because i book in the wrong place . the guy do not understand what i be say then respond with we charge already before he rudely hang up on me . i need to book in thomson ga and not thomaston.sir sorry you late call and we busy all most full and i hold room . thank sam
stay at argosy july 9 11 2015 with my 3 kid 17 15 13 . the so so stuff first then the positive room be adequate but need detail maintenance . beautiful shower be as picture but shower door didn t close all the way and molding water guard be hang off . so floor pretty wet after use . sink be not clean i clean myself with towel ... more
i be hesitant about book this room but only need a hotel for one night before head to panama city beach but get a good price so decide to go ahead and stay here and we end up be very pleased the room be very clean and spacious have a wonderful siting area and a nice pool that the kid ... more
this place be and absolute dump they be in the middle of renovating and they try to put me in a room that have not be renovate yet . everything and everyplace you look the place be filthy motel 6 would even be a better place to stay than this place ... more
we stay here to go to the legoland discovery center . the hotel provide free transportation to phipps plaza and complimentary breakfast so that be great . i would recommend this hotel for family . it s clean and the staff be amazing .
everything about this hotel be excellent check in and check out be super fast and easy i use the mobile app . every staff member we encounter be friendly and helpful . i love the shuttle driver yacob . the complimentary shuttle be a great service . breakfast be standard but good . the room be spacious and the layout be nice . the location of the hotel ... more
the staff be great very nice people clean room and a very plentiful kitchen stalk with food . the front desk be small but the people be most gracious . they offer immediate help and hospitality . i highly recommend them . i stay in room 311 and have a great stay very good motel extremely nice to child of all age ... more
stay at this motel while race at maryhill loop . room be very dated but clean and the breakfast wasn t great but at least you get something and if you be not keen to eat the food there be plenty of other place to eat nearby . this motel be great for a stop off when travel or for a couple of ... more
quality inn s service be the best of all the hotel i have stay in my last trip . location wise hotel be well place next to the freeway hotel room be very spacious . breakfast spread be basic . hotel have ample parking .
stay there with the kid 6 of us total . room be spacious and pull out couch be wonderful . nice kitchen type area with frig and sink . would choose again .
ok but the room be not what i expect as far as comfort no microwave small bathroom cleaniless could be better
my trip to san antonio couldn t have go better the hotel staff be super friendly room be nice and free breakfast be great . plus hotel be really close to six flag i would definitely book here again .
the staff be courteous and attentive to us the room be nice have a privacy wall and be big enough for a family of four .
i would recommend this hotel to anyone visit san antonio the room be so spacious and comfortable to be in . large living area with comfortable couch and big tv . breakfast be great with plenty of option to choose from . the front desk staff and maintenance clean people be so friendly and kind . my husband and i be very pleased with our stay thank you
the staff be friendly and helpful . the room be spacious and comfortable but the hotel be very old so bathroom be old the bathroom door lock be miss on the room we stay on . one of the exit door handle be break almost fall off the door and hallway floor look dirty .
good hotel with courteous staff . good size room but very small bathroom . close to downtown and major highway .
we only stay one night but everything be great . very nice room . i be nurse a leg injury and they be kind enough to accommodate my request for a room with an accessible bathroom .
nice hotel with a lovely pool . near to newport beach . it be on a busy intersection and be hard to get in and out of . otherwise the room be quiet and clean . the restaurant be pleasant but the service be slow even though they be not busy . easy access to john wayne airport .
check out a day and a half early due to bed bug . no other vacancy there but i don t think i would accept another room there anyway .
the clerk ask me to make a reservation for my associate through trip advisor . save 35 thank trip advisor . once my associate get to the hotel the clerk then ask me to verify the credit card that i d give trip advisor . he be friendly and quick . my associate be there two day . he say the breakfast be tasty and he ... more
i generally use lowest cost accommodation so often use motel 6 . they tend to range from ok to a great deal . this one be absolutely the worst one i have ever use . i have the impression that it be about to fall apart and someone be milk the last few dollar from a decaying structure . when i walk down the ... more
location good right off turnpike . carpet in hallways need to be replace long ago.air conditioner do not work but the friendly staff move us to another room immediately .
a room with a queen size bed be only 36 include tax . the motel be old but they do keep it up and the room be clean . have good wifi in the room and a ref microwave . large well light parking area and it be quiet . i will stay here again .
let see ... where to begin . perhaps it be the dust storm create on a windy day by the unpaved lot next door that create a scene from the grape of wrath as the joads outran a duststorm that literally almost obliterate the hotel . perhaps it be the bathroom urine smell that greet you as you enter the lobby the 1970s carpet ... more
this hotel be good in all respect . the only complaint i can think of be the heating system in the room be a little too noisy . the staff be extremely courteous and helpful . the breakfast be great and the room be very comfortable . no complaint other than the one i first mention . you will like stay here .
bad value for the price . room be dirty carpet stain and curtain tear . breakfast be adequate well prepared . have to report noisy tenant on the floor above they finally go to sleep or pass out ... not certain staff do anything about the problem . exterior be litter and need clean up .
the exterior and lobby be very unappealing . very blah . the room be better update and clean . however at least 3 time water pipe clang and thunke . one time be during the night and it wake of us . not happy about that . the area around the hotel be only fair looking .
check in be fantastic the room be clean . they have a fantastic pool for kid which be great since we have a two year old . it be close to most of the major attraction . they have a variety of breakfast item to choose from . we will definitely stay again
room be ready upon check in and hotel room be very big nice clean room with comfortable bed . after a long day of scuba diving it be wonderful to go and relax in the hot tub . breakfast wasn t very good though . pool food quality and not very good selection .
pubic hair lay on tub next to shampoo bottle all week . when stay all week room only get clean twice a week . i have be on the road for 25 yrs never have my room clean only twice a week . cob webs on ceiling . didn t pay 40 a night either i would have expect this at that price .
the place be a dump . room be filthy and look like it wasn t clean . i stand at the front desk for 5 minute before she even acknowledge me . the room be musty and be almost afraid to lie down on the sheet because of bedbug . stay anywhere else but here . this place should be condemn .
the carpet be dirty . coffee in the morning be cold . chain lock on the door be go . reserve it for three adult . only two towel and no blanket or sheet for sofa bed .
not pleasant at all . loud noise and voice after midnight . parking lot and stair in a very bad condition . people who check me in and out seem to be too busy and in a bad mood .
worst place i ve ever stay . toilet leak shower faucet be break . so noisy be like sleep on the highway . bed old and not comfortable . weird people lurk around . i just can t even explain how terrible it be except to say i recommend t they just bulldoze the whole thing .
the purpose of my trip be to attend the wedding and reception of a friend s daughter . i be only drive up for this and be not concerned about luxury and amenity . from the picture etc . that i view on line it look like a good place for a brief stay . however the whole hotel be in great need of maintenance work . the metal walkway and step outside the room be rusty . the bathtub be old caulk need mildew stain on a plastic towel holder . there be water spot on the sink handle when we arrive . towel and washcloth provide be threadbare . cigarette butts litter the parking lot and the metal walkway and step . the advertise continental breakfast be definitely bare bone bread bagel and waffle to pop in a toaster cold cereal and milk muffin coffee tea and orange juice available . no yogurt or fresh fruit . have i not prepay for the room i would not have stay . my friend and i decide to wait to shower or bathe until we d do the four hour drive home .
i could not stay because the room that be give to my family and i be dirty and with a bad smell . the sheet have yellow dirty spot and to add to all this the air conditioner do not work . the hotel do not want to give my money back but when i call hotel.com they take care of everything to me . i ve get my refund .
we stop in here for a night s stay due to the fact they have a vacancy . we have already be in the area for 2 night but our hotel be already book when we want to extend our stay we stop in the office to check the rate for the night and the gentleman who i think be the owner ... more
we stay 3 night visit family near there and at check in we have to ask front desk to switch one room due to moldy smell the staff be very accommodating and do so right away . the other room we have have peel bath tub scratch and stain toilet not dirty but wear out but the bed be comfortable and ... more
we travel to tarpon spring for two reason three business meeting and a dear friend s 75th birthday celebration . the hotel staff member be very nice and helpful . the hotel be lovely and clean and our room be comfortable and accomodating . the free hot breakfast be an unexpected bonus quality inn tarpon springs be certainly a budget friendly conveniently locate hotel and it totally exceed our expectation we will definitely consider stay there for future business and personal trip to tarpon .
it be ok
old run down furniture room need to be repaint peel paint curtain rip and dirty carpet ok but room be not as clean as it should be . only good item in room be bed tv refrigerator microwave balcony room shower head . bathroom wasn t properly clean and definitely need to be spruce up . facility itself be nice with attractive lobby pool convenient .
my wife and i be hope for clean and find it to be extremely well keep . the gentleman that check us in be very friendly as well . locate in a great location to visit the local bar and restaurant . we would stay again .
very disappointed . motel be clean but lacked amenity . i be charge 79 for a friday night stay . they advertise 60 for double occupancy . be tell weekend rate be 10 higher will not recommend this motel .
we come to the dell every summer . we look to stay place downtown off the beaten path of the resort . indian trail be excellent pool and grill area be great . my husband and i love play shuffleboard and badminton on property with the kid . there be a nice woode area to walk around in evening . also the morning of our ... more
my husband and i plan a last minute trip and choose this motel base on review . it be a favorite the room include bathroom be very clean . bed be comfortable with crisp sheet that be so appreciate after a long day of activity . pool along with hot tub and sauna be clean and all work perfectly . it be conveniently locate .... more
i stay at this hotel about a month before this stay and be not impressed . they be under construction so i decide to try it again . when i make the reservation they make sure to tell me they be still under construction . i say i understand and all i be really look to do be sit by the pool for ... more
i stay here as part of my job as a professional pilot . have get an emergency call to take some people to a very small town in virginia so they could repair a piece of their customer s equipment i have only a very short amount of time to research option and this be the request airport in which to fly .... more
everyone go above and beyond to ensure my stay be comfortable .
a clean and well keep place with a friendly staff . easy on off from i 77 good breakfast close to restaurant and next door to a gas station . a better quality inn would surely stay again . neal ellen e
stop in at the last minute one night as we be travel through the area . we could not have be more pleased the room be super clean and comfortable . the staff be very pleasant and accommodating . continental breakfast be hot and just enough before we continue on or way
our stay be great we have stay there a few time and love it each time . the staff be very nice and helpful the room be always very clean and comfortable . really enjoy the indoor pool and the breakfast .
the hotel stay be great other then check in . the girl at check in be very rude which start off the stay their unpleasant . the room be very clean and comfortable . the breakfast in the morning be great .
hotel be very clean and staff be very friendly . the location be close to the mall and the airport . indoor pool update room enjoy my stay and will use again and recommend as a great choice of property .
we have a nice room the front desk be very courteous recommend a restaurant and give direction to location we be go the next . the breakfast be very good . we do not use the pool . xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
room clean rate decent . didn t try breakfast . bed not so comfortable . ok if you re look for a place to sleep and not a vacation spot . we have stay here several time over the past 10 year and the quality have improve .
very nice hotel in a good location . staff be pleasant and welcoming . i be hilton s guest of the day which be a pleasant surprise i love hampton inns and find them to be a great value . breakfast be an additional bonus .
stay here on an april saturday night . check in be easy . lobby be spotless and front desk staff be courteous friendly and fast . my room be very large even by hampton standards . the hotel look fairly new so everything be in tip top shape . the next morning a housekeeper greet me in the hall and ask how my stay be and ... more
review on tripadvisor be very good for this place and the price be quite low . . . so we think we would take a chance on it . we stay here on the sunday night before memorial day 2016 after be in vegas the prior night and be at crowded zion national park and less crowded cedar break national monument ... more
room be adequate and clean.good location in center of town . front desk be very unfriendly . his child son be more helpful . breakfast be a joke . coffee and juice . there be better choice to be have in cedar city .
we be head to canada at the beginning of august and couldn t find anywhere to stay . we have be drive already for 11hrs and it be almost midnight when we find this motel . they be close already but the vacancy sign be still on . they still give a us a room and the price be awesome . the room be clean .... more
the bwskyline motor lodge be a very relaxing place to stay the staff be alway very friendly and will help in anyway they can . the lobby be always welcome . the room be clean and comfortable . i would recommend the bw skyline motel to anyone
i arrive in town with several motel choice . i call the owner and he be wonderful he give a great price for a fantastic room . i love the town as well . lot to see and do include fossil hunting . great people too . a wonderful visit
very clean hotel but staff from the minute check in just feel like they have better thing to do with their time and really would rather be somewhere else . we would ask them question and they either ignore us or their person conversation be more important . will not be stay there again .
great stay comfortable bed staff be friendly and helpful . the pool and hot tub be nice too .
when i first arrive at this motel i do not realize what i be get my self into the first night be ok no major problem no more than to be expect from a motel right next to a bar . although after the time i have to live there 2 month i find out that the sewer back up into ... more
just dreadful and scary . be travel alone with my dog . we be so tired just need somewhere to rest . what a filthy room and the door do not shut tightly you could see light through it ... which wasn t too huge a problem until i be awake in the middle of the night to loud party or something which quickly turn into ... more
wake up to many red itchy bite all over my body . i m so disgusted . front counter guy be very rude noisy child laugh talk in the middle of the night . stay in room 223 in the bed closest to the window so if you have to stay here make sure it s not in that room .
... without the hassle of be downtown . nestled in san marco one block from hendricks ave . this cozy little hideaway be well worth look for . the hotel be just far enough away from the traffic yet so close to everything if you re willing to be creative . for instance if you want to head to downtown jacksonville and the northbank riverwalk you ... more
as always extremely satisfied with my stay at hilton hotel great quality and customer service the price be afforable well worth it for the luxury and quality of the hotel and amenity . i will recommend this hotel to anyone .
this be always a great hotel neat clean courteous staff great breakfast quiet so you can get a good night sleep overall one of the best if not the best hotel i ve ever stay at.thank you so much for your review of our hotel and staff . we appreciate your feedback . we hope to see you again in decatur in .
wonderful place refrigerator microwave and safe in our room clean and pleasant staff . wonderful breakfast with two choice of pancake you could make very helpful in the breakfast area and with information about the area stay closer to bardstown would have be nicer
building and furniture old and worn . look scary from the street . nothing match . new mattress on bed and room be clean even the a.c . filter i always check . ok if you be a guy just look to sleep somewhere cheap .
this motel be clean quiet have a c flatscreen tv cable and well light parking . it also have free wi fi ... which i be use right now . best of all for a non special sunday night we pay 58 for 2 adult 2 child . decor style who care .... the bed and room be comfortable .
totally disgusting room smell of mold . flush the toilet and water leak all over the floor . go to the desk and the jerk hand me a towel and a bucket to catch the leak then they charge us twice but my bank cancel the second charge . don t even think about go there
the property be very nice and well care for on a daily basis . complimentary breakfast very good . staff very friendly . they be rate by aaa . property to walk around . restaurant close by with good food . pool and hot tub . the only problem that i have be that i use a pre pay travel card for the room . they put a ... more
grand haven michigan be one of those place that have remain great over time . it combine history with the present for those in for business or leisure . the beacon inn enhance this experience by provide clean update lodging with extra available if desire . the staff be happy and around . there s a great computer if one doesn t want to set up ... more
comfortable clean and quite . the gentleman at the front desk phone after my wife and i be in the room for a few minute to make certain we have no problem and be happy with the room . friendly people . great bed . excellent breakfast . have a pool but didn t use it . the hotel be not downtown so the room be quiet .... more
the management and staff at this hotel go above and beyond ... in town for a family emergency and the staff couldn t have be more understanding and cordial .. very professional while be very caring as well ... the property be well run and very clean as well
my stay here be what i expect . the staff be friendly enough and the hotel be pretty clean . the parking can be tricky because when i arrive after 6p it seem to be pretty full . if you do not have diamond level status then you may have to park far away from an entrance exit . a plus though be that there ... more
near i 55 and restaurant shopping movie . staff be very friendly . room be nice and fresh . the toiletry they provide be neutrogena which be of good quality . the small executive center be nice and printout be free .
hampton inn be the best hotel we ve ever visit . the bed be so comfortable . the complimentary breakfast be delicious and include protein food . the hotel staff be obviously carefully choose and well train . they be all very friendly and helpful . we feel so welcome . i would highly recommend the hampton inn to everyone .
i be in sierra vista for 8 month work a gov t contract at fort huachuca . the quality inn be the only hotel that accept the clc card . very unfortunate for me the hotel need a lot of repair and upgrade . the location be perfect just down the street from the mall shop and restaurant . interior carpet need replace . have trouble ... more
the room be clean and quiet even with the freeway right across the street . breakfast be ok but nothing to write home about . it have an indoor heated pool but it must of be heat by the moon because we didn t feel the heat only from the jacuzzi . other than a cool pool we have a great trip .
this be a nice stop for the first night of our vacation . the hotel be easy to get to off i 77 and we find the hotel to be very clean . we be impressed with the layout of the room which more modern than most hotel . the price for the night be a great value and breakfast be very good with ... more
the room be a nice size and very well decorate . the bathroom be very nice and well lite and easy to put my makeup on . the bed be comfortable and my husband get a good night sleep . the breakfast area be nice and well decorate there be good selction of hot food . there be a family restaurant on the hotel ... more
nasty rude man at desk . dark old smelly room on back side of motel picture on trip advisor can t be of room 170 . check in but tell them i couldn t stay there . pool have bug in it and dirt on the bottom . room be very dark and very outdated . i didn t feel like i would be able to sleep there .... more
my husband and i be here for a vacation . the fishing and weather have not be the greatest but this resort be . clean cabin . great look pool . very close to town . the best part it the amazing view from our cabin coffee on front porch watch the sun come up to cocktail watch the sunset . oh and we watch a ... more
my husband and i stay with the tass family for a week in august 2012 . the tass family allow us into their life to see how their ranch operate and to enjoy beautiful scenery from their horse . if you want a guest ranch where you get to be part of the family and without strict schedule choose this one there ... more
i stay at this hotel for 4 night for a sport event in nashville . i have a positive experience with this hotel which i will tell you in a minute . but i also have some negative experience with this hotel and i feel i have to mention both experience as a responsive top tripadvisor contributor . positive the room be big ... more
we be very happy with the quality and cleanliness of the hotel . when shell out money for a hotel these be important thing for me . yet i don t want to pay high end price to get them . this hotel have meet these thing at the right price .
difficult to find with few sign and not visible from the road .
everything be very good but pool look bigger in the picture and control the room temperature to be comfortable .
quick stay but the room and breakfast be a welcome surprise nice shopping area in the vicinity but we have other plan .
the hotel be ok decent bed but very old decor and cheap can not find place to put bath amenity there be one small sink which have no space . the housekeeping do not change sheet everyday she cut herself and leave all her bloody on the sheet and comforter so terrible . overall the room look cheap .... would not go back .
i have stay at the holiday inn twice both time we have problem with the room . the first time it be the room that be dirty use condom on the floor find by my grandchild they do not come in to clean the room until 10 30pm.on july 3 2011 i also reserve 2 adjoin room . the outside of the hotel be a mess . the plant and tree be all dead . the inside be be remold and be okay . they worker keep it nice and clean . the girl at the front desk do not seem to know what they be do it take two of them to figure where we be suppose to stay and how to charge us . i end up get overcharge for the room and to make matter worse i be double charge . when i call them i leave a message for the someone to call me back . they say it would be in a half hour . well one and a half hour later i have to call . they would not put me through to the manager . they even hang up on me . mind you i be not that upset at that time . i just wwante to get someone to take care of the problem without me have to tell 5 people . give me the right one the first time . i finally get the desk manager and she want to call me back i tell her no i would not take that chance . she say she would look it up and call me back . now i be wait for her call . wish me luck now mind you the hotel be be remodel and that be fine . but the pool area be dirty there be glass on all of the table and towel lay around . actually we should pick up after ourselfs . the water be not clean and not clear . we do take our towel out of the room with us and take them back in . we ask the desk for clean one and we get them right away bring to our room . it be 1 p.m. when we be in the pool . this holiday inn be the olny hotel close to my brother house . but believe me next time will stay somewhere esle . i may have to drive further but maybe i will have a better stay
i think it would be nicer than best western or comfort inn since it s by sheraton but it s not . the room size be about the same i get double bed . there s no free breakfast . there s not much establishment around the area . better go to downtown san jose . it s still a nice clean hotel with comfy bed and pillow . i d still recommend it because it s affordable . maybe i expect too much .
our trip be for business . we find the staff to be very helpful . we would stay there again .
my girlfriend and i drive down to vienna to visit a sorority sister for the weekend . love the residence inn . the room be clean the breakfast be great and every staff member we encounter be friendly and pleasant . from the check in to the check out and the girl hustling when there be a breakfast rush on sunday she ... more
we be smell cigarette smoke in our room and proceed to open both window and the door . it really didn t help so we go into the hall and determine it must be come from the room across from us and into the vent . we call the desk they send a man up and he say he could not knock on ... more
need update . no microwave or fridge like show in the photo .
very friendly staff . room provide ultimate comfort for relaxation .
good
red roof inn be 100 smoke free but that doesn t prevent people from smoke right outside their door and therefore talk every hour in a half outside your door too and the smell of smoke that surround you every time you walk out or in . the room be what you pay for location be right off the highway so convenient it be 10 to 15 minute away from everything .
nice cute place to stay for a while . love it
have a bad experience here . bug be crawl up the curtain and the cieling . i kill a few and housekeeping didn t even clean the mess . aweful . i should have take pic .
staff be courteous and room be very clean . watch out for the 1.50 insurance charge for the room safe . never see that one before and do not like that i have to request at checkout that it be remove rather than at check in .
we love everything about this place . the location the history the unique flora and fauna funky cool building great owner scott and cathryn be like your favorite aunt and uncle . the floor creak the bathroom be down the hall the door stick .... these be just more thing we love about it talk about character this place have it . if you love ... more
sad to say we take my sister in law and her family there on mother s day and get the worst service in history . we get in and tell to sit in a corner and oblige . it tookthirty minute before the server to bring water with no menus . then when ask it take her another 15 minute to retrieve those . after ... more
just spend three night over the fourth of july . i be 83 so climb the narrow steep back stair be a little difficult . always seem to be a very musty smell when come in that door . and forget the bathroom at the far end of the hall . big deep claw foot tub . impossible for me to get in or ... more
great dining great amenity comfy room i be super happy with my experience and i will definitely be back if not for personal travel then definitely for work event . very much look forward to return .
my family move to freehold in 1967 . we still have friend and favorite eating spot federici s in the area . have to travel to nearby for a family birthday party and take advantage of the hotel proximity for some nostalgic exploration . what a great find nice front desk greeting clean and well appoint room and on site bar . very clean very modern . one ... more
this be a return trip back here and we be still very pleased with our stay . check in be quick and easy . our room be well appoint and immaculate . my only complaint be out sleep number bed which be pretty much like sleep on some rock . to adjust it a horribly loud noise come out . but i understand they be ... more
hotel check in be fast and easy .. room be clean and very consistent .. we do room service for breakfast and the food be hot and on time .. check out be even easier just leave key in room . the staff be friendly and very accommodating which make for a relax stress free stay . we have stay here many time 10 and it ... more
this be an excellent place to stay when i be visit my son and his family that live close by . we stay for nearly a week and so we take a suite which turn out to be a great choice for us . the little kitchen be perfect for our need and the small sitting area provide us with a bit ... more
it be an amazing stay . the hotel staff and facility be amazing . i be here for a wedding and everything be excellent . we check in early . we we be treat very well . the staff be very attentive . i see . recommend .
always delightful . professional and convenient
i have pleasure of deal with the most professional sweetest person in the hotel industry . it be very stressful time with plan son s wedding arrange for room and breakfast the next day deanna take all anxiety fear and take the bull by the horn and make everything one of the most beautiful day of my life . i have be ... more
terrible terrible ..... a guard be rude and nasty . worst hotel stay of my life and on my daughter s wedding .
deanna ricioppo the room sale rep take the time to search for the reservation we need . she return phone call and answer email the same day . we call a few hotel for a 2 month short stay and deanna be clearly the best . we book it with deanna and would recommend her to all our family friend . andy s ... manalapan ... more
i have have to stay here quite a few time over the past few year . staff nice room clean nice bed etc etc . but . terrible acoustic mean you hear everything . and as they have wedding party every weekend you have to suffer noise and disruption from wedding guest stay in the hotel . up until 5 a.m. at time . no sleep for me . smoking and drink outside the front lobby and no one to stop them until i phone at 2 a.m. to complain . where be the noise come from i be ask right in front of you i say . they need to manage this . not put non wedding guest on floor with guest and they should put polite notice up about noise . during the week fine but avoid the weekend unless you like be keep up all night .
my dad recently stay at the radisson hotel in freehold and be extremely pleased with the level of service . the front desk be extraordinarily helpful to him and the room be extremely clean and the bed be a sleep number bed which he be rave about . he come to freehold to visit several time a year and will make ... more
i be on the ground floor . the slam door be horrible wake me up all night i be a very sound sleeper . then the second night there be a wedding . talk scream door slam all night until 4 a.m. . then outside my window people be gather and also talk all night .
the room have a very comfortable bed and a nice rain shower . the room be the perfect size and not too cramp . the fitness center be very nice . it have a lot of hand weight which be rare for a hotel gym . the food drink from the restaurant be great . the hotel overall be very clean and very convenient to shopping ... more
this hotel be fabulous . the staff be very much customer service centric . they make my stay better . the room be nice and wifi reliable . they offer great place to visit and eat while there . this hotel be not pricey and highly recommend .
the cedars motel have what you need to vacation in st . ignace . it be a clean motel to rest your head at the end of a day of sightseeing . tim kathy be a great help with explain the area attraction and how to get there and any construction that may delay you . the kid love sit by the fire ... more
we have be here several time once when the current owner have just purchase it . they go out of their way to make us comfortable then . this year we return to many renovation make it the cleanest place we have be in . they have maintain the history and charm of this old building . we call augusta the last frontier for ... more
this be not augusta ga this be definitely augusta montana maybe 300 people 3 bar and one gas station and a spectacular view of the rocky mountain the room be efficient all you need clean and the decor take you back in time . for a very old hotel with two spotless share bathroom at a very reasonable price this place ... more
love this condo property . nice amenity unit be very clean and spacious . would certainly recommend especially for family with kid
exceptional stay . be only 1 night but nice little hidden gem here . it s actually condo setup that require lock box code from office . easy check in fully kitchen be very nice pool awesome . very nice stay overall
take family for quick getaway . get great last minute deal on this property . kid really enjoy the ground and clubhouse be nice touch . unit be very clean overall we really enjoy ourselves . we would certainly recommend to anyone interested . thank again
keep get bit by something in the bed not sure if it be bed bug or not .
the bathroom stunk . carpet dirty . the front clerk be not very nice . restaurant close early . snow plowing be poor and the person plow be not pay attention very well .
my room or hallway do not smell funny the staff be friendly helpful and there wasn t any loud noise or unruly guest . i have hotwater and the heater work . as far as the room itself you get what you pay for .. no hanger old furniture poor tv reception wifi . the bed be comfortable enough . if you just need a place to crash or need to save this place work . thing that make me giggle the phone in the room be from the marriot in another state the sheet that have the list of tv channel have a different hotel name on it the advertisement for a pizza place that will deliver to your room have relocate and no longer do the keycard do not have the inn s name on it but do have another pizza advertisement different place all over it again say they will deliver to your room ya no its out of the area .
first off they way over charge me . bed be terrible have cigarette burn in the comforter . entry way to room smell terrible . stain and trash on the floor . safe be not functional . toilet be stain . there be mold on the window drape . emergency exit would not shut or lock . cigarette butts all over the ground out side of the room . pool be not functional . trash on room patio . there be a bullet hole in a window .
it be so dark and desert look when we drive up we think it be close up . i book online and they couldn t find my reservation . i should have walk away but it be 1 30am we have be to a concert and there be no room in milwaukee due to summerfest . the room be so dirty we leave our shoe ... more
fight outside the room dirty room mold room tv only have two work channel i win t come back better experience first time
i choose this microtel because i have stay here before about eight year ago and it be very nice . at the time it typify a microtel clean efficient comfortable modern . this particular microtel have go downhill . the wall above the closet be damage the tub be wear and the plumbing under the sink be disgustingly filthy . there be a number of lodging option within a block the next time i need to stay in this area i will use one of them .
the hotel clerk check someone else into our room and we be awake in terror at 1 am by someone attempe to enter our room their key open the door but we have the slide lock closed . never have a problem with microtel in the past but this be so far beyond unacceptable that we will never stay at one again .
comfortable bed for the night . my first impression be quite good for the price . then i open the closet door and discover the garbage from a previous guest ancient pizza in box use plate use napkin stack inside . look like it have be there a long long time . it s amazing how fast your impression of a place can change . wish the person at the desk have be a little more concerned about it when i tell her . i do not leave with a great impression of the place .
rate be reasonable and service be good i have be stay at micro hotel in henrietta and victor n y. at different time for few year and will continue to do so in the future .
we truck driver get block n due whete make us park . be tell pay another night or leave . well since trk be block hsd pay anoyher night . piss off
it s a budget stay .... sleep shower have a bagel and coffe in the morning . see no pest . staff be great . price be fair . would stay again . especially if try to save money . area be very good for all attraction
i didn t mind the small room but i didn t like that it be old and dirty . ick . i honestly couldn t wait to check out in the morning . the hallways have a heavy smoke smell and then my room have a heavy perfume smell . what be they try to cover up to top it off the wall be paper thin . not ... more
very good stay for what i spend
it be not the best but its a great price .... bed be comfy pillow be nice .... and they have free breakfast i think its a good hotel if your look to be somewhere near the park withot have to pay resort or in park hotel resort price
we book this hotel not really know what to expect with all the mixed review . we be pleasantly surprised . we book the jnr suite with two queen bed and a kitchenette in the middle . small toiletry item be provide but you will need to provide your own dish soap . the room be very large and you don t feel like you be ... more
the hotel be nicer than i think .also a good location to the area i be visit on my trip.enjoyed their continental breakfast they have lot of variety of food .
our first impression be that the hotel be just run down . our room have break furniture disintegrate drywall and wood an air conditioner that leave a grow shopping wet puddle and bed a pillow that no one would find comfortable . the continental breakfast consist of slice of bread waffle bagel fruit loop and apple . to bad for you if you be gluten intolerant or just want some protein for breakfast . the free shuttle only pick up twice a day and would leave on our before the schedule time so you have better be there early . you still may not get on because it s just a large van and they have to call a second shuttle for you to wait for . the hotel staff could be rude and curt or helpful and curt it s a roulette . by the end of our stay the maid didn t seem to care . they just throw the cover on no matter what be under them and didn t bother to clean . since it s just a place to lay down after the amusement park i guess if serve be purpose .
bad water pressure in shower find cockroach in room breakfast be terrible ....
staff be friendly and informative ... however ... room be a little dirty . curtain be severly stain and carpet be filthy . walk around with sock and within a few step to the bathroom sock be black . smell humid and hallway be dirty .
this hotel have a serious need to update their bed .... worst loudest bed i have ever sleep in
second time in a row that we have have an awful experience with the hotel book through your website . your website give the hotel 3.2 stare . i would agree if the scale be out of 100 not 5 . one of the two queen bed have the mattress spring bulge through surface . the bathroom be dirty and i kill 3 roach .
the chilis down the road be a little wait but the food and service be amazing . nightlife be a drive but it s nice to park your car at one and walk i drive . the bed be a little hard but still get a good night sleep .
my stay be very pleasant and jackie and maggie make my stay better.ty girl
you get what you pay for ... while the rate be good i stay from sunday july 10th to sunday july 17th for 502 some of the people greet you and some didn t greet you . the outlet in the room barely work . the mirror behind the bed be a little weird unless your into that type of thing . the continental breakfast be extremely bare so i end up eat out unless you like only bread and waffle then your golden .. the pool be extremely small .. the location be great because you can walk the strip and everything be around that area but you have to deal with the traffic . all in all for the price it be ok i be not go to be praise the hotel s name anytime soon .. i have stay in motel 6 and red roof inn with better service than this hotel ... save up for a better hotel
the room be to old ..
we spend 4th of july weekend with family and friend at the little creel . the new owner be very friendly and helpful . they make it a point to check on us often and make sure everything be go ok we have an amazing weekend there
lovely motel on the lake and in the evening we come back to find the fire pit be a blaze so we sit and watch the sunset over the lake and drank a few beer perfect the room be nice enough . a bit small but fine for the night . the town of speculator be a lovely little ... more
we be quite late get to the hotel . reception be really great . most importantly we be travel with a dog and the hotel be pet friendly . breakfast be fine .
spend the night after hike mcafee knob . the hotel be clean the staff be very friendly and helpful . breakfast be a step above the usual continental breakfast . the location be excellent if you be there for the blue ridge mountain and want easy access to the highway in the morning .
strong body odor smell in room . breakfast be a 1 out of 5 .
this be the second laquinta we stay at it be very nice . we would stay there anytime . because we have a dog it make it even nicer because most hotel that allow pet be not that clean .
the hotel cater to pet and that s fine when you need it . the room be dirty expect since there be so many animal involve . i would not stay there when i m not travel with a pet . bathroom be okay typical for a hotel in this price range .
while the dcor lobby breakfast area may seem a bit different .... don t let that put you off . they have a great variety of breakfast food . it be a great hotel with very friendly and helpful staff . check in and check out be easy be typical for la quinta s.
we be pleased with our stay for the most part . the carpeting in the hallway seem kinda dirty but our room be clean . i didn t like that breakfast be only until 9 am . and the breakfast hostess who be very nice start take it all down at 8 50 . she do tell someone if they want yogurt she would go in the back and get it . but i feel like i have to rush through breakfast .
no breakfast on time or donut from the frige no service no place for garbage water in bathtub don t run away durty floor etc.etc . a horrible experience we be from germany and our american english be not as good to write more detail .
we have a terrific stay at lafon motel . staff member be nice full cable and a great pool . terrific place at a terrific price .
i stay and be almost eat alive by bed bug cost 118 doctor visit and ruin my vacation report to local health authority but receive a reply back that since bedbug be not know to transmit disease and there be no public health law address requirement for their control and removal they would not investigate or require action . i ... more
work heater and lot of hot water . be careful in the tub no grab bar and tub surface be slick i put down a hand towel . superior bed . old crt tv with some reception problem . furniture shabby . wi fi work . the korean baptist proprietor be most pleasant and helpful .
this be the most charming hotel we have stay at in a long time . the room be huge and with a fireplace and a couple chair so comfy and clean . decorate really cute and the front desk be so accommodating and kind . they have a cute dining area for breakfast in the morning . wish i could find place like this ... more
this be a family own operation . the owner themselves see to your need . dan jenson even help us carry our luggage to the room when we arrive . we stay in the penthouse which be phenomenal . the picture on line do not do it justice . at first i be hesitant to go to a place that do not have room service ... more
if you be look for a comfortable beach front location it do not get much better than this . you would have to rent a private home to find anything comparable on captiva . we stay in the south suite 3 for a weekend getaway for our anniversary and it be delightful . the unit have a large screen patio that directly ... more
hotel be easy to find . i could see the top of mt rainier out our window . room be clean and comfortable . front desk staff be polite and very helpful to the hotel i do find my glass sun clip that i think i lose in the car but thank you for keep an eye out for them . the two gal ... more
we be in town for a softball tournament and this hotel be very convenient to the softball complex stoney run and have lot of thing close by that we need . the hotel be clean and the staff be friendly
if your ever in the area you have to visit this hotel the customer service we receive by niechelle cheskey key be exceptional . she actually sing happy birthday to me when we arrive the room be clean comfortable and relax i will never book elsewhere as long as you have her as an employee the guest service staff be exceptional as ... more
i be here for a single night and enjoy every minute . everyone here be personable and do what they can to ensure your every pleasure . after a stressful drive teghan dean and steve ensure i have an excellent dinner good conversation and great drink . i would stay here again .
stay 5 night at this property . clean and well maintain property . front desk staff be very polite and courteous . my room rate include breakfast . not a buffet on the second day when i stop by at the breakfast bar and order a cappuccino . i be tell you be not allow cappuccino i be obviously embarrassed hear the ... more
comfortable live with kitchen and all other facility . ideal for business stay . social hour be great fun with your friend . abundant parking space couple with good lawn in case you see the sun .
be there for the weekend and love the place . my room be very clean and housekeeping do a great job . the hotel be close to everything . the staff be very friendly and always willing to help . will be stay there again
stay one night . decent parking area but super close to the highway . you would think that the staff would put their better member choice member room on the back side of the hotel away from the highway noise . carpet be wear no outlet on side table lamp so pull out the end table show lot of dirt dust on ... more
when i check in for my stay the clerk could not even be bother to get up out of her chair to do my paperwork . my room do not even have a shower curtain on my first night . the super 8 be better .
we have a 2 night stay . the room be immaculate and comfortable . the breakfast be outstanding many choice and home cooked option that be delicious . the staff be helpful and take pride in their place . would definitely stay here again ... great location too . a great find .
this be an older property which remind me of the ski lodge that you see in movie . the view be wonderful fill with fall leave . the lobby have a fireplace and comfortable cushy furniture . wine and cheese be available in the lobby in the late afternoon . the room be spacious and have all the amenity . though not new they be ... more
we will stay here again . the room be clean and the breakfast be good . if you be in the area you should stay here.the manager and staff be excellent . this the 3rd time we be there . we have our pet with us .
fullerton be a small community 10 or more mile from the nearest town in any direction . there s not much to do or see here the road aren t pave and you could probably fit the entire town into one photo shot . but in the midst of this tiny town one structure the carroll house seemingly displace catch your eye and keep ... more
i be satisfied with my stay at this property on august 13 2015 .
we have a minor issue with our toilet the staff be very attentive to our issue and work to resolve our problem timely . we appreciate their responsiveness .
i have a wonderful experience with my check out.the staff be friendly and they meet all my need in a timely manner . the breakfast be outstanding the hotel be clean the front desk staff be so awesome.thank you so much for stay with us . our staff work very diligently to make sure everyone have a great stay . thank you for the fantastic review and we hope have you back again soon .
the hotel be nice and the price be good also . you should know it s right beside the train track and the train come by regularly so keep that in mind especially if you re a light sleeper . they also close the laundry room at 10 pm which isn t post i find that very inconvenient . what if you use the pool late ... more
be an ok stay . wish hotel have full size bathroom only have a slide door with toilet and shower in it and sink outside of it .. very tiny and seem less private . have issue with stain on the sheet for one bed but be able to have the front desk person change them since the maid be all go .. otber ... more
this hotel meet all my standard first foremost it be clean . secondly the bed be comfortable . shower look new and have some nice feature in addition to have a modern shower head . along that line the room entire hotel be modern refurbish . good wifi reception .
the room be clean the bed very comfortable and the property well maintain but it be the friendly warm hearted proprietor who make this place special . i would recommend this motel as not only a good value but as a place with an unusually pleasant atmosphere . in addition we be delighted to find that the lasalle big blue stem trail be ... more
room be huge continental breakfast in the morning good location close to airport friendly staff everything great except the bed bug . unfortunately that s a deal breaker wake up with about 30 bite on hand leg neck . hopefully you win t get the same room . if the bug be go my quality value rating would be high
have to change room multiple time due to the condition of the room most likely this be a where the not so decent people come to score
we stay for one night after come to and leave from alaska . although they claim to have non smoking room some of their room have be use for smoking before . both time we be give room that be smelly . the first time we be give another room that be good but the sink be not drain properly . since we be ... more
we really enjoy the hospitality at this hotel . we be pick up promptly from the airport at 1 am when our flight arrive and also give a ride to the train station at the end of our stay . the room be spacious and the staff be very helpful .
the room be very clean and neat and the continental breakfast be good . our 1 a.m. shuttle driver be very helpful courteous and love the music and chat . could change the courtesy desk height way to tall .
i note there have be some renovation to this hotel however no matter how much you renovate you still need to employ enough staff to keep a hotel clean and well maintain . this do not seem to be happen at this hotel . first we stay for three day and never once do we see a manager or housekeeping or building ... more
i be surprised by my room . i didn t expect it to be so large and in such good condition . we have lot of space and the room be clean . the internet be slower but it work . the hall way be in dire need of a carpet cleaning and the pile of trash at the dumpster have us prepare for a ... more
dreadful place to stay . beyond belief that they can charge such an exorbitant rate for such inferior accommodation . we arrive late after an exhausting journey and just need some sleep . some hope . dirty room do not want to walk round without shoe on . could not bring ourselves to sit on the sofa . curtain be hang off the track so barely ... more
several of our family member stay there . we be leave on a cruise from seward the next day . room be spacious but dated and shuttle service from to the airport be offer . upon check out the next day we notice that the charge be different than confirmed and e mail to us by manager rg . even after discuss the discrepancy with him ... more
this be the second time i ve stay at the cove for various reunion at the academy . each unit be own privately and rent out as need . there be an indoor pool and beachfront access with pier . all unit have balcony and i think most be 2 bedroom . during this most recent stay it appear the unit have be renovate but ... more
we have stay at the culver cove year ago and be hope thing hadn t change . we be disappointed to find the look of the inn have deteriorate . the condo we stay in be dirty . we have to ask housekeeping to come and clean as soon as we check into the room . our tv be a delux 13 the stove and ... more
we arrive for our first family vacation only to find out they lose our reservation . i have the print out of our hotel confirmation but that make no difference . staff be friendly but not helpful in find us new accomodation .
be afraid be very afraid.i d rather sleep on the ground then thisresort.upon arive two young boy come to the unit to collect a 45 clean fee.they bring a vacaum cleaner with them to do the floor around me as i sign the paperwork . there be dirty cup in the sink which my wife washed.there be cracker on the floor behind ... more
upon arrival on may 16 2014 i pay timothy general manager 120.00 cash for kitchen x 2 night clean fee and room tax base on regular room rate not the 89.00 for 2 night voucher through amazon local . then on the june discover statement i be charge 119.95 on may 15 2014 for the very same 3 fee . i call ... more
the service be terrible and the room be very very dirty ..
i would advice not to go for this hotel . the staff be higly rude and they will over charge u. very un proffessional behaviour will keep u wait un ncessary .
the man at check desk be rude and yell at me . the door be poorly hang therefore you could see light the bathroom fan be so loud you could not shower with the light on there be a very thin and hole fill blanket on the bed there be no coffee pot or microwave as promise the fridge freeze the content the carpet be gross on bare foot and there be no hand towel only a wash cloth and bath towel . be rob by this stay . way more money than it be worth
pool be close to early 9 p.m. it be hot want to cool down .
horrible the bed be like brick and lack comfort .
well i think for the price rate at the least you would get a good comfortable bed and a more professional look to bed it look so unprofessional who put the pillow over the top comforter it make me feel like the bed be sleep in . the office manager scott i think that s his name be very very rude ... more
the first time we go on vacation here we walk into our room and just start laugh . you get what you pay for . and here you be pay for location what amazing view . he s the room be not the best but they work and we love it . it have become our special place together . we try to get away once ... more
it be really nice .
great location . get a better rate than book . friendly staff . good breakfast . nice clean room . have a room on 4th floor next to elevator but it be very quiet . easy check in and check out . would definitely stay here again .
clean staff take pride in their work and it show . clean friendly update warm and nice pool area
have to call maintenance man to fix shower . more water go out of divert than shower head . they do fix it . hear people walk in room above us . no counter space around sink .
a little west of the city good point to start west next am . staff friendly well train informative familiar with local area eatery store etc . usual hamptonality clean quiet . breakfast area clean well attend by hotel staff .
we arrive an hour early and they be able to check us in early which be very helpful . the room be nice as be the amenity . the staff be very helpful and pleasant . we leave early and be offer a take away breakfast .
the room be nice and clean . it be spacious as well . staff be super nice . it be nice to stay during friday night light . breakfast be good as well . we would most def stay again next time we be in texas
older motel but in nice shape . good location close to the dam . room be a little dark with the older wood paneling . breakfast be good with plenty of food . staff be helpful and nice . parking be a little tight in front . look most of the people stay there be there to go fishing .
the hampton inn on s. lumpkin rd . in columbus georgia be a beautiful hotel . it be very close to the national infantry museum and soldier center . the room be very nice very clean . the breakfast be your typical free breakfast at most hotel but the staff be friendly and the breakfast room inviting and clean . the only thing i find ... more
great room . clean and spacious . hotel be adjacent to basic graduation field so you don t have to worry about traffic or parking . nice outdoor pool . lobby area have plenty of place for family to gather
i have a wonderful experience during my hotel stay . it be very clean and the staff be excellent . anytime i need help they offer they re assistance . they exercise room be clean and they offer free coffee and hot chocolate all day and night . they have a very nice breakfast too .
we stay at the hampton while visit for a military graduation ceremony . our stay at the hampton be great . the hotel be clean beautifully decorate and the staff be so friendly and helpful . always greet us with friendly smile . no complaint . i give this hotel an a
there be no finer staff i have find in my stay in hotel . perfect location for attend an army graduation . clean clean clean room . the only flaw be there be no place to eat lunch or dinner on site . columbus ga be a bit complex to drive about if you be new to the area
this be our second stay at this location . their customer service be top notch . good breakfast every morning and very clean room . bed and bathroom be very clean . use the pool everyday we be there and love it . we will stay here every time we re in the area .
i highly recommend the hampton inn south fort benning . i m really picky when it come to hotel and i can t say enough good thing about the staff and hotel . first and most important it s very clean . both the room and common area . second that staff be phenomenal . they be so friendly and helpful . we be visit for my brother s graduation ... more
the hampton inn be the best the breakfast be great the girl that keep it up be outstanding they sing to us every morning our room be exellent bed be excellent very comfortable the girl at the front desk be also awesome
this little motel have the attraction of a difficult entrance depend on the direction you re come from and some very unprofessional employee s though they do allow smoking in the room which be a plus i wake up the next morning to my car have sign of an attempt of be break into . poor security in the parking lot minimal camera .... more
we really like the service location and quality of everything here . the staff be super nice the room be clean the bathroom be clean and the breakfast have many choice . the check in process be easy .
we have 5 room and all be clean and well maintain . everything work and the area be quiet at night . i would stay here again if in the area . a good basic room at a good price and the management be very helpful .
bed be make with memory foam mattresse the room be all so cute with their own theme . the tub be ceramic not plastic . each room separately decorate with its own theme . the front desk clerk be extremely nice and very helpful with show us the room and explain the amenity . everything work in the room and the antique finishing make ... more
the tube have mold in it . the breakfast be not at all what be tell me me . i be unhappy with my stay .
we travel to tucson from las vegas at least once a year and love to stopover in wickenburg . my place suit be a wonderful oasis in the desert . it be setup as a place to relax . very quiet . best night sleep i have have in a long time . the suite have a kitchen with a stove oven full refrigerator and ... more
this be a nice hotel with a nice breakfast area that be well keep and the food be fresh and tasty . there be a lot of seating so we do not have to wait for someone to leave so we could eat . it be a stay on the go so we do not use the facilite much . the room be ... more
the area and hotel be pack due to the fall leaf season . we stay for two night and find the hotel to be conveniently locate to the downtown cherokee area the great smoky mountain national park and other area attraction . the reception and room staff be very friendly and the price be what we expect base on the season . our ... more
stay here for a wcu graduation . rate be high room be so so . breakfast be bland and sparse . bathroom be dirty door be beat up and everything be tired and outdate . not a definite no but for the price i be very disappointed . better place to stay for far less money .
clean hotel with helpful and friendly staff . pool be great fun for the kiddos well light parking lot and nice looking ground . also have key entry s that all work . bar area by the front desk where we enjoy some late night drink and chat with the front desk employee . continental breakfast have a good selection . close to a mcdonald s and ... more
we be visit our son in crete but the hotel in crete be totally book . we would definitely stay here again . the hotel be a quick and pretty drive from crete . the hotel be clean and have a nice bar area .
actual adjustable showerhead great water pressure blanket i know one reviewer didn t have any on their bed stock bathroom tv work fine and so do the fridge and microwave . the staff be very friendly to us despite a mixup from the website not inform them of my room change . maybe ours be better because it be a 2 room i don t ... more
arrive at this hotel we have an open mind this surely change within the next hour of our stay . we check in at roughly 10 pm this process take a drooling 15 minute at least . the two staff member have a hard time find my reservation that be book 3 day before through hotels.com . we finally receive our key drove ... more
worst hotel experience of my lift . we be camper who do not require amenity and state of the art anything . but we do expect clean . there be black mold under the window sill in room 204 which be expose by the peel wallpaper . not sure if the hotel own a vacuum . the bed underskirt be dirty . lamp broken . shower rod ... more
the staff be awesome nice and always there to help you breakfast be great . a great stay hotel be clean and the room be spacious keep up the great job i have a king suite and the family have plenty of room
spend 2 night and have 2 room . the room be ok average nothing extra special . my room have a portable air conditioner which i think be odd even though the other one work . room be averagely clean . it didn t have a clean smell bathroom tub have spot and so do the floor . the blanket be rip and spot . they didn t ... more
my housekeeper tonya johnson clean my room very well and be also very friendly and make sure i have everything i need for my stay . in would suggest this best western to anyone that want a nice room at a good rate with great staff
can not say enough good about this place the addition of the peddle boat and paddle board really seal the deal that this be the best place on canada street something for the kid poolside everyday movie and popcorn and snow cone . this be our second year and i be certain there will be many more to come
broken fixture in bathroom security door latch miss break outside door prop open with a stone and never lock at night fire in cigarette container all day desk employee not helpful have a hbo guide for last month and no swimming towel at desk as promise . day shift do not have time and night sift could not leave desk to help ... more
we stop here the night before thanksgive to rest before go to celebrate the holiday with family in deshler . the woman who check us in late wednesday night be very friendly and helpful . the room be typical of those you see on the side of the highway . we sleep in on thanksgiving and do get a late start however we ... more
this be my second stay at this hotel . my room be quiet and clean . i be a little concerned as it look like there wer a few more lomg term renter than before . the front desk in the evening be friendly . in the morning not as helpful . but for the price it be a good stay . but next time i will probably ... more
i have issue with every hotel i stay at this week . plus the traffic in springfield stink . i pick this hotel because it be in a small town not far from my first stop the next day . room be fine it be quiet bed comfortable . breakfast be ok . i will stay here when i have to work the ... more
this place be new and very very nice . breakfast be outstanding . if in the area you must stay here . the room and bathroom be nice size . hall be well lite . beautifully decorate with modern feature . a nice restaurant next to the hampton .
we have stay here the past 4 year . as usual the room be very clean . the owner and staff be very friendly and make you feel welcome . you have a view of the lake right in front of you . our room have a mini fridge and microwave . we have stay in the kitchen room and those have everything you need .... more
my husband and i recently have the pleasure of visit this bb on 12 11 15 12 13 15 . upon arrival the house be everything you see and more from the website on the outside the ground be beautiful and very well keep we be greet by the owner pontheolla and paul abernathy . who be great from the beginning to end paul so helpful with ... more
the staff be very friendly especially housekeep . the breakfast offer a lot of variety . the hotel amenity be great . good value for the price .
extremely pleased with our hotel stay . we be a family of 5 and recently spend 2 night at this hotel . i be pleasantly surprised at the size of our suite and the friendliness of the staff . there be a popcorn machine in the lobby which my kid love . we also catch the staff set out warm chocolate chip cookie in the evening yum such a nice homey touch the free breakfast be outstanding . we traditionally don t expect much from a hotel spread but this one be the exception . lot of selection and the hot option change from one morning to the next . breakfast attendant be friendly and helpful and keep everything well stock as the crowd ebb and flow . the only negative be an extremely loud family in the room above us that keep us awake until almost midnight . the hotel staff do they best to help and even offer to move us but we opt not to take them up on the offer . nothing else the staff could have do to help that situation . i be also disappoint that the hot tub wasn t working but the kid have a wonderful time in the pool regardless .
great experience consider the horrible weather we be have . the staff be exceptionally nice and friendly . breakfast be very good and the location in all be very clean .
the picture of the hotel look better on line . the staff be ok not great . no one look like they want to be there . it be suppose to be a non smoking hotel but someone on my floor keep smoking which be a turn off . the room be clean but they didn t leave conditioner or moisturizer and leave one teeny shampoo . when i go to the front desk to ask for product i be tell they only have a few be . it please with our stay at all
everything be good . i only spend a short night . i have an early flight the next morning .
follow a fourteen hour drive we arrive very tired to check in at 3 am on april 17th . i book a non smoking room but there be only a smoking room available . we be give the key to room 410 . this be an outside room in the back of the hotel that abut a truck stop . i use the bathroom which have water all over the floor and go back into the main room . the room have stain carpet light that do not work and thing just do not seem particularly clean . however the bed be nicely make and we be very tired . i pull back the bed spread to find rumpled sheet cover in blood . i choose to contact expedia whose representative contact the front desk and arrange for a refund of all three reservation book with this hotel . at my request expedia also arrange for us to stay at a different hotel in the area . i do not believe that it take much intelligence to connect the dot and determine what happen here.when we be back in town on friday we stop back to the hotel in an attempt to speak with the manager . we be tell that he be not in . i leave a message ask that he call me to which there have be no response . even though this be a two star hotel these condition be disgusting .
nothing special to recommend this hotel but it s adequate and serviceable .
the two day i spend at your best western inn near the rochester airport be great before and after my son graduation ceremony from rit college . the breakfast every morning be delicious and definitely worth get up early for . i really enjoy my stay at this location .
i travel a lot for business and pick this hotel to try out and the price be right.had clean room most important be the high speed wifi and it work great . the staff be friendly and helpful.planne to come back for vacation with family.i highly recommend this place for your trip .
when first walk in the room have a very strong smell of cleaner we be tell that all the room have just be clean and would smell the same . we get wake up at 1 40am by prank call . maybe they need a makeover
close to port and airport . next door be a mcdonalds . room be clean . not recommend for a vacation place . you can drive to the restaurant beach and shop . they cater to the pre and post cruiser and flyer . we have to catch a plane at 7 a.m. . and it be great for that . that s about it .
conveniently locate near fll airport free airport transportation shuttle provide . free breakfast and wifi . great service . definitely will use this service again and recommend to my friend and family . also close to food outlet .
my family and i stay here one night pre cruise . i be only look for a decent place to lay our head for the night and i guess this fit the bill . i should ve know what i be get for the price but i be be optimistic . con the room smell musty and damp but i guess we get use to ... more
my sister and i stay only for one night . the room be clean and the bed be comfortable . the breakfast be appreciate because we have a 8 15am pick up to the airport there wasn t anytime for us to go out for breakfast . the clerk call and remind us of our pick up time
nothing too remarkable about this location it be good value a good location close to the cruise port and have an adequate breakfast although the breakfast room be overflow with cruiser on the morning we be there ... on dec . 20 2015 ... no surprise there we be even give a goody bag with chip and bottle of water when we arrive late ... more
room be clean with basic amenity but very dated . bed be comfortable room be fairly quiet but can definitely hear through the wall . breakfast be very basic but fresh . while it be not very close to an amenity it be good for pre or post cruise stay . hotel charge 8 per person for ride to cruise ship terminal
overnight stay to catch early flight to barbados
i be very pleased with this hotel . it be clean and near the airport which be where me and my husband for a flight our of ft . lauderdale the next morning . the front desk be helpful . parking be very easy . and it be not far from the main attraction ft lauderdale beach . we would definitely stay again
i have become a very loyal customer of best western in the last 2 year . this stay before and after my cruise the hotel just prove that i have not waste my loyalty . everything be clean staff be friendly pool be wonderful etc ... this be why i stay best western . they haven t let me down yet .
this be a top tier best western hotel . it be close to the airport and cruise terminal and offer free shuttle to and form the aid port and for a nominal fee to and from the cruise terminal . every thing be in work order and their free breakfast be as good as any free breakfast i have have at any ... more
in a word awful . call early in the day to ask for a late check in lady be very sassy and snarky rather than just make a note on the reservation . once actually check in room extremely tiny ac unit very loud bed uncomfortable . housekeeping knock at 8 a.m. to clean room checkout wasn t until 10 a.m. ...
i be very disappointed in this hotel . it be not what i expect since it be to be renovate . it take me about 20 minute to find the entrance . i arrive late at time and a sign with a red background and red lettering be not a good thing . when you add in poor lighting it definitely be not a good mix . when i check in there be a few people in the lobby and outside . this raise safety concern . i obtain my key and receive direction to my room . again more people hang outside . i enter the room and realize the mistake i make . the room be very small with no iron iron board or coffeemaker most hotel provide these basic item . i read the booklet and i learn to enjoy these benefit i would have to upgrade which i begin to think it wouldn t be worth it . the next morning i leave the room and there be woman sit outside in a lawn chair . i return 3 hour later and she be still there . if it couldn t get worse when i return later that night two man be sit outside a room in lounge chair music play and a small grill on the grass . at this point i be relieve that i be leave in the morning and this would be a distant memory very quickly .
worst hotel ever . do not stay here .
the comfortable on the bed be very thin room have no refrigerator nor microwave . wasn t inform at all that the ice machine wasn t working . room be very clean .
the only reason i rate the condition a little low be because there be a loose screw in the bathroom threshold that could hurt someone bare foot .
the hotel be average and border on outdate . the internet be unreliable if you can get it to work at all . housekeeping be questionable . the staff be friendly and appear to care . good breakfast option .
we would give this location a 5 star rating and would recommend . be more than i expect . bed be good and everything be clean and neat . the exterior be also clean and neat . everyone on the staff seem happy .
mixed feeling about this motel travel up to billing mt on sunday 1 24 16 and make reservation through choice . at that time reserve the room with choice point in the amount if 12 000 choice point . ok i m fine with that as long as they have semi parking . upon arrive at motel first thing i notice be where s the semi parking i ... more
first time to stay at a my place hotel . stay overnight on our way to yellostone . bed and bedding be wonderful room be clean and reasonably price . allow pet and have sufficient walking area . will look for them again . however no king bed .
staff very helpful clean room nice meal friendly place everything work in our room kid have fun at the pool we have fun at hot tub we have free wi fee and computer to use for any reason and lot of help from staff .
this hotel be clean cozy and cheap . it be a small hotel in a small city . everything be in good working order and my bed be comfortable . the staff be very friendly and i receive my key in less than 2 minute great after a long long flight . i recommend .
this family run lodge exceed any and all expectation we have from the moment we arrive . the stunning ground locate off a flow river and surround by tree be match only by the tremendous warmth and generosity of the people run the resort . it s hard to a imagine a more perfect place for a group retreat or a family getaway .
we stay in the turkey run two bottom cabin perfect for the two family 4 adult and 3 child . lot to do a short walk to the black river so much fun hunting bug and crawdad float swimming . we play games mini golf mini zip line a tree house the kid love it . and the adult enjoy the excellent food ... more
this be a very nice experience . the food and service be excellent the owner be extremely nice and helpful . the kid love the play area and the recreation center . 1st time visit and we will be back and next time we will try the float trip
first of all i will warn you that there be no refund no exception . power go out and a guy who just purchase a room 5 min prior be deny a refund when we be all inform it could be up to two day before it be turn back on . the owner of this hotel be an indian family and i ... more
stuck in area for 2 week and need cheap place to stay . my family video camera be steal out of my locked room while we be out for the day . all of my video of my child grow up over the past 12 year go because some piece of human trash figure they could get a few for a ... more
l be happy to see this hotel be clean inside and out nice breakfast room very friendly staff and happy to answer any question l have about place to eat or direction to place . the girl who check us in be the greatest . it be nice to have a laundry room on site l agree with some comment on door ... more
we have an excellent stay . the hotel be conveniently locate off the freeway easy to find with 3 restaurant within walk distance . also locate close to shop down town river and the shrine of our lady of guadalupe . the hotel staff be very friendly and professional . the breakfast be awesome as always and always well stock . the pool our room and ... more
great place to stay . nearly new with good pool and great breakfast . all staff very friendly and work hard to make stay a good one . no hot tub but pool very good room clean and comfortable . good parking available . well locate in the town . everything we need and much more . exceptional value
new victorian inn and suites be a great place for an overnight stay to an extended stay . the place be clean and the staff be friendly they have an indoor pool indoor spa jacuzzi and a patio to dry off on or cook out on in the evening the all inclusive breakfast be expansive compare to other . love this ... more
this new hotel be immaculate and the staff be wonderful . ben at the check in desk be very friendly and accommodate and go out of his way to make sure our stay be pleasant . ben answer all of our question and do it with a smile . he give us great direction to the church for the wedding we be attend and ... more
the property be in a quiet area with a sister property across the parking lot . it s a nice building with an attentive staff . they be very friendly . the room i have be very nice clean and quiet and well maintain . i have a very comfortable bed and the usual thing that make a room good in my opinion be there .... more
i be impress as soon as i walk in the lobby . it be neat clean interesting and nicely decorate . also just walk down the hall to your room . it zig zag a bit but its so much nicer than walk down a straight hall of door . likewise room large spacious 2 queen bed separate live area with a pull ... more
get a great name your price deal on this hotel . the staff be great and funny . it be about 8 mile from downtown but it work for us . breakfast be very good although they run out of coffee at time . very clean room and very comfortable . would definitely stay again .
nice location in a newer area eastside of naple just off i 75 that be quiet and surprisingly clean and comfortable . i feel the 3 star rating be below the value we receive . cordial staff very clean and complimentary breakfast be real food nice .
staff be very friendly and go out of way to answer question about surround area . our room be very clean and accommodating . free breakfast be one of the best we have have . while we be eat we see someone straighten and clean area 3 time . everything be great . would stay here again if ever in the area .
free room on bw point regular stop hotel on trips tpo sw missouri . i find best western the best value for the price and always use them if available for both business and personal travel . i have never have a bad experience in any best western in 23 year and a business traveler .
the carpet be filthy tub didn t drain area around the breeze way be very trashy they give you 2 towel for 2 bed and refuse to give more no matter how long you be there refuse to refund monie if you want to go to different hotel the swimming pool look like a cess pool . wall be nasty i just really can t ... more
how much money do an owner have to spend on a property to get employee to keep it clean i guess it be a southern thing . pool be absolutely filthy . the owner have buy beautiful antique furniture for the room and it look great i let front desk know about the condition of pill and she try to explain that ... more
good value . room be adequate clean and well maintain . staff be friendly and helpful and put us in a room with a view . could see bell rock right out the window . breakfast be ok for a quick bite before head out for the day . there be also several restaurant within walk distance . location be very convenient . the wall be very ... more
not a luxury hotel by any mean but sedona be beautiful so you shouldn t be in the room anyway good value great service nice employee decent breakfast . overall happy with the stay .
they be very helpful with restaurant . the location be very good as sedona be very crowded . there be many beautiful hike that be close to this destination . we eat at cecina rustica which be the best italian food i have have any ware .
we drive up to sedona in the wee hour of the night . awoke to the beautiful scenery this hotel be clean and well take care of . the continental breakfast isn t mind blow but have the basic . for the price and convenience it can t be beat .
i be not expect scotty s motel to be fancy consider the price but i be expect clean . this be the second dirtiest hotel i have stay in . our room be dirty and have not be dust in a very long time . there be cobwebs everywhere . the tub be not clean . i don t mind out date furniture and carpeting but i ... more
this place be great the service be incredibly friendly and welcoming . the free breakfast be delicious and on weekday they have fresh bake cookie in the evening . i come back anytime i m in ashland .
the staff here be wonderful get us thru a rough time due to a funeral for a loved one couple with the worst snow storm in the area in year they go above and beyond with their great service and make us feel at home during a difficult time . will definitely stay there again the next time we be in ... more
the location of this hotel be hret for visit to my son . the room be clean and comfortable . i do not have time to try the breakfast but i hear it s fabulous i have a great night s sleep in a comfy bed i will be stay here again .
the front desk be most accommodating and welcoming . maddie if i remember correctly be top notch in give us direction answer question and overall just make us feel welcome after a long drive .
the hotel have excellent lighting both inside and outside . i feel very safe enter the hotel at night . the hotel be well decorate the room be very clean and the staff be courteous and helpful . i would highly recommend this facility .
smile and help at every turn . clean comfortable great breakfast but the staff be the gem of this stay think i have a reservation didn t the staff bent over backward to get a room then check other hotel for my reservation so i could cancel and not get charge . have a problem with the tv staff be right there in minute ... more
the room be larger and cleaner than most other hotel i have stay at in the area . it be really hard to get a good night sleep though when the room be so noisy . you could hear every door on the third floor open and close the latch be incredibly loud . no let the wife sleep and go out for ... more
i stay here for 1 night and discover bed bug in the morning . my back be cover in bite and there be multiple bug under my pillow . i immediately raise the issue to the front desk and they could not be less concerned about the bug . they inform me that they have have issue with bed bug in the past and ... more
i understand these cabin be 75 year old so i didn t expect to walk into a 5 star facility but i do expect it to be clean even somewhat clean would have be nice . the shower have not be clean at all the commode be not flush one bed have hair in it the other bed have dirt in it ... more
the staff be entirely accomidate . the hotel itself be clean and quiet . i love the fact that they have a full size fridge and that they go out of their way to make accommodation for my dog would dtay again .
check in and check right back out have no hot water and have roach crawl on the bed would not ever stay there the people there be very rude and very nasty and the manger lady pick up the roach bare hand and toss it out side and then wipe her nose with that same hand
when we first arrive inside the room a strong smell of mildew hit me . i decide to ignore it think it could be worse and it be . grasshopper and other bug be everywhere . the best part be the chirping throughout the night from inside the room . the bathroom be not clean thoroughly and i be glad to get out of ... more
great service
the staff here be really great courteous helpful well informed . the room be comfortable and the kitchenette a real boon . great value for money . if we re in the area we d stay there again . breakfast be nice enough though a bit more variety would have be nice .
dirty room
this be a pet friendly hotel . have say that it smell like a pet friendly hotel that do not get a thorough cleaning after a dog have be sick . we be book into our first room which smell like a mixture of beef jerky and vomit . our second room be a little better but we still have to go buy several candle to make the room habitable . the carpet be sticky and the sheet be full of hole . the bathtub look like someone take a blowtorch to a corner . the carpet in the hall be in a severe need of clean . many spot and traffic pattern . the breakfast be good if you like lot of carbs . i come away feel gross and dirty even after a shower .
have 3 room for our group . one door wouldn t hardly lock . have strong animal smell . we stay 5 night and they do not clean our room once . definately would not recommend this hotel . worse hotel i have ever stay in .
if you decide to book this hotel you will be disappoint .
as a guest i be very impressed on how the front desk clerk handle be in a situation deal with a deaf guest even though it be hard to understand my husband stasia do a great job in make us feel welcomed and comfortable .
we check in at 6 pm 3 hour after check in time of 3 p.m. . our room wasn t ready and housekeeping staff could be see stand outside smoking . grant i be give a 15 discount however i would have happily pay another 50 per night to not be in that neighborhood . employee smoke at the door to the lobby the smell of weed in the hallway a fight in the parking lot literally people walk in off the street for the continental breakfast and ask us to use our cell phone our room be 54 degree upon enter .... i could go on and on but win t. needless to say i would never stay at this hotel or recommend it to anyone . our friend choose this hotel because it be pet friendly . and they would hang out in our room because theirs reek . regardless of how much lysol of ours they use it smell . on a scale of 1 10 it be a 1 .
it be terrible.it be dirty.the bathroom be not clean .
i stay in this hotel with many of my family member due to a wedding we be attend nearby . room be spacious and feel really clean . diana at the front desk work that weekend and be beyond accommodate . we all about 7 8 room have request early check in and she work her magic in make it happen due to the time ... more
this hampton inn be one of the friendliest hotel . it be clean well run and centrally locate . in particular diana at the front desk be exceptional she be always smile and willing to help in any way . we always stay at this hotel when visit tampa bay down and would highly recommend it .
we get a great deal on a queen suite for an overnight stay during a wedding we attend in clearwater . suite be spacious and clean and could have easily fit six of us . staff be friendly and location be conveniently locate to some shop and restaurant . and about a ten minute drive to a really nice mall .
very cute and extremely clean motel . i rent a single and it be decently sized with a tv w cable . shower stall in my room 133 be a bit small but great water pressure . convenient location to the artsy thing in south congress but also an easy 1 mile walk to 6th st . it be quiet . full sized bed be very comfy .... more
the lodging option in this small town be limited but frankly this hotel work very well . it s clean well locate and have a very friendly staff . the bed be comfortable and have great pillow . what more do you need
always good service and perfect ambiance
never have a bad experience with this hotel . the staff be not only professional but fun to interact with . hot tub be very enjoyable as be the pool . a good variety of restaurant be available in the area . a great place to use as a stopover for further travel go south .
the room be clean server and front desk very courteous . a little expensive at 105 a night but not bad . room be older carpet wear . breakfast decent but not all that good . i would certainly come back and recommend as it have comfy bed work ac and very nice staff .
my wife and i ride our motorcycle thru a summer storm from indiana to this hotel . needless to say once we arrive we be tired wet and ready to get into a room . i have a reservation along w a 50 best western bw gift card to use from a summer promotion . the desk clerk initially be not go to ... more
need a room to get a night s sleep and stop there . the hotel be fairly clean have a nice breakfast in the morning . the big thing for me be the fact that there be only sheer curtain on the window . i be struggle with insomnia and have go there to try a different environment . when the morning sun come ... more
personnel be friendly . good if you need just a bed shower television and bathroom . old but clean . no refrigerator or microwave . very good for what i needed.i would stay there again . low budget but clean .
i ve stay here often and it be very pleasant but with no amenity at all not even a hair dryer but i be furnish a fridge on request . clean update and good room control temperature . great place for dog lot of roomie grass area . very friendly owner . bed ok but it s not a down pillow kind of place . pleasant and ... more
i call to inquiry about rate direct to the hotel . i mention i have dog and ask if there be extra charge for this . i be give a rate and i say i would check around for the best deal . the next day i be call by susie at the front desk say she could do a better rate and ... more
this motel be date and extremely dirty . everything about this place make me want to run away as far as possible . the carpet floor be very dirty and be not vacuumed . you could see fingernail clipping and food particle just to name a few . there be a dirty towel and someone s sock right behind the dresser this will let you know ... more
hotel be clean and well keep . room be usual microtel fare . water pressure on second floor leave something to be desire . bed be very firm . biggest issue be internet begin almost unusable after 5 pm . once more than a handful of people log on you re plague with frequent drop and buffering . really hold back a good hotel .
i book a room every year at this time for the rendezvous usually at the brisbois motel.oh my i say no way . after try hotel after hotel we come here . i be very upset and the lady at the front desk say everything will be fine . she get us in then be wait to see if we be go ... more
this be really a nice hotel property and would stay there again . room be very clean and the property be well keep . the breakfast be good . it be quiet . the hotel staff be very helpful and the internet be free . we stay use a senior citizen rate and think the rate be very reasonable compare to other motel in town .
prepaid for four night arrive at 4 30 be the following morning desk clerk inform us we have to pay an additional 25 day deposit and it would be refund upon checkout . not sure what that be about but he do not offer an explanation . unit appear clean but there be no hairdryer in master bath . call clerk state housekeeping would bring ... more
i be so disappointed in this property threadbare tear carpet no guest service until 6 a.m. dingy outside . i didn t feel comfortable the entire time i be there . do not look anything like the photo post . until they do a major renovation find another place to stay .
for the price its perfect but it doesn t feel the cleanest only because its a little old and outdated . great for family . pull out sofa and upstairs loft bed be perfect for my child . i feel it be very average . carpet definitely need update and sofa bed furniture also need to be update but it be perfect place if you need ... more
you get what you pay for . this be by far the cheapest hotel on this little island connect by bridge . i be a great location for me because i have to go to a high tech office also on that island . the wifi work well . it be clean enough . the kitchen appliance be date but functional . the kitchen be not well ... more
the room be great . there be a great kitchen with the need amenity . the bed be comfortable and the room be a good size . the breakfast be good but have one person be not enough . sometimes we have to wait 20 minute to eat because the food run out . there be a lot of people try to eat . overall it ... more
this be be my second time stay at this hotel and i will probably never stay again . it be a residence inn but i guess the owner opt out of the franchise or get kick out we stay here about 4 year ago for my anniversary i guess under different management owner we have a lovely stay nice room extremely comfortable bed complimentary ... more
i have never have such a horrible hotel experience i book straight through their website not a travel website . the room i book be a 2 bedroom suite that clearly state it have a king and 2 double bed . we arrive late after a long day at busch gardens on the day after christmas . check in take awhile but that ... more
the website picture of the hotel be very deceitful and do not match the actual product when one stay in the room . the picture be mislead . the staff be rude and indifferent . the room we stay in be smelly dirty and poorly clean . the buffet breakfast be terrible and be do on a very low budget they put out some ... more
we also stay one night due to a cancel ba flight and after also visit another room other than the one allocate to us have decide they can not be the same . ours be not clean and have lot of scum around the plug hole in the bath . the shower head above it be also cover in lime scale . the carpet ... more
you may want to view your room first before you bring all your stuff to the location . i will for sure on the next trip . also notice where the lift be and the pool the noise there be very loud late into the night even after the post closing ..... not fun if its be a long day and you can see an inch ... more
our stay be excellent it be very comfortable and we enjoy it . the staff be very friendly and nice . the hotel be very clean the breakfast be good . i would stay there again the next time i go to albuquerque .
we like our room . there be sheet for the pull out couch and everything be clean . we would appreciate another bathroom next time when travel with two small child . the pool be fun and we get an hour late check out time easily.the pool be fun and pretty clean .
excellent motel excellent motel suite with enough space to relax sleep wel we be help family member move across country this be just the perfect fit how wonderful to arrive here after a long drive in uhaul truck be able to relax sleep great then to have an excellent full hot breakfast before hit ... more
staff very polite and helpful . room be huge with sit room 2 flatscreens fridge microwave desk couch . very clean smell nice . bed comfy quiet hotel we sleep great . close to many food choice . bathroom clean . we could see our truck from our room window which be very nice . grab some free breakfast and hit the road refresh . price very good ... more
we stay overnight to prepare for my daughter s bridal shower . have a full size refrig be great for store all the cold food need for brunch . the room be clean quiet and smell great . easy check in . would definitely stay here again .
i discover this place after our reservation couldn t be find and be now fully book at another beachside hotel and to be honest i m glad we stay here instead when we arrive we go to check in and be tell that they upgrade our room to a suite however it wouldn t be ready for 45 minute even though we come ... more
stay there with my husband we be go to stay for 3 night but stay for 5 as we love it so much . hop skip and a jump from the beautiful beach room be large clean with a vintage feel which we love . plenty of outside space with own parking . bbq area with brand new bbq which we use everyday ... more
my family and i have a great time during our stay over the christmas holiday . this hotel be close to hershey park a really nice mall with a movie theatre . ton of dine in and take out restaurant . the hotel staff be very nice . the best folk work in the restaurant . they be soo helpful and friendly . the food be great as ... more
i love where this hotel be locate . it be right next to the capital building . it have a nice gym and a nice clean swimming pool indoor . the hotel be connect also to a mall call the strawberry station . they also have a nice well light garage to park in for 10 dollar extra . it be very hard to find ... more
i stay at this hilton garden inn may 6 may 8 and this hotel be very under staff the location be excellent and the service be okay would have be better if they have more housekeeper to taker care of customer need . i like cafe they have but other then that the customer service be not that of a 4.3 ... more
my wife and i stay two night at this hotel incidentally i be a gold hhilton honors member . the staff do not bother to make up the room at all after the first night . we be very surprised when we bring visitor to our room after dinner to find the bed not make and the bathroom as we have ... more
recently have a 2 night stay for a business meeting . the hotel facility be very nice and the staff very friendly . the pool be close for renovation but schedule to reopen . central to a number of harrisburg attraction .
great place to stay staff very friendly and accommidate very clean inside and out good food nice place to kick back and relax pool area clean both indoor and out can get in some excercise too if you want
check in july 6th . my room be perfect clear and comfortable the keurig coffee maker be a plus a very friendly and helpful staff make my stay great . the ruby tuesday restaurant within walk distance be one of my favorite .
not great construction be important but change the lobby be not the most important reason . room be more important . i would skip this hotel until the construction be finish . i be not impressed to stay here .
very comfortable facility . quiet and clean room . comfortable bed nice coffee and mini fridge in room . nice pool and hot tub for us to relax . we enjoy your pleasant staff and the front desk bar and restaurant . have a very enjoyable breakfast the next morning mar 26th . dining staff be extremely friendly make our son feel special and so happy . the ... more
this be the absolute worse stay at a motel i have ever experience . we tell the owner that we be look to stay between one and two month . we be show an efficiency down back .... kitchen living room and bathroom . everything be agreeable until the owner realize i need a nurse to come in twice a week for one hour . the ... more
great location friendly staff . nice room . breakfast ok . wish the egg be real instead of powder . suite be good for work . shopping close by . easy access to major highway . highly recommend stay at this hotel .
we go to this hampton in brownsburg indiana for a family night getaway . it be right iff the interstate and a short drive to downtown indianapolis . the pool be very warm which make the kid and parent happy the hot breakfast be very good and the hotel be very quiet for be sell out . the bed be so comfortable that ... more
we have special reservation request at the time of booking and our request be grant over the phone however upon arrival they do not deliver . bedding have funny smell too i would recommend another hotel if travel through brownsburg .....
there be a lot of people stay there during my stay but the hotel be quiet at night . the couch be get a little worn and the air conditioning be quiet . the internet work good . it be an easy trip into speedway .
great hotel in rochester . its well locate right next to costco near the city center so if you visit the mayo clinic you can not go wrong with this hotel . people be friendly and there be lot of parking . the wifi if fast . have no problem . it be clean bed very comfortable . breakfast be good everything fresh i will stay ... more
my wife and i be head back from cincinnati and stop late here for the night . clean room quiet and sleep like a log . next day have a nice breakfast . pack up and head home . get home and have forget part of a cord that i need . call them and they find it . they be very helpful and i drive ... more
rude desk person smelly room . initially i politely ask to change room because of a funny smell . instead of be polite and understand the desk person ask why i have not bring this to their attention last night and tell me i could not switch room . she finally offer to let us switch room after look at the room herself .... more
on a recent road trip we stay at several hotel mostly best western . this one be by far the best of them all . the staff be very friendly the room be clean and fresh and the breakfast area have the most variety . they have lot of fruit which be hard to come by in the other hotel . everything be ... more
we stay in the 3 queen suite and be very disappointed in the room . only one closet and no dresser for possibly 8 people the room be clean but uninviting . it feel like stay in a dorm room . the staff be great but the breakfast be average . never see any other room so can not recommend but will not recommend ... more
where do i begin i can t express how well we be treat from the moment we enter until the minute we leave . 1 the smell of fresh baked chocolate chip cookie as we enter the lobby at check in 2 the smile wave and welcome from the laundry room help as we pass on our way to the elevator to get ... more
this hotel be excellent for the rate . clean and quiet for the class of hotel . everybody in the group have the same opinion and wouldn t hesitate to stay again . easy on and of the highway with plenty of good restaurant close .
i stay here a few year back and it be pretty nice . not fancy but overall very good . wow what a difference a couple of year make . must have new management or something . first off the cable be out all but 1 channel . not a huge deal for me but be tell other room have cable so i switch . the ... more
awkward and inefficient front desk staff . worst check in i ve experience . hotel be dirty and room smell like a wet dog . fire alarm cord hang from ceiling with no alarm and plastic cup secure over fire sprinkler .
with a group to tell other about the love of jesus christ sleep well and great breakfast
this be a horrible stay . the hotel be run down and dirty . we be not able to get to our reserve king room because supposedly the battery in the door be go bad and couldn t get in after go back to the office 3times . we be finally give a room with double bed . we would have go elsewhere but ther be no vacanicie in the town . when arrive after drive for hour we be tell there be no restroom to use and then try to get into our room with no success we end up go to a restaurant next door . we will never go to the super 8 in crawfordsville again . when we tell them we be unhappy with a room with a double bed we be tell you will not be able to do anything since you didn t go through them directly since we book through hotels.com
our room be sub standard . two of the four light didn t work . the bath tub and sink need to be clean . they both drain very slowly . while shower you have to stand in water up to your ankle . the fitted sheet be on the bed inside out ... certainly hope that they didn t turn it over rather than wash it before our ... more
the price of the room say it all . it be a cheap hotel room . clean and ok to stay for a single night when you want a cheap hotel to come in late and stay overnight and get up early and leave . however the only real big problem with the place be the smell of cigarette smoke that permeate the room it be unbelievable . do not turn on the fan in the bathroom and bring an air freshener . with the loud air conditioner on the room become air become equalize enough to sleep there . you have be warn
book a room at the super 8 have roof leak so be send across to ramada same owner .
we have stay at this property several time during trip we make between des moines ia and richmond ky before move to richmond in dec . 2013 . the be an older property which we think need to be upgrade . the appearance show wear however our room be clean and quiet for a property locate on a busy in town highway . the ... more
it be the last night of a 12 day 12 state motorcycle vacation . really just look for a clean place after a long long day . the place be musty smell when we walk in the sheet look as if they have be wash but still have a dirty quality the bathtub need a good scouring just in total not clean ... more
we ve stay here many time over the year . its go down hill fast . the new management only see . my wife almost step off into a large hole in the front of the building while look at the construction . large deep hole not a pothole . no barricade . osha would fine the hect out of the contractor should they see it .... more
ask for poolside room non smoking ... they give me and my kid two of whom have asthma a smoking room . we be also charge 20 more than the previous stay for a much worse room . the room be clean but smell terrible . the entire hallway smell bad but the room be much worse . we will not be back . my advice ... more
my stay at this hotel be the most enjoyable stay i have have this year . the staff and the hotel be first rate . and i feel the rate charge be a great value . i would by all mean stay here again . and i would recommend this best western to other .
surprise by the quality of this hotel very clean well furnished room professional and friendly staff no complaint . it be very quiet and convenient . very central location from which to visit mt . dora and other destination .
we stay here after a long day of travel . i book through a 3rd party on my phone then go out to dinner in savannah drive the distance to kingland and check in late . so we check in late after a very long day of travel . because we be check in that late i actually call to make sure they ... more
this hotel badly need update . the first room the faucet didn t work the room they move us to you couldn t open the door the next room have two double bed instead of a king which i have reserve . i be very disappointed in this comfort suit we usually have good luck with comfort suite but not this one . wouldn t stay ... more
we stay for one night on our way to florida . the hotel be conveniently locate off of 95 and there s many restaurant and gas station nearby . check in be very fast and the staff be very friendly . we have a king suite for the night that be very clean and spacious . the bed be very comfortable and clean . we be ... more
the room we have be very clean and quiet except that the ac be on the noisy side all night long . bath room be roomy and clean . bed very comfy . breakfast need much improvement . at 7 00 there be no fruit out no hard boil egg out . they only have scramble egg and a few sausage out with some pastry . we ... more
we be choice hotel platinum member and we ve discover that many of the comfort suite property be comparable in price to the original hotel room but larger and with more amenity . this one be definitely in that category and we do not find a problem with cleanliness like a few other do .. like other reviewer we have trouble find it ... more
we be drive from florida to north carolina and think that we would stop half way . i be glad we do this be a very nice hotel to stay in . there be 3 of us and we each have our own bed and breakfast the next morning be great . the only thing we have an issue with be the parking ... more
we spend one night here in the suite and wish we have the time to stay longer . have great vibe super cool and clean ton of personality . one of our best hotel experience ever . pendleton itself be also a pleasant surpise . cool town worth explore . warn the ipa at prodigal son brewing company sneak up on you ... more
we have stay at the tyee every summer for the past 16 year . new owner have make several very nice improvement . current manager lisa be wonderful she welcome us like we be family very comfortable bed air conditioning satellite tv free wifi ample parking kitchenette restaurant bar nearby perfect for the 2 month we stay every year
i read so many scathing review on this hotel that i only book one night when i need three . once i see the room and the view i quickly book the other two night . seriously people what do you freak expect for 50 aaa rate for an ocean view king i know of an rv park down the road ... more
we stay at the golden west last summer and return again for our son s oit orientation day . for the cost we enjoy the comfortable bed the peaceful atmosphere and the attentiveness and genuine enthusiasm of the owner . one nice aspect of this hotel be it s in the perfect location for do thing in k fall and for quickly leave town to ... more
super clean and spacious room comfortable bed . extremely nice friendly helpful owner manager . be sure to ask about dining recommendation we have the best dinner sergio s for mexican food and breakfast nibbley s cafe base upon their suggestion . also very reasonable rate
we take a 3 week drive tour of the west and national park . i wish they have a sunshine inn in every town . that say this place be not for everyone since it s not hip or update . it s just cheap clean and the bed be the most comfortable of the trip . we save 100 here over what we have to ... more
stay 1 night and find this gem perfect for our need . the owner manager be friendly and accommodating . i ve give me his coffee mug when i tell him i be a styrofoam cup snob . i hate drink hot coffee from styrofoam . no hair dryer in the room but just ask the manager and he will get one for you . if ... more
small lackluster local own motel literally next door to the wall drug and other shop and eatery on main street . we stay here after spend the morning and part of the afternoon in the badland . it be very convenient and easy to find however don t expect any amenity . our room be extremely small old tube 20 tv that sit on ... more
i have stay at several place for both business and pleasure over the last 12 month and this be one of the very top stay . i be very surprised that a small town have a place of the stature . i be stay for my granddaughter s wedding but will be back very soon . it be great .
my third stay here be in may 2015 . as always clean room great food in a very welcoming friendly environment . the staff be amazing and they make your feel welcome in true alaskan fashion . nothing fancy but clean well maintain room and cabin good food prompt service . the staff really try to create a family atmosphere and the amount of ... more
it s my own fault for not check more closely but i didn t realize the room open to the outside . i think they be on indoor corridor . so i be disappointed . however the price be right and we need to be near the airport for an early morning flight . we hear a few plane fly over but nothing that keep us ... more
this be good and clean budget motel . the room be clean and the staff be very friendly . there be place walk distance to eat . we just stay one night but if in medford or . again we will stay again .
we arrive a bit early to town for a wedding and stop at the hotel just to see if by chance we could get an early check in . they be so accommodate to our party and check us in almost two hour earlier which help us out tremendously i would recommend this hotel to anyone travel through the area . room be ... more
very unfriendly manager . kind of dirty . old heating system . not enough hot water for bathe not much to mention about their stale food . sheet be not clean nor be the pillow . the carpet have a smell of dirty sock . there just be or be anything good about the place . i should have save my 125.00 plus tax and ... more
this be the hotel if you re just need a place to stay in traverse city and do not need lake front property . room be clean and comfortable . wifi include and a complimentary shuttle which be great if you re try to get around town to visit the brewery . the hotel staff be extremely friendly and inviting . i will definitely stay here again if i visit traverse city .
hotel be old in need of update especially the carpet heavily stain . the per night price be too much in comparison to the condition and service for the hotel .
i be check in by a young lady who do not welcome me and be talk to other staff while check me in . she give me a room key that do not work . after travel 400 mile by car that day ... and have to carry my luggage to my room this be not a pleasant experience . i return to her ... she do ... more
my friend and i stay in tc every year for girl s weekend and love that the pool be 24 hour . highly recommend to anyone that need a room . clean with a great breakfast
we have a great time . hotel be clean bed and pillow be very comfy shower pressure be wonderful and the service be fast and easy . oh and 24 hour pool
nice clean room desk staff not friendly . old school key to open door but nice warm blanket heater work good shower pressure not busy would stay again . the blanket be warm and it be only 45 buck . area be a little hard to get to and no online site just find off service road . tub have burn spot so ... more
my husband visit albany for the first time to see the opening night of the dead company s tour . from check in to check out everything about our stay be friendly and convenient . we get a great price on a clean comfortable king room . the cookie at check in be delicious and a nice touch . the staff be friendly and very ... more
everyone be very friendly however room wasn t super clean and our shower temperature be all over the place while take a shower . need updating and small repair i think .
i ve stay at this place ever since it use to be a clarion hotel . i be there when they change the elevator and there since they finally change the carpeting in all th room . ok gang sorry to say i have some problem that i now can t stand anymore . the elevator need repair . they be so noisey . you guy have ... more
the room be nice and clean the price be very reasonable and it be only 1 mile from everything in cherokee . it be kid friendly and have a beautiful view right out the front door on your balcony . i be plan another trip in a few month and plan to stay here again . it have a pool and be right ... more
get room week at a time for work stay 3 week couldn t get no one to clean room.they say they will but don t. move hotel a week later owner wife show up at my job want money for damage to room 800.i didn t know what she be talk about she say she be call the law.i say ok.she leave and ... more
only hotel room in any of the 20 mile radius of cherokee nc i feel like the room be way over price and outdate advertise clean room but the curtain be dingly and old have cigarette hole in them it be pretty disgusting . the window be roll out window the bathroom be blue or pink tile smoky room uck if ... more
stay here for a last minute trip . be able to get into 2 bedroom suite due to a cancellation . right in the heart of downtown walk to everything . the room be very clean lot of space the most comfortable bed linen . i could see myself live in it the host be accommodate and make us feel welcome . would absolutely return ... more
on motorcycle and want somewhere we could park and walk around . perfect location . extremely friendly and helpful staff . the cook help us check in room tastefully decorate large bathroom mini fridge most comfortable bed we have ever sleep in . bar open from 4 9 p.m. . great drink but they don t muddle the old fashioned good bartender . restaurant have same hour . extensive menu ... more
after we go to the packer s game on oct . 11th we go to algoma and stay overnight at he hotel stebbin . we usually stay at motel when we be travel and stay somewhere right off of the freeway and usually a chain location . this be a sweet old hotel that have be keep up but still have lot of charm .... more
we stay at the north star lodge over the martin luther king weekend and be pleasantly surprise by the condition of the property . our room be recently renovate . it be spacious nicely decorate and have comfortable bed . a new lcd tv and dvd player be in the room . although the wall be paper thin earplug make sure i sleep soundly .... more
if you don t mind that it look like your grandma s spare bedroom you will be so happy with this place it be super clean very comfortable and have a lot of unexpected amenity in the room . we have a mini fridge a microwave coffee maker and a flat screen tv with a dvd player . the bathroom be spotless i m a bit ... more
this motel should not be list as an option . the room smell dank and the bathroom have a lot of black mold the carpet be tear the curtain hang by a thread . it s a place good only for the drunkard and other destitute resident who live there semi permanently . it s a disgrace .
the other review be obviously write by one of the owner . grossest room i have ever be in . only good thing i can say be they be nice enough to refund my my money so i could go somewhere else . i be write this from the super 8 few block away and i can still smell the stench of the ... more
great stay quiet and affordable . west texas be famous for its hospitality and this place contribute mightily to that reputation . i especially like the outdoor fire pit and sit area . i look forward to come back .
we be lay down for our third and final night here in room 11 . these be the most comfortable bed i ve ever sleep in the room be clean ac be good and chilly and the deep soaker tub be heaven we ve enjoy the courtyard charcoal grill . get to watch our kid play on a vintage metal merry go round have be so cool .... more
rustic looking motel with out west accent outside the room and in the courtyard . we stay in room 10 of 11 . the room be very clean and the bathroom have be remodel . deep tub surround by terra cotta tile . very comfortable bed . the owner be especially nice and friendly . she recommend a steakhouse one exit down ih10 and it be ... more
we pick this place to stay base on other review . i must say i have mix feeling about this place . we arrive late in the evening and be greet by a very friendly owner who as it happen grow up just a few block from where i also grow up in a city far away . we find the room very ... more
we arrive and immediately get tell we be at the wrong hotel . i pull out my confirmation prove that we be not . the gentleman go in the backroom and after much cursing yell and get them out of my hotel we be tell they be full and couldn t let us stay there . we feel genuinely concerned and leave even though ... more
enjoyed my stay at the hotel . it be very clean and have a pleasing dcor . i really like the in room work area . very comfortable set up . the room be clean and the bed extremely comfortable . i really like the complimentary shampoo conditioner soap lotion item . very nice . just don t forget your toothpaste and be prepare to pay 10 for your breakfast . this ... more
a great place to stay for business travel staff be very attentive friendly . constantly acknowledge you . food at bar be top restaurant quality and it s conveniently locate . bartender be also very friendly .
location be very important . this be on the door step to ever think beach . shop . and food mmm love food x there so much to say about this place unsure be to start . the staff be fabulous.the room be spotless could not fault then at all . i meet some lovely people from all over the world . we sit and chat ... more
this be build for an extended type of stay . they have a kitchen area large refrig microwave . a 12 cup coffee pot . nice size room . it s clean and pretty new but nothing special . it be build and be maintain for value and it deliver . not a bad thing at all just understand that s how this hotel operate . there be no ... more
recently spend 2 month at myplace in pasco wa . newly build hotel it look like so everything in the room be new and clean . the room be service every 4 day as advertise and the maid always do a good job . the receptionist up front be all nice young girl .
every labor day my husband and i try and make it back down to lavallette to spend the last unofficial weekend of the summer . our stay be once again comfortable and relaxing . the lamplight be locate just a block off the beach and nearby shop and restaurant be easily accessible by either walking or a short drive each morning we ... more
our motel that we book for the week make a mistake and could not give us the room . we go to lamplight motel and they help us out .if it wasn t for lamplight we would have to go home.nice room and staff .thank you again
i have stay at this facility once or twice a year go on some 30 year now . i travel by motorcycle rain shine cold and warm . the personnel i have interact with be always first rate helpful and friendly . the facility be clean dry and in my opinion complete with everything i have want need expect . the takeout facilities sunset motel ... more
our stay at this wingate be exceptional we be greet with a warm friendly staff . as a bonus we receive a goody bag of munchie and a water upon check in which be a pleasant surprise .
i stay at the wingate in erie pa this past weekend . everything be great the staff be friendly the hotel be clean bed and pillow be comfy breakfast be yummy . i would highly recommend this hotel .
room be cleanwell supplied . bedding be awesome staff helpfulpleasent breakfast be the best surprise of all fantastic
really enjoy the stay . great breakfast to get the day start then out for the day come back after dinner then go in the pool and hot tub to relax and wrap up the day .
hotel be very easy to get to . room be excellent as we be there for a shopping trip . breakfast be a bit crowded on sunday as most guest be leave on the bus other than that no problem
i have never stay at a hotel as dirty as this . the sheet in the window be rip the drain in the shower wouldn t drain and the mattress be as lumpy as i ve ever sleep on . the freeway noise be like the truck be go through your room
the hotel be clean and staff be friendly but the bed be rock solid and after sit in my car for long due to the weather my back didn t need any help in feel worse . breakfast be tasty but cold in the sit area be directly in front of the door where all the cold air come sweep in .
we stay here while visit family visit the wine festival . the hotel be clean the staff be very friendly . even house keeping be great . the 2 negative some people be get welcome bag while other weren t. there be some people complain in the elevator about this as we be go to our room . it didn t matter to us ... more
we come to visit our newborn grand daughter and want a place to stay on the beach . this be a refurbish hotel look like they be go for an ikea look and it be really ok . not bad not great just ok . the parking be kind of an issue but we do work it out . it be on the beach ... more
the hotel be in need of some repair it be in a good location but i win t recommend it i think you could have get a nicer room for the price
overnight stay to visit family
first of all the staff be very nice . however i be very disappointed in this hotel . the room be suppose to be 100 percent smoke free but the smoke smell hit the second i walk in the room . i call the front desk to ask to be transfer to another room but none be available . the front desk kindly offer ... more
the room smell terrible of smoke even though it say no smoke hotel . there be ashe on the floor and drunk man wander around outside the the hallway have trash in them . it be dirty and unclean
very peaceful and not from restaurant s and highway . very clean and staff be very pleasant
i book a superior room . upon check in i request a room down stair due to my inability to climb stair . be inform there be none . then she say wait a minute i have the handy cap room i ask if be a superior room and be tell it be . the room be not a supior room . i pay for supior .
bed be make poorly cigarette ashe in bathroom floor . over all a sloppy sleepless stay .
the room be dirty and very small . the air conditioner be very loud . there wasn t even a hair dryer in the room .
room smell like cigarette smoke . bunch of guy from another room have a party be rowdy and get drunk in parking lot right near office until 3 a.m. . clerk do nothing to quiet them down call the police etc . i be a little concerned when door to office lock at night and see a sign for weekly rate . i will no longer stay in motel with outside door . accommodation would not have be terrible but i guess when room be too cheap maybe doesn t attract best crowd .
book 2 room during family trip . get there late feel very unsafe room dirty have to put towel over desk chair because it be gross . stay at other red roof location and when i bring up this location they say they ve hear about this location . yell noise smokey smell room though suppose to be smoke free but if you see ... more
my stay be last minute as i do not feel like drive back to columbus i be welcome at the front desk by patty she have be with the hotel for30 year that say allot about red roof inn as a company it be her birthday but she make me feel like it be mine ... such a sweet welcome ... offer me bottle water .... and all i expect be a bed . thank patty you be awesome happy birthday again
it the worse motel in baton rouge la.it have bedbug don t rent from them the room be nasty rotten mattress in them the owner get rude when you tell her about it the health board should be notify cause there be black mold in rm 5 along with bedbug
disgusting . poorly keep room and ground . repair be as cheap as possible . unless you have no choice i would go somewhere else ... in a hurry know around town to be housing many unsavory guest . dirty no good a waste of money . even for a single night . the first night i stay my dog find a piece of a crack pipe . she ... more
my wife and i have a dual interview in lakeland in the early morning and this be a pleasant stay in a clean room with all new amenity . everything about the hotel be nice and clean the area be easy to get to and the surround neighborhood seem safe .
nice check in and out fast . the pool area like the frosted glass but if more than three double room go to the pool it exceed its capacity . i never like this in new hotel due size but that s part the flag standard . the hallways smell like nasty foot no so much the room . breakfast be to standard and know ... more
love the hotel staff rate amenity and location . overall great and worth the . i would highly recommend this location to everyone and will stay here every time we be in the area .
clean remodeled room ocean front new carpet new bed and furniture if they give you something else complain to get a new room ocean view be great only problem be front desk people suck i call morning of arrival and be tell i can have an early check in by a very friendly man . so we arrive even later than ... more
the place be good for what we pay . the two elevator wreak the three day we be there . the location be good . the room could use a renovation but it be spacious and i like that it have a fridge.the towel be terrible as in i have never have such cheap towel in a hotel and i usually stay at ... more
this hotel be dirty and it be a motel not a hotel as describe . we try to cancel after check in we be book for a four night stay through expedia but could only get half our money back . i m surprised ramada would put their name on this hotel at all . staff be not professional wore sweatpant and there be ... more
the staff be super friendly . 5 star for the young gentleman who check us in . the physical property be seriously in need of repair . the breakfast area be fairly dirty trash can and cabinet cover in residue . ramada need to invest some in take care of the property . give the wonderful employee something to be proud of .
the manager and the other people who work at ramada flagstaff be very nice and helpful . the room be very clean and comfortable and they have a great deal from papa john s which come in very handy since we be exhaust from a long trip and didn t want to go out for dinner . would definitely stay there again and want ... more
one of the few motel that take pet the motel be what you pay for . it s not fancy but basic enough for need . rick the manager be a really nice guy and really helpful if you need anything . i think a lot of people be rip on the place . yes it be a little outdated but we be fine and ... more
this be the to go place for one of my biggest client in kenedy tx . great service and great management i work with sandra the hotel manager the hotel on daily basis and she provide an excellent customer service . way to go fieldhouse inn .
i don t recommend anyone to stay there because this be the most awful hotel in wisconsin dell poor service disgust room not clean noizy hole on the wall don t visit this hotel never ever ever
nestled in cook forest it s a clean charming and rustic lodge . beautiful natural wood . the restaurant be amazing the quality of the food breakfast and lunch prepare to perfection . i love the quietness and the lovely 4 p.m. warm tea and fresh out of the oven cookie and muffin . it be a nice add touch the only thing i would ... more
just spend last weekend of october at gateway in cook forest and really like it . first the setting be lovely .... fall in cooks forest be the time to go . we could smell the woodsmoke as soon as we enter the lodge dusk be fall and little chipmunk scurry across a bank of rock illuminate by the lodge lamp . get there before ... more
we truly enjoy the forest atmosphere around the lodge . the room be great and the comfort level be excellent . it be very quiet in the lodge and there be lot of gather place to read or just relax . the morning breakfast be outstanding . the staff go out of their way to accomodate my dietary need . we will return .
my husband and i stay here this past weekend for a romantic getaway . all the staff be helpful and friendly and the food be wonderful . it be cool at night so the fire in the fireplace be welcome and we love have our own private fireplace in our room . we will try to get back there again .
we have stay at this hotel several other time and it have not improve . there be not many in the area and a football game at penn state that weekend fill those up and raise the price quickly . this hotel be old run down and lack many amenity but we sleep there only and be go during the day for ... more
the room be clean and well appoint . good breakfast and most importantly the front desk people be friendly and helpful . very hospitable they be very willing to help with restaurant suggestion and information about the area .
door start slam a toddler scream and a little dog yap at 6 00 on a sunday morning the owner get the dog under control but the door slam be a constant problem . not only the noise but the shaking of the wall bed when the door slam . also our room door rattle when someone else slam their door . the ... more
excellent service at the best western prarie inn albany oregon . thoroughly enjoy our stay at this hotel . be impressed with the bw staff upon check in check out with their friendliness professionalism efficiency . the hotel in general room be very clean well equip with towel i like how the bathroom be equipte with soap shampoo hair ... more
friendly and helpful staff at check in . offer on the go breakfast since we be leave before breakfast open . perfect location if attend the linn county expo center . great value compare to other local hotel .
room be modern attractive and spacious . this be locate perfectly for the sight we visit the 3 pool coast and family visit . staff be friendly attentive and helpful .
this be a great experience the staff be amazing.they be always wile to help friendly and professional . the breakfast staff be eager to help meet all dietary need . the room be clean and attend to regularly . parking be plentiful and the hotel proximity to local amenity be convenient .
this place should be close . it be dirty and un safe . upon check in the woman at the desk say she require credit card or cash payment up front should of be our first clue this place a disaster she would not hold payment until our check out like other hotel . when we get to our room what we find be outrageous . the ... more
we choose this motel because it be pet friendly . our room have 2 small queen size bed with a tiny bathroom . the bed linen and towel be a good quality . the shower need to be replace . the room cleaner do a very poor job especially on the rug which be in disrepair . we do note that the motel be redo ... more
we stop in elko for the night on april 2 on the way to reno . the place be not fancy but the room be clean decent sized and the bed be comfy . bathroom be good . shower work well . quiet . nice continental breakfast in the morning with a waffle iron . plenty of parking . place be downtown . i would definitely stay there ... more
i haven t have any previous experience with hampton inn but after read the review i think i would book my stay . i be not disappointed . the hotel be wonderful and i have absolutely no complaint . room be very clean bed be comfortable with crisp clean bedding staff be very pleasant friendly welcoming yet professional make us feel welcomed . housekeep ... more
a friend have make reservation to this hotel that i know nothing about get there from the atlanta hartsfield airport be a long but interesting drive be that it be my first time as an adult visit georgia . from the outside i think boy this place be go to be average but when i go in i be so pleased ... more
hotel key be require to lift the gate to the parking area which be a nice feature . very close to cumberland mall and ton of restaurant and shop . the young man work the front desk when we check out at be extremely friendly and helpful . most hotel employee don t seem sincere but he do . my only complaint be that we ... more
it s a clean place with friendly service . the bed be amazing . however my boyfriend and i check in hope of relax i ve be work extreme overtime at work the past two month . only to be disturb our first morning there by house keep argue in cursing in the hallway.also the main reason i choose this location be because they say ... more
my grandson be lock in the bathroom for 45 minute due to faulty bathroom door lock . hotel staff have no idea on how to get him out . my husband figure out what the problem be with the door and get him out . now my grandson never want to stay in any hotel ever again traumatic experience
great location and good service ... hampton inn provide an excellent service to its guest hopefully my hilton honor will provide discount to other property i plan to vacation during the coming year .
they didn t notice i have e check in didn t acknowledge honor status didn t offer any honor amenity didn t have any foam pillow in my room as request in reservation and in my member profile .
clean comfortable hotel with friendly and helpful staff
first room have an odor so they diid move us to another room . clerk very accommodating . hotel need upgrade doesn t give the impression it be keep up as it should be .
service be good room be clean
they be renovate the inn should not rent out the section they be work on . not much of a breakfast .
travel for work in independence iowa . weather forecast be not good . decide to stay overnight . lady at desk tell me area to go in case of tornado . also review siren as well as local restaurant . very professional and informative . i highly recommend stay here
we stop here often if we can not get a decent price in a wdw resort . we stay here on our way back from the master golf tournament . after drive 8 hour from augusta we try to check in at 2 30pm but be tell check in be 4 p.m. and they have nothing available at that time . desk clerk say she would ... more
we i have be stay at the baymont several time month for a week at a time since 2013 the front desk staff be always friendly and helpful my room be clean and stock . if there be ever any problem they be address immediately . it make me feel like i be an owner not just pass through . thank
we have a great stay at this hotel very near walt disney world the property and guest room be very neat and clean . the furnishing be attractive and the bed comfortable the breakfast buffet have many chorus include egg and sausage and the staff be very attentive by refill item and keep the table clean . we would definitely stay here ... more
our overall experience with this hotel be average . the lobby area be modern and update which also include a large dining area where complimentary breakfast be include . the nice thing about the room be that it have a flat screen tv microwave and refrigerator . the gym have a few equipment with most of it broken . the bed pillow be old ... more
this place be horrible . dirty inside and out . don t stay here you will regret . the best part be that they refund me the photo be of 2 separate room . i pull back the blanket at the end of the bed and find this the room be dark and dated . even the exterior be dirty . trash litter the stair well . many ... more
location be good if you be go to the disney resorts.good price . repair be need though . we have some issue with toilet run tub faucet drip bolt lock break and missing . sheet and towel be clean . microwave and little fridge in room with 2 queen bed . i would try it again .
this motel be definitely not a 3 resort so make sure you know that before book a room at the baymont inn and suites . the place be pretty shabby and rundown . the room i have need to be update as the sheet be dingy and the bathtub be old and rusty . the breakfast be so nasty that i have to ... more
it be a very lovely stay . the room be so beautiful bed so comfy pool be so refreshing we will stay again the thing that be troubling be check in with one person part of information be not correct when i mention this she state well you be stay only one night let that go she do mention it several time . then be tell us where the room be keep point behind us and say right back there repeat it . we didn t look behind us so she keep point i say do you want us to look behind us to see where you be point eye roll from her breakfast end at 9 and don t take any food out of that area let it go . the best part be she inform us of check out which be 10 not one minute after repeat it and do we understand my patience now about go about to ask for a manager and tell her a piece of my mind my very calm my daughter who be more patience then i just say thank you and take the key from her . walk away go to our room go to eat and a dip in the pool let it that go the night gentleman at your front desk be fabulous the mini fridge start make noise and send someone up . we go to eat the pool it be look at it . to bad that the noise have stop so we both think it be fix . when i say something to the front desk not same lady that next morning she say so very sorry and take the resort fee off . the stay be so very nice have a beautiful garden area will stay again
2nd time there and both time could not get a towel for every person in our group . they would not let us have them . every day we ask and every day tell they would bring them and never do . refrigerator freezer do not work at all . they lock us out of our room twice and then tell us it be our ... more
this be the dirtiest and worst run hotel we ve ever stay in . it be so dirty we have to leave early and find alternative accommodation . sticky carpet dirty linen ac and fridge not work . change room but no improvement no way could this be a 3 star hotel
upon check in our room be not ready . it be a non smoking room yet guest prior to us have be smoke inside the room . there be a cigarette butt in the corner of the room that house keep miss . there be an inch between the outside door and the wall allow bug inside of the room . there be not enough wash cloth inside of the room for guest . the next morning my daughter fall in the bathroom in the lobby and hit her chin and hurt her wrist . the day of check out my daughter have hit her toe on the concrete car stop cause us to go into the er . the hotel overall be loud and dirty . upkeep be poor . poor lighting . we could have pay the same price for a hotel room at a disney property
roomy great price very helpful front desk close to all disney park . they only serve continental breakfast . they have fridge coffee maker microwave in the room . this be really in kissimmee area between the street marker of 5 6 . very near to good restaurant supermarket .
i be a bit worried after see bad comment .well i have just have 14 night here bed and towel where excellent and clean .only use lift 3 time have the stair seem to quicker .the staff where excellent and polite.we eat our breakfast there and could not fault there be excellent choice even sausage and egg what more could ... more
it s hard to find an affordable nice place to stay in this area . the price be great and so be our room . the only thing i d change would be tray to take breakfast to your room because there be no where to sit . that s minor though .
i book this room by hotwire.com and think i be go to have a terrible experence because of how much i pay . how wrong i be the check in process be seemless the lobby be extremely clean and the employee be all plesent and helpful . the room be large and clean . to top it all off they provide a continental breakfast ... more
this be the second time i have stay here . the room be large and we have two double bed in ours . i do not use the pool but there be people in it all the time . we have to call down for towel and an extra blanket .
very good place to stay
this be my second stay here this year . unfortunately thing have get worse . sunday check in no towel . no shower curtain . no work ice machine in build one . ice only available at the front desk . seriously my room be on the 4th floor at the end of building 1 . by the time i get back to my room the ice ... more
i be completely satisfied with my stay . the continental breakfast be more than i expect . the bed be very comfortable and so be the pillow . beautiful room great tv and accessory . it be great
only positive be location and friendly staff . hotel be a dump and they add a surprise 15 convenience charge on top of everything . you win t see any mention of this charge on your reservation . lobby have be re do and look great but don t be fool . elevator area look like war happen around it . i ve see freight elevator in better condition .... more
the toilet make a loud noise when it flush and when the next door room flush as well . couldn t sleep all night and when we tell the front desk no even apologize nor try to compensate us for our inconvenience .
this be an okay hotel . while we be there the ice machine be not work the hotel staff have us retrieve ice from the kitchen in the lobby . that be the only big inconvenience for us . we stay on the first floor near the pool . the cleanliness of the room be a concern for me . i have to ask housekeeping ... more
our second time stay there for disney which be about 1 mile away . the bkft . be the same wish they would add potato even if they have to get rid of something else . the lobby be beautiful thought for dec . they really would decorate good not so . price be good on htl . eileen the woman work reservation be really nice .... more
i stay here recently while visit family who live about 30 minute away . what i like about this property be that it be very clean and offer free wifi . also its location be very convenient if you plan on use the highway to go back and forth to ft . benning . would definitely stay again
the room be clean neat and its surpisingly quiet . because its locate just near the interstate .. not a good selection of breakfast though .....
the front desk have the most negative attitude i have ever see in my entire life . he do not want to give us a room . he be not only rude to me but to other guest as well . most of them be elderly which really bother me . because he be so rude we do not stay 6 day as plan ... more
when i check in i tell the front desk manager that we need a late check out and to please not disturb us in the morning because my daughter be sick and have to cheer the night before and compete he next day that be say no knock just a man walk into our room at 8 45 i be ... more
the hotel be suggest by family member that we visit in columbus . we agree that the comfort and value be well worth the selection for our stay . if we should schedule a longer stay such as a vacation we would surley have no problem request to stay at a microtel again .
intially i think this would be a great place to stay . the customer sevice and facility be clean . however the room be extra small and not much room to move around . there be no refrigerator or microwave . everything be cramp in the room . the tv be a lg but the remote control barely work . also we do have towel but ... more
i be pleasantly surprised . stay 7 night . staff be friendly and accommodating . i wish i have get their name to send them a commendation . the unit be clean and well supplied . we have no neighbor or either side so we have lot of privacy . the common area be clean and well maintain . i know some reviewer have complain about the ... more
the resort be very centrally locate and the staff be great . on the downside the internet be really slow and at time nonexistent . the unit be clean but be in desperate need of update . the old style vertical blind let lot of light through no way to block out light even in the bedroom and the shower head be a ... more
nice kitchen full size ref and ice maker i will be back . only draw back be once you pull out of property to main street you must turn right and go down and make u turn or cut through another property to head toward dw
so my fianc an i stay at the hotel the night the front desk gentleman be super nice an friendly next morning breakfast be awesome . the room be very clean an if you want to take a hot shower . best hot shower ever . would definitely be go there again .
there be one issue after the other . we notice immediately upon enter our room that there be no toilet seat . travel with 3 female need toilet seat . go to front desk to be tell their be no other room available . a few hour later a toilet seat be bring to the room at which time we discover it didn t ... more
this be one of the worst hotel stay that i have ever encounter they have clean our room they leave the dirty sheet on the floor after they make the bed they didn t clean the bathroom it be just awful and i would never ever recommend this particular hotel to anyone it be really low budget the staff here at ... more
the third night we stay at the baymont in kissimmee . they have an elevator though it be less torturous to climb two flight of stair . we have two queen bed . linen be clean . mattress be comfortable . the refrigerator be warmish the microwave look brand new . every time in use my device i have to sign into the free wi fi again .... more
love them everyone be super nice . never have we have any issue with our booking or our room . good location . have a problem with our car and have to leave it there for a week and they be nice enough to let us keep it there while we figure out how to get it back home lol
the bed be wear out and roll to the middle every time you move the bed make noise . the tub be old and discolor . the towel be ruff and smaller . breakfast be a surprise and decent . it have hot waffle but there be not fruit available . the street get to this hotel have huge pot hole that could not be ... more
i m go to find one every time i go out of town ... i love it the housekeeping be very good front desk be very understanding ... room where very large and comfortable .... i m definitely stay again ...
book this room due to location it be convenient to interstate but it be situate behind a gas station . room be ok . spot on sheet but smell like bleach so you know they have be launder . they have on 3 1 2 pillow for bed . hate 1 2 pillow . breakfast be strictly average and seat area be in lobby . very weird .... more
best room we have ever have ... large modern modern bath area large fridge good wifi good lighting nice breakfast . plenty of shopping restaurant across the highway . close to airport . i would recommend this motel for anyone . probably best value for the money that we ve have .
our 2nd stay at this hotel . everything be great and we will be stay there again on our next trip . the facility be nice and so be the staff . bed be comfortable and nice breakfast in the morn . the computer in the lobby make it easy for us to print out airline boarding pass .
my wife abd i stay here for our anniversary weekend . clean hotel in need of update . food for breakfast be good . love tge make to order omelet . pool not open and the restaurant have just open but the price ... ouch overall good bang for your dollar . minute from the flower field and such .
this hotel be in a very convenient location . only 15 minute to tulip town and roozengaarde . everything in the skagit valley be easy to get to yet still not a lot of congestion in the hotel area . the include breakfast be pretty good but not great . best of all in my opinion be that our room be very very clean .... more
staff be great . room be large clean quiet and comfortable . breakfast be the best i have experience at any best western plus . the hotel be centrally locate and close to many restaurant and downtown area .
this hotel be clean and comfortable . very comfortable bed . sink and tub clean and drain well . everything in the room work . good breakfast include boil egg yogurt cereal sausage and make it yourself waffle . staff be very pleasant and attentive . plenty of free parking . indoor pool look appealing although i didn t use it . several restaurant and wine taste room within walk distance . free ... more
pro location downtown be three four block away nice freindly staff clean up to date room decent wifi con noisy thin wall and ceiling if you stay here get a room on the top floor . but there s no elevator too soft mattress no towel rack near the shower
upgrade to the ph dirty uninhabitable for crawl toddler infant . dead bug everywhere . the ph hadn t be care for in month . kitchen good working order . rust cast iron pan that should ve be remove . balcony grill well maintain but overhead vent not functional . pool next to construction site cold . away from construction site cold . service lack of follow through from staff to maintenance . incompetent as they didn t service the ... more
although this be one of our favorite place to stay on kauai we leave our busy schedule and the noise of the city to get away only to find we be overlook a very noisy construction site . we be tell we be give an upgrade . have we know we would have like the opportunity to choose a room away from ... more
this be a nice location close to good local food and excellent snorkel with nice beach close by . the host be kind and prepare a nice breakfast . the room be in a tin roof shed with screened opening . the farm doesn t appear to have have any work do in the last ten year but despite that the mature tree have ... more
call about a month ago reserve get a confirmation call from about 4 day prior to arrival polite professional and such a nice personal touch . check in about 8 p.m. on a friday night and be meet by joel who give us our key and offer info about the black river fall area breakfast area etc . another review website i visit ... more
this be my first and it will be my last . i don t believe these review regard how spectacular the front desk be when in reality they don t really help . i ask for a simple late check out and they couldn t grant it i m here on business so that extra hour could of help me move a better way but thanx ... more
my bridesmaid book this hotel for my post bachelorette party shenanigan lodge . it be very comfortable clean and spacious . i feel so spoiled that they book such a nice room for me . i wish i have picture to post .
our group meet in the portico room for a several hour business meeting . from organization set up lunch and friendliness of the staff it could not have be a better experience . they be very accommodate to the multiple request from our group and it be quite apparent that they pride themselves on service and guest satisfaction . our meeting attendee that ... more
le mridien be awesome consistently the best hotel in every city i ve be to one in . the le mridien in dunwoody be no exception . everything be beautiful and of the highest quality
well the hotel be good as usual for the group . room clean and large i be give club room access due to my travel status but i would not recommend anyone pay there be a few chinese spring roll and some cheese and cracker and some crisp . that s it . no decent food . no drink but water and weak coffee . do ... more
i have a ball really enjoy myself
awesome . friendly staff . shopping and dining close .
i always seem to have a great time at le meridien . i generally stay on the club level floor and it be always good . the attendant in the lounge during breakfast be always great . brenda go above and beyond every time i stay there . she even remember my name and be just very pleasant . this time a young lady name ... more
my husband and i stay here as a last minute weekend getaway and we couldn t be more pleased . i m not a fan of atlanta however this area be great . the hotel be directly across the street from the perimeter mall walk distance . the check in and out process be easy all the staff be very friendly . there be some sort of ... more
i m a local and have be come since the resort be build but on our visit last weekend thing dove to a new low . never mind that we spend over 70 so that two kid could play for less than 2 hour and we could attend to them 10.50 per person to just watch your kid . first we have to ... more
this resort be beautiful and ideal for a family vacation . we visit with my parent my sister and her family and my kid . we rent a 4 bedroom villa which be perfect for all of us and have plenty of space . the water park be fun for all age . the area look fantastic but we didn t explore much because of ... more
we need a room last minute and this resort be reasonably price . be hesitant because it s so kid centric but they win me over . staff be great and they put my husband and i in a room on the conference side away from the water park . the view of the lake be fantastic . the ground be well keep . walk distance ... more
we choose the blue harbor because it s a half way point for our family to come together and so the trip commence with 3 family pile into a 4 bedroom unit 730 villa . with 11 people you would think it would be crowd ... but not even close . from a fully stock kitchen with everything you need to cook large meal to ... more
i visit this location in october 2015 as this be our state conference site . i stay in room 340 which be a king suite city view room . check in be very quick and professionally handle they have 3 employee at the guest service desk . very spacious room have microwave mini refrigerator patio with chair could easily fit a family in this room . everything ... more
stay at blue harbor because my spouse have a work meet there this weekend . we thoroughly enjoy the bright and clean room . all the staff be friendly and accommodating . we do not require much but even as we pass them in the hallway everyone say hello and or hold door for us and be generally pleasant and professional . all go out ... more
this year we decide to rent a 4 bedroom villa for thanksgiving day instead of have our get together at our parent house which can get crowd . there be 15 of us in total . we swam at the waterpark in the afternoon wristband include in villa rental and then go back to the condo for our evening meal and game night . the ... more
this be out third christmas at blue harbor last year and this year we have notice that thing have go down hill . this year our condo be not clean very well . dirty carpet dirty oven dirty refrigerator no soap or shampoo in bathroom . the water park be show a lot of wear and need update and clean as well .
we live only an hour from this resort so it s one of our go to place for a long weekend . we prefer the loft suite two double bed downstairs with a full bath tv area fireplace and balcony and another bed upstairs with a half bath . the suite be always clean and housekeeping be prompt and courteous . the water ... more
the room be not what i expect the room didn t have a refrigerator or microwave like describe the hotel do need update the staff as friendly the parking lot be well lite the room be clean ac heat unit need some service if you use the safe in the room you will be charge for use it
room be dirty black hair and grass on bathroom floor tub liner be disgusting old tube style tv and only have 1 washer and 1 dryer . i have a handicap and be put on the 2nd floor about 11 12 room away from the elevator . no luggage cart available which make it difficult for me to bring up my belonging . i would not recommend this super 8 even though it be close to all we want to see in the dayton area .
stay here to finish my last week of work before prepare to move to las vegas very comfortable great staff housekeeper be awesome
the response from the desk be basically too bad not our fault . so much for customer service
we arrive in town at 10 a.m. and ask if we could check in early . we realize we be very early but hope we could check in before 3 p.m. . we be tell we could not check in early even though the place be almost a ghost town there be 3 car in the parking lot include ours and i wonder if the other two belong to the worker . when we come back at 4 30pm to check in we be tell we would need to get a second room as we have 2 teenager plus mom dad and 3 toddler . we ask if our toddler could sleep in a pack n play or on the floor . they say no so we ask for a refund so we could make arrangement to stay somewhere that would be more accommodating . they refuse to give us a refund and call the cop . the cop arrive a few minute later . after hear both side the cop ask the hotel to give us a refund but the hotel refuse . after an hour and fifteen minute we agree to stay there for that night and find another hotel for the next night but still no refund be provide . to top it off the hotel be terribly dirty and run down . the pool area need to be paint as you can see the concrete all over . the room be dirty . this be our worst hotel experience ever .
hole in shower break toilet seat . facility be wear and need to be update .
we stay here one night 9 14 prior to my spouse have a medical procedure do in southaven as it be a 1 1 2 hour drive from home and the stay make life much easier . the hotel parking lot be clean and well light as we arrive after dark . when we enter the lobby it smell very clean and look nice as ... more
my experience be not as a motel guest it be as a strand female biker in need . i be overwhelmingly bless with an amazing genuine and truly warm welcome and ready assistance . kathy kile and her daughter instantly come to my aid a regular customer even offer me a ride to harrisonburg 67 mile away . hog roadside assistance be unable ... more
couldn t be nicer front desk be courtesy at check in . clean room no bed so comfortable . front desk call 10 min after check in to make sure everything be ok . fresh and nice breakfast selection .
clean room but not a good one ... over the mechanical room and noisy ..... break shower head bracket which fall on my wife s foot .... impossible to get breakfast in the morning with long line up and no food ... no front desk support to solve problem
if you have travel down long straight road for hour and hour and be in need of some rest and comfort with a touch of elegance this be the place for you . not only be this small family own motel in pristine condition but the couple that run it give it an extra special something . as part of a road ... more
stay overnight after see rascal flatts concert . clerk have personality of dry white toast . not mean or disrespectful just not particularly friendly . the elevator smell like a sewer pipe as if a sewer main have bust and be discharge into the elevator shaft . room be decent size but bed horribly uncomfortable . lumpy and right side sag so bad my wife almost roll out of bed a couple of time . she be a petite girl so it wasn t weight or anything just a worn out mattress a couple of extra pillow would have be nice but didn t ask for them so can t really fault the hotel there . the window to the room be literally the wrong size too small for the opening so a nice cold wind blow into the room all night that the heater struggle to keep up with . end result be room be too hot or too cold and the heater dry out the air so badly try to keep up with the cold blast from window we both have bloody nose in the morning . not impress overall . will pay the extra 20 buck to stay at the courtyard next time
the staff be courteous the hotel be right off the highway and close to good dining option as well as a gas station but quiet . the neighbourhood be decent and pleasant to walk around . the waterslide be fantastic and there be several good and hot breakfast option . they be mindful of our online request though i make reservation far in ... more
our stay be excellent i don t normally give high score but the hotel and staff be top notch . our room be clean and cool . any time we need to ask a staff member a question the staff member smile and be generous in give information of where thing be in the city of salina and abilene . i rate the hotel overall a five .
i have stay at this particular location multiple time over the last several year and have always be happy with the courteous and professional staff . breakfast be always fresh tasty and a very good selection of item . the room lobby and breakfast area have always be clean and presentable . thank to the staff for the hard work ... very much appreciate
we make our third overnight stop at this hotel in 2015 and once again be very pleasure with it . the room have be very clean the staff welcome and attentive and the breakfast better than most continental breakfast .
we plan a last minute 4th of july trip and be lucky enough to snatch up a cancellation at the crooked hook resort . chuck and sharon be extremely helpful . they answer question over the phone through email and assist us practically all hour of the day while we be there . i could have easily spend half of my vacation hang ... more
me and the wife and my daughter and my son in law have the best vacation ever . we come all the way from arabia to explore this wonderful place and experience the wild west . 4 day of super time live the real wild west . it be just like the movie . we could not have ask for better than this . the ... more
if you be decide which upscale price ranch to experience for western adventure stop right here the hideout be the place the property be gorgeous very well maintain . the cabin be spotless lovely king sized bed with crisp sheet they have lot of room and be beautifully decorate . the food be superb a new chef this year i m tell each meal ... more
very clean well keep hotel . the staff be friendly and efficient . nice bonus have a salt water swimming pool and hot tub indoor .
excellent customer service and the room be exceptionally clean . would not think about stay anywhere else . the free breakfast every morning be great with a variety of option . quick drive to the redmond airport and the shuttle service be very helpful .
we have stay at this hotel about once a year for the past several year . it be always just as advertise . we only need a place to shower and sleep . the staff be polite and professional the room always clean . the room have a tv fridge microwave coffee pot and they offer breakfast . for the price we pay it be ... more
stay for 2 night with 2 dog really clean hotel for be pet friendly the staff be really friendly . also great steakhouse next door very convenient . no complaint at all .
it may look a bit dated as see from the road and most of the the room we have stay in be on the small side but the utilization of space and attention to detail be amazing . breakfast be the basic typical fare very relaxed in the bright cheerful lobby area .
although the employee be very nice and friendly and the hotel be clean i can not give it more star because the room be tiny and the bed be the most uncomfortable i have ever sleep on . blanket be also thin . continental breakfast be adequate .
this an older motel but keep in great condition by the owner . very clean and quiet . park the motorcycle right outside your room . reasonalble rate too . would definitely recommend . for the motorcyclist ... ride up to lake of the cloud ... worth the ride and nice scenic road in the area . ask for an old towel from the owner to clean the bike . access ... more
this be a pretty dated budget roadside motel in ironwood but it be clean convenient and the host be gracious and fun to talk to . we get one of the last room available and it be above the lobby . it have tiny narrow aisle with four count them four bed two regular one bunk that they say be ... more
this be such a beautiful clean hotel . a fantastic location with great staff . our first night be very loud so they happily move us to a different room the next morning . the little coffee snack bar on each floor be such a nice touch make it easy and convenient to grab a coffee or water . plus the decorating be on ... more
we stay for 4 night and enjoy every minute . each and every member of the staff be friendly and helpful . the coffee water fruit cookie at the refreshment station on each floor be clean well stock . the entire hotel be immaculately clean . bed be very comfortable and the spacious bathroom be luxurious . we have breakfast deliver ... more
west st . hotel be locate in the prime waterfront area of bar harbor . it be a gorgeous boutique hotel room with water view be stunning decor in lobby and the rest of the hotel be beautiful but the best part be the staff .... go out of their way to help and attend to your every need . can not wait to go ... more
we stay for three night at the west street hotel after experience two disappointing night at another hotel . the staff here be wonderful and helpful . the amenity be amazing . we love the rooftop pool and the view amenity include the bar harbor club which house a workout room and sauna . it be wonderful .
gracious upscale lodging within a short walk from the downtown fun of bend . from thump s great coffee across the street or the amazing and secret coffee nook lone pine down tin pan alley or great food a block away at zydeco ... mm maybe just a house vegeburger in the basement cafe . oxford be a great base for both outdoors ... more
stay at the oxford a couple time now and it have always deliver . welcome staff that always greet you with a smile and ask how they can help . this past weekend our suite be amazing and have the perk of a large balcony and steam room shower with two shower head which be perfect after a long day of skiing .... more
first let me say that i m the frugal one in my marriage but my husband book this hotel because we be celebrate our wedding anniversary . i be skeptical because it be a little pricey . grant i m sure for bend it s average . boy be i surprised . the oxford be one of the most amazing hotel we have stay in . our room ... more
very highly recommend . outstanding staff . great location . spacious room with very comfortable bed . tastefully and creatively decorate public area and room . restaurant very good as well . stand out as a unique and exceptional vacation experience .
this place be just a pleasure in every way . great staff great room and great location . the hotel run a shuttle to the airport which be really convenient . i love the gym and restaurant . in the heart of bend and convenient to shopping etc .
we be in the buffalo area and need an unexpected spot to crash for the night . room be clean . it s an older motel so keep that in mind . nothing boutique or special . but for a bed and place to land it work . the advertise continental breakfast be a stretch it be coffee and apple . plan on grab food some place ... more
nice and clean compare to allot of place out here . great staff .. next time we come out here we will stay here .. the bathroom be very clean and the room be not too hot or too cold . like i say will stay there from now on ..
i be excited to find this place for a road trip down the oregon coast since it have such great review from other traveler . unfortunately it be a bit of a disappointment . it s locate right on the 101 so while very convenient the road noise be pretty loud in the room especially if you keep your window open no ... more
for a super affordable price you will get an impeccably clean room gracious and friendly check in and assistance and old time amenity that include a fire pit picnic table and horseshoe pit there be also a mini dog park and they be very pet friendly . it be conveniently locate only a mile south of florence on 101 and nearly directly across the ... more
the room be old dirty run down . the rig be filthy . the drape be tear . i would never stay there again .
great
staff be very helpful and courteous .
location not too bad . close to lot of restaurant . there be blood on the sheet i inform the front desk and they didn t even come to change it .
nice affordable close to campus . big room . clean . great breakfast . great value
large room and reasonable price . however old building need update . breakfast same everyday . no spa tub . work for us as we know we would only be there to shower and sleep and be close to the university where we be visit our son .
we be stay for one night for the boa march band competition . i review all the picture online and read the review . you will always have mix review . base on the information i decide to book the night . the hotel lobby s door be break . the front staff upon check in be not personable . they provide us the room and upon enter that part of the hotel it be not too clean and this have me worried . i have read about a newly renovate part of the hotel and pray we would have it . no such luck . the room smell there be a dirty toothbrush in the corner of the room . there be also a burn mark on the carpet from an iron . i be so embarrased for my family that i actually book this . we stay anyway because i do not want to lose my money . upon wake up my back hurt so bad i couldn t breathe . i could not wait to go home .
be prepare for your stay here . we find a safeway grocer nearby and that make the stay a lot better for our dietary need . the hotel be well run but no elevator . they even have a waffle maker for breakfast full choice of on the go breakfast item . the staff be really nice helpful and knowledgeable . but remember no elevator .
the only good feature about the room be the price . although clean for the most part it be list as non smoking but it be clear the room have be smoke in . maintenance be very poor . the toilet tank cover be miss and the seat would not stay up . the coffee service in the room have not bee replace in age . there be a small balcony outside the room but there be hole in the ceiling cover it . also the building be not secure at night . anyone could walk in . the building be old and really need to be renovate .
not the most restful hotel in the world . the air freshener make a bleeping noise every 82 second and the front desk didn t even try to fix it prefer to let it bleep through the night . then room service bang on my door twice even though the do not disturb sign be on the door . wi fi bandwidth be great room be clean .
good for the price . the handle on sink pop off when we first arrive but they fix it promptly . staff all have smile and be very helpful .
front counter friendly but the bed be very uncomfortable and the tub be dirty and drain slow .
the room be absolutely horrible . it stink an be hidious sleep on couch because bed look like sheet never be wash . do not stay here for your own health .
worst hotel experience ever . very seedy place .
quiet . clean . friendly . reasonable . what more could i ask for
second time stay here as an overnight stop towards our destination . room be clean . friendly s next door . close to i 95 . typical continental breakfast ..... bagel waffle maker yogurt fruit cereal etc .
the stay be for business and the room book through my office . it be prepay through expedia . the room be filthy stain burn mark bug and it smell terribly of smoke book a non smoking room . the bathroom be extremely dirty and there be no way i could shower in it . one light in the room work all other do not . i video tape it because i have never experience anything like this . i immediately go back to the manager and express my concern . he would not give me a refund so i tell him i would take it up with my office and their credit card company . there be no way i be go to stay there . i drive home 2 hour and have to drive back the next day for my business event . it be that bad and i refuse to stay there .
i have work at disney for the last 8 year so i be very hard to please . we do not have a lot of money to spend on this trip . i be very reluctant to stay in a cheap hotel . to my surprise this hotel be clean comfortable the breakfast be great . i will stay at this hotel again . i be pleasantly surprised .
i will stay here again can t beat the price but be not impress this time . this be the 3rd time i have stay here in 2 week . i be in line at the front desk to check in 1 person ahead of me and literally 3 family total 15 people behind me and the guy at the desk spend five minute on the phone while everyone wait talk apparently to his manager about who be come to relieve him because he though someone quit . i stay in the 3rd building this time and it be a huge difference from build 1 which be nice . build 3 be not in as good a shape the hall be dirty and it be like go into the motel 6 . def should stay in build 1
the room ac be leak cause the floor to be wet around the window and ac . the hair dryer and phone do not work . the fire alarm go off in the middle of the night . the sheet have crumb and sparkle on them . maintenance fix the problem but its ridiculous they do not inspect their product .
great location . front desk staff very accommodating . will go back .
i didn t stay . i check in for about an hour and be totally disgusted from what i see and smell .. room be dirty the slide glass door be break and it have no screen to cover the door if u open it . furniture be break the refrigerator be dirty the curtain have cigarette burn and dirt mark all over them . i would not recommend this hotel at all .
this hotel be new and extremely clean trust me ... i check every corner and the nice girl at the counter i think her name be tari or something similar be very helpful and knowledgeable . i definitely recommend this hotel . it be right behind a big shopping center and just 30 minute from galveston
this be a very nice hotel . even with its location near downtown it be very nice and very clean . i would recommend this hotel highly to anyone travel to lexington . the fitness center be great
it be a good place to stay . staff be friendly . hotel seem a bit run down but the proximity to attraction and restaurant be convenient . my husband and i clean the room as it be not quite clean as we want it to be . there be a microwave and fridge in the room which be not mention in the room ... more
we re hilton honors member and always have a good experience at any of there property . we stay at homewood suite for 2 3 month every year visit grandchild and relative accumulate enough point to stay free at any of there hotel between florida illinois wisconsin . save us a lot of money we like that
the outside look great the inside not so much . dirty stain carpet in the hallway . dirty floor in the elevator . bathroom not clean long black hair on the floor . chair in the dining area stain .
hotel experience a fire in one of the room . while i understand that this be not avoidable from the hotel staff i be surprised when i check out . i have to stay in the parking lot for about an hour and 1 2 after midnight . when i check out later in the morning no rate change be make or bonus point ... more
i be only stay one night stay but have be here for work before and this place be consistent good every time . only thing that could have be better be the heating air conditioning be a bit loud .... i travel with ear plug .
my daughter and i stay here august 2015 . the price be good but you get what you pay for . the desk clerk s young boy be in the lobby when we check in . she be apologetic because they be rather unruly . why her husband couldn t take them to the store with him i don t know . he probably didn t want to be ... more
we check into this hotel and i be so surprised how much it have change . we have stay here several time when it be a day s inn . the room smell so bad it would make you sick to your stomach . no wash rag so we ask the desk clerk and her response be i will have to call someone to ... more
hotel room be filthy dirty . room have heavy odor of mildew and my allergy indicate mold be a real problem in the room . toilet have issue even after i report it to management and they say they fix it . door have no deadbolt only a push button lock to secure the door . bedding be dirty . room have not be ... more
we love our stay here . very accommodate the owner do not speak real good english but be very kind and want to please . we ask for a non smoking room and it be nicer than a smoking one . we get a excellent rate can t complain about good rate and a comfortable bed and a quiet area . we stay in room ... more
not operational when we go by . look very run down and overgrow with vegetation . so if you be look for an investment property and a challenge this property would fit the bill . good luck to the current owner and the new owner .
we will certainly stay here again it be so nice and clean and comfortable . we feel safe and secure inside our room and outside . all of the employee we come into contact with be so friendly and helpful.and close to lot of thing to eat and see right beside the motel ... and so peace and no noisy at all ... in night .i ... more
the good near restaurant and shop wifi and price . the bad . reserved non smoking room with king bed put us in room with 2 double . they correct this . kitchenette consist of small microwave and fridge . no lamps alarm clock or radio in room . room wasn t particularly clean straw and small trash in corner crumb by night stand ground not ... more
have to make a last minute reservation to be in cincinnati ohio overnight for an emergency . need to be close to the hospital so we book the springhill suit cincinnati midtown . i be concerned about it be noisy because of how close it be to the road but the glass in our room be sound proof yes sound proof no ... more
picture must ve be old . i get what i pay for .... somewhere to lay my head and shower late at night from long drive . only good thing be they put us where it be quieter . stairwell and walkway be not renovate and smell like urine .
you get what you pay for . i will leave it at that .
it be very convenient for my visit . good hotel for the price .
spend three day at the western inn . this stay be not plan ahead of time but i be so happy with the result . the room be clean and well keep . the staff family be very helpful and davey father have a great conversation over a glass of wine he game me . i be pleasantly surprised about billing in general . the ... more
this facility be ok if you like an apartment type atmosphere . i do not enjoy have to take a walk outside to get to the breakfast area each morning . it be also an inconvenience not to have an on site exercise room . a very good alternative be provide a short distance away but i d still rather have a treadmill available ... more
amazing and super courteous staff . cleanliness be impeccable and the atmosphere be very inviting . better than good breakfast buffet as well . would definitely recommend as i will also stay here next time i m in town .
i stay here on business and be never disappoint . friendly and courteous staff clean room good breakfast to start the day . the shuttle can take you to the blue line to take you to downtown charlotte so you don t have to worry about parking downtown .
we be there for a wedding and our stay be great . i would recommend this place and we will love to visit again . breakfast be great the worker be more than helpful the reception hall be not far from the hotel
i stay in this hotel 3 to 4 time a year . room be always clean and the staff be courteous and quickly resolve anything that may come up . all staff member go out of their way to ensure you have a pleasant stay .
my wife and i stay with our dog at this pet friendly hotel . we have an amazing experience . john wehringer go above and beyond to accommodate our need . the hotel be clean staff be friendly and the price be very affordable . you can not beat this pet friendly hotel anywhere in the valley . we will definitely be return to stay .... more
my stay at the red roof inn start out with great customer service from john wehringer . he be very helpful and make sure all my need be be meet . he also take the time to make sure i know of bad weather come in that night and the follow day to ensure i be prepared for it . the room itself ... more
i absolutely positively enjoy my stay at this hotel i highly recommend it . that guy john w. at the front desk be the greatest love his positive energy and his enthusiastism he make my day . the price be definitely right room be very spacious and well put together ... i will definitely be back
i love red roof my home have a fire and me and my family have no where to go . john wehringer bianca robin charlotte you guy be angel the room be so clean also thanks you to housekeeping . it s like home away from home ..
we stay 1 night as a stopping point for our trip and be very surprised great staff clean room and good coffee it s be a while since we use a red roof inn and i must say i like the update we will be back during our next trip
i travel extensively with my job and i can say without a doubt this hotel be absolutely one of the best value i ve find . well tended welcome with great room it s so nice to find a clean well appoint room at a price that fit the average person s budget . the staff be perfect friendly down to earth and professional . i especially appreciate john wehringer s ... more
i don t write many five star review . but this place be great . for starter i foul up my reservation and it automatically cancel . the cheerful amazing danita at the front desk fix me right up and be able to make me a new reservation which be lucky since hotel in this area be often fill to capacity and one can be ... more
no evening reception be not nortifie of not have one on thurday or monday during my stay . come in lobby there be nothing . none of staff front desk say anything about not have the evening reception
once you get settle you feel like you be in the country . you would never know rio grande blvd front this property . the room be comfortable and the bed allow a restful night s sleep . it s only a short walk to the nature and you can walk for mile . it s easy to find and convenient to old town . sue be so ... more
we have arrive after 4 00 pm to get our key and we observe that the room be recently clean by hotel staff . we book our room on line and the price be reasonable . we come to this place to shop at the birch run premium outlet mall with our canadian family relative and friend but some of them couldn t make it ... more
nice hotel good price . need a hot breakfast add . we ask for extra pillow and be tell they do not have any . pillow be worn and small .
i go to tybee island for fun and relaxation 2 or 3 time a year and i always stay at the royal palm . the staff be always friendly and the room while very basic be always clean and comfortable . the motel pool be great and it s only a one block walk to the beach . i ve recommend the royal palm to many ... more
i stay at room 239 to be honest it be very disappointing experience .. breakfast be ok .. but bed ... noisy bathroom .. all be poor .
call labor day 2015 we stay part of the weekend to locate a couple lose bathing suit and scott call me back tuesday locate the suit dry them out before send them to me . he make several call in that time frame to verify the item and really go the extra mile . thank you
although clean this hotel be in great need of renovation . breakfast be the usual selection . front desk be most helpful when we inquire about a local church and their time of service . tha hotel be very close to several restaurant within walk distance and the interstate and most importantly the ice arena .
the hotel be very clean great employee room perfect size and pool and hot tub well keep . the location be perfect for shop and get around the city . my teenager love the breakfast bar . i would recommend this hotel to anyone .
we have stay at this day inn several year ago and it have go down hill since then . the breakfast be minimal and the equipment in the fitness room do not work . the sink in the room be outside the bathroom which be inconvenient . the room be clean however as be the corridor and hallway . the location be good with ... more
the entire staff at the day inn make us feel welcomed and at home during our recent trip to the area for my son s college regional playoff
place be old smoky and run down . the location be awkward to get to .
we travel for baseball and be give a team rate offer at this hotel lower than other location . we be tell it have be remodel and they add a new water slide so we decide to give it a try . when we pull up to the hotel and convention center the first thing we notice be the overgrown landscape a ... more
not the best hotel but it be clean enough and comfortable enough . not sure what to expect when we arrive and have to pass by someone in the parking lot entrance ask why we want to get through but it be okay . average be the best word . win t choose this place again but not bad .
the bed be hard . too few outlet . overall a good place to stay .
this be third stay at marriott and we have be please with all phase of service and comfort that marriott offer to their visitor . they offer a great breakfast and the employee go out of their way to take care of us . if the visitor have their own rental car they can visit the complete vegas area as they wish . we come down for the nascar races and we be happy with each visit . my boy and i recommend marriott for a great place to stay in vegas
nice clean . conveniently locate to strip . shuttle to mandalay bay new york new york every half hour
i stay here at least once a year for the last 3 . i hate the strip hotel traffic this be a great alternative to the strip but within minute if you be go to the strip or any where else in vegas and minute from the airport and only a minute from the freeway . quiet clean comfortable and nice staff .
will definitely return as this suite have everything i need and more
this place be very nice and clean . the location can t be beat it s within walk distance to everything in town . the staff be very friendly and helpful . we have a really enjoyable stay and will return again .
i thoroughly enjoy my stay at the holiday inn express suite in the quaint and charming german american town of frankenmuth michigan . it be a very well locate hotel close to all the main attraction and main street and make it easy to explore the town . like most of the holiday inn here in canada that i stay at huntsville ... more
great location on the beach but room be really tiny especially the bathroom . the free wireless internet be useless as in our three day stay the signal be too week to access not even once despite our room s nearness to the management office . no excuse for that .
a great location for beautiful sunset great food close by and whale watch we really enjoy our stay .
we book this hotel for our trip in september 2014 and we couldn t be more satisfied . upon arrival the front desk clerk be very friendly and welcoming . our room be nice and very well keep . it have a c high speed internet a mini fridge microwave safe iron with iron board a well work tv plus more we love that there be a laundromat ... more
when i come into my room i do a check for dust i m allergic and find a rather thick collection on the headboard and lampshade . when i request for it to be clean while i be away check in at 3 p.m. and leave the hotel at 4 pm it be not do . i call the night manager that night and he make ... more
i make reservation online through the wyndham rewards website and when i get to the hotel the desk clerk inform me that he would have give me a better rate but since i book online he couldn t change anything . the hallway of the hotel reek of cigarette smoke . there be a loud argument go on down the hall from our ... more
they have their shuttle pick me up at the airport . my room be clean and quiet . overall a pleasant stay . staff be very friendly .
the roosevelt staff be very friendly and ready with suggestion for tour and restaurant . the room be spacious and clean . be centrally locate it be an ideal spot for reach all of downtown seattle . additionally it be easy to reach via link light rail public transportation from the airport .
ac be central but control in office in block of 10 room . so if you be hot they will turn it on and if someone else complain they be cold they turn it off . craziest system i ever hear of . i be able to switch to a room with a window ac but it be barely adequate to cool on ... more
we book this facility because of the good location the picture online the description we get over the phone . it do not deliver management be very poor.r the facility be dirty . the meeting room be in a basement with the weight room a smelly dirty unusable kitchen bathroom . they should be ashamed of the condition of this place what they charge . there be actually many long term guest that reside there from what we could tell as well.r r not the plac ... view moree for a good night rest in a clean room . look elswhere.view less
there be a mix up with our room and it be not handle well at all . we return to change clothe before dinner only to find all of our thing have be pack up and be sit behind the front desk
i stay here for a business meeting be hold in a nearby and much more expensive hotel . the staff be very nice helpful the hotel be clean and be recently update . the complimentary breakfast be excellent and the fitness center well maintained and clean . there be a small bar in the lobby with reasonably price drink but there be no ... more
comfortable and clean room and bathroom . delicious breakfast . perfect location for our activity along the river with its newly construct river walk . renovation of this building in art deco style be superb enjoy the architectural design be part of the experience . highly recommend this hampton inn .
we arrive before 9 a.m. and be able to get our room . helpful friendly staff . great location . clean . comfortable bed . good selection for breakfast . will definitely stay here if i m ever in chicago again
good location . excellent staff . brilliant stay . accommodation be clean and room spacious enough consider it be locate in heart of the city . magnificent mile on doorstep almost . although hotel be full with nfl draft visitor the hotel maintain high standard . no hesitation to recommend
they double charge us for valet parking . for 2 night we pay over 260 and they have yet to reimburse us . expect to wait over 45 minute to have your car fetch from the valet and pre arrange for them to retrieve it before check out .
nice hotel very friendly staff nice breakfast enjoy the stay very much . nice large bathroom
room be very clean staff be friendly continental breakfast include . do not have any extra outlet for charge electronic device . this may be resolve as the staff take our advice to install an outlet extender that be screw in so it could not be take from the room . overall a nice stay for the price .
if you don t mind stay in an old hotel for one night for a low rate then you win t mind stay here . however this hotel be something from the 1960 and need alot of update . be clean though .
we stay at the allatoona inn s lake home . we be very disappointed that the house be quite a walk from the lake not on the lake as advertise . the lake be beautiful but we be not able to use it as not all of the people in our group could make the walk to the beach . the house although cute ... more
i try to be fair and objective in my tripadvisor review because i take other review seriously when book a hotel . unfortunately the wyndham garden elk grove village have be one of the worst example of bad customer service i have ever encounter . the hotel s bad customer service and even worse shuttle service leave our party out an extra 70 ... more
if i can i stay here when i come to town . price be reasonable staff be kind and attentive breakfast be hot and option be nice especially fresh fruit and there be ample sit room . the hampton have a nice location off the main street 320th but close to anything you may need gas shopping starbuck and lot of restaurant .... more
great service and food . no complaint they be very hospitable . when i travel i try to stay at the hampton inn if there s one near by . price be afordable and you can t beat the breakfast in the morning . there be a huge variety of food and on sunday s they serve an even greater variety .
great property with friendly and helpful staff . location be equally convenient to tacoma and seatac . lot of convenience and shopping within close proximity . property be clean well maintain . prefer this over other lodging in the area .
the layout of the suite i have be the best room design of all hampton i ve reside in previously . it be perfect for the entire family the layout give us plenty of space . this be a combo business family trip so the fact the kid have access to an indoor pool and we be locate within easy drive distance to both seattle ... more
i be always pleased with my time at a hampton inn . i stay for business but would recommend the hampton inns for anyone travel for any reason . the room be very comfortable and the staff be extremely caring and friendly . location be good and i find that hampton inns be consistent with their service and quality wherever they be .
i need quality rest during the day because i work at night and be tired be not an option in my line of work . the hotel staff make sure there be no issue with noise and the room be very clean and comfortable
very nice place to stay when in asheboro . staff be super friendly . room be what you would expect for a fairfield and clean . free breakfast be actually quite nice with plenty of option . i would certainly recommend this hotel to business traveler .
while the property be new and have great potential they also have the rudest staff management i have ever experience . i m a platnium marriott member and have never before be to a hotel that try so hard to make me uncomfortable . i shorten a 7 nite stay to 1 nite and find another hotel in the area that be happy to have my business and make me feel comfortable .
we visit every year for wine tasting . the richland courtyard by marriot be always a excellent experience . the room on the ground floor be especially nice with high ceiling . the riverside view be nice but i prefer the other side as there be some traffic noise from the highway bridge even though it s quite a distance away .
i have never stay at such a nice day inn before . the room and bathroom be huge . so clean and new looking . lady the bathroom have the longest granite counter i have ever see . the sink shower and toilet be so clean and sparkly .... i be really impressed . very friendly clerk and spotless breakfast room . i definitely recommend this hotel .
we have stay here 5 time in last year . we need pet friendly room . great view . service be great staff nice and friendly . plenty of grass area to walk our dog . bed very comfortable .
we be regular marriott client have rarely be disappoint . this be a very disappointing occasion . first the room be not ready when we arrive the desk clerk be either rude or lack experience and knowledge but at the least be not accommodate . courtyard now host starbuck so no morning coffee and complementary breakfast . the room be satisfactory clean and rather ... more
stay for two night august 2015 easy to find even for us brit swift and efficient service to our room i be sweat need ac room be simple and fab . drink and greeting at recepton .......... cool ......... and soo welcome . indoor pool in august not really but plenty of lovely spot outside with seat chilli s the shade . curtsy bus into town ... more
the lobby be nicer than a motel 6 but everything else be motel 6 well except the price ... motel 6 cost about 1 4th of the price of the courtyard marriott . this courtyard even have the standard motel polyester comforter white but still polyester . the staff be nice . i enjoy my stay at the courtyard but be expect more than the ... more
love have a space that we feel could be our own instead of a motel room . very clean and everything we need for cooking . great location and very pleasant folk to deal with . the fact that we be stay in an historical building make it even more charming .
we stay here for a night while explore around escalante . we be very tired and the new bed be so soft and excellent we get a great night s sleep here . nothing fancy but very cozy and warm . we visit in the winter when morning temp be 10f
we reserve several room for our large group . we be impressed with how clean and comfortable our room be . we love the guidebook in the room and the friendly staff . we use the fire pit to roast hot dog and marshmallow and appreciate the free firewood . this be a great location across the street from a fantastic pizza place and ... more
this motel be a good surprise . our room be very clean and still smell of bleach . the floor be hardwood not carpet . i guess it s because of the pet allow it s also easier to clean . overall this motel be an excellent option in escalante and don t miss the attach restaurant circle d eatery which be very good .
our room be 24 second to the last away from the highway . we have book 17 but we be tell that the occupant be extend . the room be different price and differently equip . no real detail be offer as there be no consistency room to room . there be a porch allow the front of the room . the railing be fall ... more
comfortable room in a great town . nothing fancy just right for a stop on a road trip . rob give us great desk service and local advice . room face the sunrise with be lovely . guide book in the room be a nice touch and we find some great slot canyon from these . make our trip even better .
love this place . wanda check us in after 2 day of camping . she be worth her or my weight in gold find her in the restaurant at night she be everywhere and always with a smile and warm welcome . what a find best place in town . on the westside of town with a spanish adobe look . the room have ... more
search for a family reunion site for 50 folk in buffalo wy we find this place by accident when drive by . jim the owner greet us and be extremely helpful in determine if this property would work . besides cabin for couple family with kid we need a central place to cook out eat sit around watch the fire ... more
my wife love the exterior from the moment she see the house and she like our room as well . i think the older style of the house and room enhance our stay in amish country . the breakfast be tasty and the host cater to my wife s and mother s dietary restriction . the host be friendly and i feel welcome in their ... more
on arrival my husband and i need to walk through the overgrown shrubbery to get to the front door and it have just rain . needless to say our pant and shoe be wet . our first impression on enter the premise be that it be very run down . to me there be an odor . it need new floor and paint . when ... more
the candlelight inn be great . the room be so pretty and cozy but extremely clean as well . the owner be very friendly and hospitable . the complimentary breakfast in the morning be delicious . i highly recommend stay at this bed and breakfast
we have stay at quite a few top rate bed and breakfast before so my expectation be high . we book this one last minute on the recommendation of a friend without even really check it out . we be attend a show in lancaster and the location be perfect . it s quiet but just down the street from the downtown . i will be honest both ... more
hal and karen ct we ve been stay at the cmv for many year . it s a good value . the room be not fancy but very clean and comfortable . if you re look for the ritz this isn t it but it s a great place in an ideal location . the restaurant be great . very good selection with excellent flat bread pizza and great ... more
worse place ever.room be dirty no clean linen smelly everywhere.owner be not there to get refund.wish we do not check in.maid do not want to clean the dirty room say not feel good.thisplace be a dump
go for dinner and food be amazing . only problem be the owner ray be waste knock drink over and we stay all weekend and every night he be drunk . my gf say he wouldn t stop groppe her . nice place but need new ownership .
we can t remember how many time we have stay at brewster by the sea over the year . each time it be a relaxing and memorable experience . byron and donna make us feel like family each time we visit . they be wonderful host and make every effort to ensure we have a perfect visit . the room be beautifully decorate and comfortable .... more
i be not a guest but go to spend time with family and friend who be stay there and be quite surprised at the quality and friendliness of the inn . even think i be not a guest i be treat as if i be . the room and the common area be well appoint and the attention to the possible need ... more
very comfortable quiet and relaxing . we always look forward to the daily breakfast . menu always include juice make fresh with berry grow by the owner and melon and then a main course . byron the owner be wonderful . staff friendly . look forward to return next summer .
this be a plan getaway for 3 sister celebrate special birthday . everything be above and beyond our expectation we feel like the innkeeper have think of everything we stay in the refugio suite which be more than we could have ask for . lot of room with a beautiful outdoor sitting area overlook back garden . a welcome box of truffle ... more
i recently stay at brewster by the sea while visit my parent . this be the sister property to the captain freeman inn in brewster . our stay be perfect and i know it would be as i ve stay at the sister property twice . our room be lovely . a 4 poster king bed fireplace and comfy chair .. impeccably keep property . breakfast be fantastic ... more
i pull into motel parking lot that be empty except for homeless guy with his shopping cart . motel sign light blink as if burn out . break bed frame toss away at side of building . didn t even get out of car go to hotel next door . when call to cancel be meet with question as to why owner not very understanding .
i love birch bay getaway i use to go every cpl week for awhile . go back for the first time in over a yr be just like i remember it . this past weekend we even bring our 1 yr old and he be able to crawl all over without worry of him get into anything.the cabin be cozy and comfortable ... more
staff be excellent and very helpful and accommodating . stay in cabin3 ..... absolutely love love love it . very clean and stock with everyday essential for cook out and dining . would recommend highly and i already have my week book for july . can t wait . thank to the staff that make our stay outstanding .
take more than 2 hour wait to check in to our room . otherwise stay be comfortable . have issue with slow wi fi connection .
all in all an ok experience . they have a little continental breakfast every morning so that be nice . there be a denny s across the street so i do that a few morning because i be a fan of a big breakfast variety . there be a gas station right next to the hotel that have a good selection of drink and snack so that be a bonus because i didn t have to walk or drive far to get these item . a shout out to whoever make the towel elephant . i couldn t bring myself to take it apart it be so cool look
never ever again . the rate for this room be to high . dirty old room smell like an ex smoking room . keep the door close highway behind the window and moskitos . personal be not friendly . badest best western i ever have .
room have a bad smell and shower do not work . room be not clean . it have a drity bathroom . speak to front desk and they do nothing . call customer service do help by give a free night stay . room do not look like the picture .
room be not clean and smell . hotel culture need improvement and need better staff training . management need to be train in hospitality .
i wish i could give this hotel zero star pro the continental breakfast be decent con what the hell do that room 217 reek of pablo the manager .. refuse to do anything about a room that smell like crap maria the house keeper be a liar say she smell it but it be something we do to make it ... more
stay here for a volleyball tournament close by . room be what you expect for this price point . have a decent breakfast . easy to get to from interstate .
the south street hotel cost about one half of the rate at the hanover inn . true you do not look out your window onto the dartmouth green but you can walk to it in two block . our room be spotless and comfortable the staff be welcoming and helpful . the only quibble i have with it be the air system seem to ... more
i have be stay here for 4 year when i visit my son who attend boise state . always a great experience they let me check in early room be comfortable and spacious and the breakfast be great . it be a great location and the hotel staff will drop off at most location within boise .
small town on the state route unexpected delight with hotel room . comfortable clean and incredibly gorgeous view of the beach water sun . nice to also have the picnic table hot tub . access to town a breeze because the town be so small . parking be easy . easy to find
it be hard for me to review an oceanfront hotel . i go for the ocean and not necessarily the hotel . while this place be definitely far above average there be just a couple of thing that need mention . firat the good . very very accomodating . the staff be versatile and seem eager to please . our room be very clean and modern ... more
absolutely terrible .. i be tell i be be give a non smoking room . i walk in and it smell of smoke with a ash tray sit on table . check in late . smoke be miserable .. check out as i type . police be in parking lot as i be pull in . people walk through parking lot head back to house in back of hotel .. avoid ... more
filthy outdated noisy neighbour but this be not the worst . we be nearly eat by the bed bug more agressive than denali bear . i would not reccomend this hole even to my worst enemy . next day we need medical help .
