paper. on cap, sitting man a bench, and in t-shirt, a A shorts park reading a	A man in a t-shirt, shorts and cap, sitting on a park bench, reading a paper.
the in rolls back on A grass. his dog	A dog rolls on his back in the grass.
grassy Two fenced brown dogs white on brown a running and yard. but	Two brown and white dogs running on a grassy but brown fenced yard.
to ears wearing energizer point bunny women attraction. Four an	Four women wearing energizer bunny ears point to an attraction.
runs leaves. and black brown through dog A the	A brown and black dog runs through the leaves.
standing a Two by background. by the is the ; each grab referee other wrestlers in arms	Two wrestlers grab each other by the arms ; a referee is standing by in the background.
Small, sand. running hairy in the dog	Small, hairy dog running in the sand.
of A through the hiking grass. are scouts group	A group of scouts are hiking through the grass.
dog the is on and running brown A beach. black	A black and brown dog is running on the beach.
up red clay walking path. Hikers	Hikers walking up red clay path.
tall backpack A person grass. hiking through the with large a	A person with a large backpack hiking through the tall grass.
fruit a standing A Linet at people are of group in stand.	A group of people are standing in Linet at a fruit stand.
after running A on is a boy grass. woman the	A woman is running after a boy on the grass.
jumping is step. skateboarder being A off photographed a	A skateboarder is being photographed jumping off a step.
A hockey helmet. player in	A hockey player in helmet.
in tutu yard. dances girl in A purple a the	A girl in a purple tutu dances in the yard.
dog Small leash on brown	Small brown dog on leash
on A ramp tricks a wall of skateboarder front with performs graffiti. in a	A skateboarder performs tricks on a ramp in front of a wall with graffiti.
white green and man t-shirt a on a young a standing stump. shorts and wearing black	a young man wearing a white t-shirt and green and black shorts standing on a stump.
in gets Jeep wheel A high mud.	A Jeep gets wheel high in mud.
carrying large hoop. is A a small child	A small child is carrying a large hoop.
of in Two a area. parking cars on a race front road grassy	Two race cars on a road in front of a grassy parking area.
and stand woman holds one purple a together Two cloth.	Two woman stand together and one holds a purple cloth.
dog A a track. down running dirt	A dog running down a dirt track.
Basketball players huddle.	Basketball players huddle.
grassy field. dog a small obstacle an in A jumping	A small dog jumping an obstacle in a grassy field.
quickly a shirt boy road. skateboard A in down riding the red a	A boy in a red shirt riding a skateboard quickly down the road.
jacket man mountains. a of yellow in standing a front in rock on A	A man in a yellow jacket standing on a rock in front of mountains.
is with tennis a playing A beagle ball.	A beagle is playing with a tennis ball.
A people of group performing.	A group of people performing.
pony. bucket a holds a boy A up to red	A boy holds a red bucket up to a pony.
of on bunch rugby play A a men muddy field.	A bunch of men play rugby on a muddy field.
of front and group pose together house. a stand A people of in	A group of people stand together and pose in front of a house.
muzzles a racetrack. greyhound round corner the dogs of wearing Three	Three greyhound dogs wearing muzzles round the corner of a racetrack.
a The child brown while child man holds the horse. pets the	The man holds the child while the child pets a brown horse.
little park-like Asian off-camera. holds points area, girl's hand woman in	Asian woman holds little girl's hand in park-like area, points off-camera.
wrestle in boys, other The teal, one the in sand. orange the in two	The two boys, one in orange the other in teal, wrestle in the sand.
a dog A object its tan carrying in small mouth. is	A tan dog is carrying a small object in its mouth.
Santa's sitting girl is A on young lap.	A young girl is sitting on Santa's lap.
down a Asian a away carrying pink street. is city an walking girl busy bag	an Asian girl carrying a pink bag is walking away down a busy city street.
rail. bicycler balances A on bike a his	A bicycler balances his bike on a rail.
sandy hang a area. over gliding A is person	A person is hang gliding over a sandy area.
back in water. ocean bend a girl the performs A	A girl performs a back bend in the ocean water.
with a wields long boy in A dressed hat a brown plaid kilt a pole.	A boy dressed in a plaid kilt with a brown hat wields a long pole.
around a turns jumping dog A is as on beach. he	A dog is jumping as he turns around on a beach.
man trick. a doing The and is parasailing	The man is parasailing and doing a trick.
An grass. tall runs antelope through brown	An antelope runs through tall brown grass.
down a children rolling hill grassy Two	Two children rolling down a grassy hill
to Big little dog bite trying dog	Big dog trying to bite little dog
walking beach. the Six beside dogs	Six dogs walking beside the beach.
sit Two unusual people in on the an distance rock formation.	Two people sit in the distance on an unusual rock formation.
The pipe. off launches skateboarder a quarter	The skateboarder launches off a quarter pipe.
A with snow. brown sit a in ball green dog the	A brown dog with a green ball sit in the snow.
a Group on brick plaza. of people	Group of people on a brick plaza.
baseball for slides playing A home. person	A person playing baseball slides for home.
beach. running the on A young girl	A young girl running on the beach.
the " at with lead headband woman walking ". saying rescue a holding of sign A a a crowd, the	A woman with a headband walking at the lead of a crowd, holding a sign saying " the rescue ".
grassy noses a field. touching brown A and in black a dog dog	A black dog and a brown dog touching noses in a grassy field.
the dirt blue his wearing is The shirt in putting little boy mouth.	The little boy wearing the blue shirt is putting dirt in his mouth.
metal a cannon loading men several	several men loading a metal cannon
and dog black the A in water. white frolicks	A black and white dog frolicks in the water.
bottles. jackets pink by water tree girls in Two stand with a	Two girls in pink jackets stand by a tree with water bottles.
building. a are in front people The standing of	The people are standing in front of a building.
Three are playing children badminton.	Three children are playing badminton.
cap man a and wearing A scarf. bowler	A man wearing a bowler cap and scarf.
runs between leaf-covered stream A narrow hills.	A narrow stream runs between leaf-covered hills.
whips hair A the her woman of out water.	A woman whips her hair out of the water.
stand people statue. at gaze and a Two golden	Two people stand and gaze at a golden statue.
climber a take mountain photo. prepares to The	The mountain climber prepares to take a photo.
mouth running its in with ball Dog a tennis	Dog running with a tennis ball in its mouth
pink a a in navy blue riding A a bicycle. hat coat woman and	A woman in a pink hat and a navy blue coat riding a bicycle.
chainmail a street man on codpiece. and leather the A wearing chaps	A man on the street wearing leather chaps and a chainmail codpiece.
Dogs in each enjoy other chasing the park.	Dogs enjoy chasing each other in the park.
kid skateboard. trick on A a doing a	A kid doing a trick on a skateboard.
reeds a dog into with A lake in background the walking	A dog walking into a lake with reeds in the background
four with dogs. These 3 standing are outdoors, people	These four people are standing outdoors, with 3 dogs.
sit check and mountainside out the People the view. on	People sit on the mountainside and check out the view.
a helmet biker A downhill. rides mountain colorful wearing	A mountain biker wearing a colorful helmet rides downhill.
playing black and Man with beach white dog. on rocky	Man on rocky beach playing with black and white dog.
in blue surf. in standing shorts boy A the	A boy in blue shorts standing in the surf.
a is a sidewalk person people. railing with A by rollerblading on	A person is rollerblading on a railing by a sidewalk with people.
trick a doing on A a bicyclist ramp.	A bicyclist doing a trick on a ramp.
grass dog wide and white is with on standing mouth black the open. its a	a black and white dog is standing on the grass with its mouth wide open.
A sidewalk. and the black white shirt in on walking a pants longsleeve is man	A man in a white longsleeve shirt and black pants is walking on the sidewalk.
shirt a demonstrating A is a man in product. striped	A man in a striped shirt is demonstrating a product.
as sets. A being played soccer sun the game	A soccer game being played as the sun sets.
climb a man to struggles wall. rock A	A man struggles to climb a rock wall.
A near the is water. looking at dog something	A dog is looking at something near the water.
table. A asian a at of a young children group pose for picture	A group of young asian children pose for a picture at a table.
stairs. The skateboarder a does down jump	The skateboarder does a jump down stairs.
A young a face her relaxes deck. hiding a with woman purple cloth on wooden	A young woman with a purple cloth hiding her face relaxes on a wooden deck.
the and back. on a A is motorcycle on man woman sits a	A man sits on a motorcycle and a woman is on the back.
street. jumping a on A dog small	A small dog jumping on a street.
man the into is water. The diving	The man is diving into the water.
white the from water. dog the marks brown bank into A jumps with	A white dog with brown marks jumps from the bank into the water.
man kissing. and are A woman a	A woman and a man are kissing.
riding water. surfers are in two open waves	two surfers are riding waves in open water.
a around a boy pole shirt hanging brown red wearing young a	a young boy wearing a red shirt hanging around a brown pole
a game. A at coach	A coach at a game.
goofy Yound make the people for faces camera.	Yound people make goofy faces for the camera.
brown in with is white humping and dog man's A back. mouth a a pink over Frisbee its	A brown and white dog with a pink Frisbee in its mouth is humping over a man's back.
around Three a race bicyclists curve.	Three bicyclists race around a curve.
mud. the in stuck A dirty jeep is	A dirty jeep is stuck in the mud.
woman path. skirt in A down walks a a	A woman in a skirt walks down a path.
city wearing two a men black in	two men wearing black in a city
motorcycle. is a A person riding green	A person is riding a green motorcycle.
a person as A fancy trick watches air the in does snowboarder a	A person watches as a snowboarder does a fancy trick in the air
and boy driving little Man large a brown SUV.	Man and little boy driving a large brown SUV.
A the next stairs to sits bike. his man on	A man sits on the stairs next to his bike.
by girl a sitting blanket. pink coat, black a by a is rock hat, black covered The but is gloves black wearing	The girl sitting by a rock is wearing a black coat, black hat, black gloves but is covered by a pink blanket.
Three sitting campfire a around night. men older at are	Three older men are sitting around a campfire at night.
are being pulled a raft and by they the water. onto boy holding are girls a one Three road as through	Three girls and one boy are holding onto a raft as they are being pulled by a road through the water.
mid-swing. in player A tennis	A tennis player in mid-swing.
at lake. white is A a a swan in swimming looking dog	A dog is looking at a white swan swimming in a lake.
by down garage. a man A walking a street	A man walking down a street by a garage.
park. Two walking boys a girls two and in	Two girls and two boys walking in a park.
white of in Smiling front truck. a girl	Smiling girl in front of a white truck.
dress. off way removes a model to fancy a tan coat A show run	A run way model removes a tan coat to show off a fancy dress.
in a field boys Three playing soccer	Three boys playing soccer in a field
watches. boy out green who ball while in of older his a down holding falls A man shirt in arms reaching front another smiles has and boy a an	A boy holding a ball falls down in front of another boy who has his arms reaching out while an older man in a green shirt smiles and watches.
a pale through romps tan dog area wooded A	A pale tan dog romps through a wooded area
sliding knees. a Boy on down his slide	Boy sliding down a slide on his knees.
little the The girl enjoys playing in playground. indoor	The little girl enjoys playing in the indoor playground.
space. cream third while a a woman into in Three eat ice store children world stares	Three children eat ice cream in a third world store while a woman stares into space.
dog black white swimming. and is A with a in stick its mouth	A black and white dog with a stick in its mouth is swimming.
takes white in Asian coat woman photo.	Asian woman in white coat takes photo.
them. in little watch an Two girls air the adult of and bubbles float front through	Two little girls and an adult watch bubbles float through the air in front of them.
buildings. tall with in street people of lined Crowd tan	Crowd of people in street lined with tall tan buildings.
holding man on a written homeless cardboard a sign	a homeless man holding a sign written on cardboard
Two car. race in orange an people	Two people in an orange race car.
with black making a of and white a jump underneath. pile in top A on blue snow skier a sign	A skier in a black top making a jump with a blue and white sign on pile of snow underneath.
dog haired in runs mouth. a stick white A with its curly	A white curly haired dog runs with a stick in its mouth.
in dogs Two woods. running the	Two dogs running in the woods.
game. just during football play A a beginning	A play just beginning during a football game.
campsite A a tent a in forest. and sunlit	A tent and a campsite in a sunlit forest.
black a through river. dog a swimming	a black dog swimming through a river.
Skiing No behind people standing the snow in Three a sign.	Three people standing in the snow behind a No Skiing sign.
thin white A a walks dog and light on railing. brown	A light brown and white dog walks on a thin railing.
and Three dogs, one black blond, two the run in snow.	Three dogs, one black and two blond, run in the snow.
brown grass. the dog a jumps over	a brown dog jumps over the grass.
her lady sword shows A	A lady shows her sword
A performer small a for half-naked outside. is crowd performing	A half-naked performer is performing for a small crowd outside.
dog water A shakes off	A dog shakes off water
a and with a little wearing green is girl The a white peace sign T-shirt sea tutu. foam	The little girl is wearing a white T-shirt with a peace sign and a sea foam green tutu.
The next snow other. angels make to each children	The children make snow angels next to each other.
swinging bags. Two girls	Two girls swinging bags.
flowers. jumping near tie sneakers from in and yellow Boy white black down dress steps slacks, shirt,	Boy in white dress shirt, black slacks, tie and sneakers jumping down from steps near yellow flowers.
dog the in A snow.	A dog in the snow.
forest. in dogs white Two playing a	Two white dogs playing in a forest.
run dogs are down. baby as the Two mothers pushing strollers	Two mothers are pushing baby strollers as the dogs run down.
on the sits lit the a front another and a in up ship A person is distance. of and city deck ships	A person sits on the front deck of a ship and a city and another ships is lit up in the distance.
past shed. person A a brick walking	A person walking past a brick shed.
Little baseball bat himself and spins to make forehead on his the dizzy. puts around boy	Little boy puts his forehead on the baseball bat and spins around to make himself dizzy.
young helps too her. is A that big a a on bicycle balance for girl man	A man helps a young girl balance on a bicycle that is too big for her.
cliff Man edge chair near of sits on fishing	Man sits on chair near edge of cliff fishing
and Football players white in and jumping red are hugging.	Football players in red and white are jumping and hugging.
his boat still A through very on is water. rowing man	A man is rowing on his boat through very still water.
water. blue the sit men on dock Two overlooking	Two men sit on the dock overlooking blue water.
looking smoky is at woman a The exhibit.	The woman is looking at a smoky exhibit.
fancy Two girls palm. large green dresses are near a blonde silver standing in	Two blonde girls in fancy silver dresses are standing near a large green palm.
shorts down A with a the off wearing cut dog. woman walks street	A woman wearing cut off shorts walks down the street with a dog.
the the ground carrying a fence another wooden is its by sniffing Frisbee in mouth. One dog dog is whist	One dog is sniffing the ground by the wooden fence whist another dog is carrying a Frisbee in its mouth.
set. stick, on the children, of is sun as one begins a to standing holding beach the Two which are	Two children, one of which is holding a stick, are standing on the beach as the sun begins to set.
splashed child in indoor is water pool. by an swimming A	A child is splashed by water in an indoor swimming pool.
bathing suit blue girl a across walks beach. A the in	A girl in a blue bathing suit walks across the beach.
at girls a party. drink two	two girls drink at a party.
each smoke Two from automobiles race behind. other pour and	Two automobiles race each other and pour smoke from behind.
to picture and silver it. women a a point of object Two take	Two women point to a silver object and take a picture of it.
spectators. a car on sponsored its while track by tires race is watched being spinning A	A sponsored race car is spinning its tires on a track while being watched by spectators.
singer out Hawaiian a belts The tune.	The Hawaiian singer belts out a tune.
dog A tall through is grass. running	A dog is running through tall grass.
one Men picture a women in takes ; hard-hats and	Men and women in hard-hats ; one takes a picture
A girl sliding yellow yellow a down young shirt with a slide	A young girl with a yellow shirt sliding down a yellow slide
haired straw tree. in and under gray White hat bench a a sweater a man on sitting	White haired man in gray sweater and a straw hat sitting on a bench under a tree.
A group carrying poles swords. and children of	A group of children carrying poles and swords.
top boy red in tree. a is hanging upside a down a from	a boy in a red top is hanging upside down from a tree.
A climbing. man, rock glasses, is wearing	A man, wearing glasses, is rock climbing.
others watch. up man towards the A as basketball hoop jumps	A man jumps up towards the basketball hoop as others watch.
of group mountain scrubland, background. in the walking A a a people in	A group of people walking in a scrubland, a mountain in the background.
yellow on the is greyhound track. running black wearing A muzzled and dog	A muzzled greyhound dog wearing yellow and black is running on the track.
bus sits bench a red A with on a in and woman them. white near blue jeans man green behind pants a in	A man in blue jeans sits on a bench near a woman in green pants with a red and white bus behind them.
Two in a pool. children swimming playing	Two children playing in a swimming pool.
wearing baseball some the near steps. boy, jumps A air in cap, a	A boy, wearing a baseball cap, jumps in the air near some steps.
as A small and smiles eats. she child looks	A small child looks and smiles as she eats.
a water. tennis A pool of dog out ball a of fetches	A dog fetches a tennis ball out of a pool of water.
A windsurfs man ocean. in the	A man windsurfs in the ocean.
blue set. hanging boy play eyes a off A with	A boy with blue eyes hanging off a play set.
points across in street. dressed stands woman girls white the A one a with gown other up,	A woman in a white gown stands with other girls dressed up, one points across the street.
red carrying dogs through their running Two are and water float rope a mouths. in	Two dogs are running through water carrying a rope and red float in their mouths.
in A girl front a in is striped shirt of armoire. an pink	A girl in a pink striped shirt is in front of an armoire.
open. A dog high, mouth with its jumps	A dog jumps high, with its mouth open.
a ball chasing snow. dog A in	A dog chasing a ball in snow.
woman smiles guitar front A of microphone. with in a a	A woman with a guitar smiles in front of a microphone.
the slide arms. down outstretched sliding with Boy	Boy sliding down the slide with outstretched arms.
bag a black walking in blue sidewalk on talking on Priest and cellphone. carrying	Priest in black walking on sidewalk carrying a blue bag and talking on cellphone.
A sitting the while a on girl wooden to looking in side a shirt bench. is black	A girl in a black shirt is looking to the side while sitting on a wooden bench.
slope. on A a high mountain skier	A skier on a high mountain slope.
a dog black A near shoreline from leaps wooded water the	A black dog leaps from the water near a wooded shoreline
a There the an players is ice hockey ref one and near with of goals. game,	There is an ice hockey game, with players and a ref near one of the goals.
white brown the A beach. dog on and	A brown and white dog on the beach.
sitting are in and man woman water. the The	The man and woman are sitting in the water.
some geese. A black dog and spotted following behind white	A black and white dog following behind some spotted geese.
bike A red the jacket man his picture. a in holds for	A man in a red jacket holds his bike for the picture.
blue a and a younger A down dog wearing woman both knit jackets snow a running and on caps, side. slide sled, at girl, their hill a	A woman and a younger girl, both wearing blue jackets and knit caps, slide down a hill on a snow sled, a dog running at their side.
pictures ground. over snow Two people taking covered	Two people taking pictures over snow covered ground.
a boy skateboard park. a skateboard A does at jump	A boy does a skateboard jump at a skateboard park.
for are Three picture a women posing	Three women are posing for a picture
in a swimming A boy playing pool. young	A young boy playing in a swimming pool.
a basketball is hand huddle. girls team doing A 8 of	A basketball team of 8 girls is doing a hand huddle.
near book, people Two sitting with hair, over chairs on huddled flowers. and brown	Two people with brown hair, sitting on chairs and huddled over book, near flowers.
A embankment. stone person climbing a	A person climbing a stone embankment.
mountains. The distance gazes into the some at snowboarder	The snowboarder gazes into the distance at some mountains.
woman piggyback a The is man a ride through a park. giving	The man is giving a woman a piggyback ride through a park.
on man snowboard. jumps a off a A ramp	A man jumps off a ramp on a snowboard.
park. on at a skate boy a A skateboard	A boy on a skateboard at a skate park.
skate wheels indoor its up center. his board kicked back a onto in skateboarder has an	a skateboarder has kicked his board up onto its back wheels in an indoor skate center.
the other dogs in each grass. Two approach	Two dogs approach each other in the grass.
woman The white beside a brown in hair the hair fleece woman. sits blue	The brown hair woman in the blue fleece sits beside a white hair woman.
in red and hockey guarding A player the goal. blue	A hockey player in blue and red guarding the goal.
lays the A on big dog ground side. the looking tan to	A big tan dog lays on the ground looking to the side.
dog in jumping black a toy. and a air the get to white	a black and white dog jumping in the air to get a toy.
bicycle. a his railgrind on teenager A performs	A teenager performs a railgrind on his bicycle.
two volleyball hit try the ball. female players to	two female volleyball players try to hit the ball.
puddle in is splashing water. duck a A of	A duck is splashing in a puddle of water.
duck body black in dog ahead, slightly takes A a of while, water swims a flight.	A dog swims in a body of water while, slightly ahead, a black duck takes flight.
red a mountain. a a stands red near A jacket hardhat in and person	A person in a red jacket and a red hardhat stands near a mountain.
surfing ocean. a wetsuit in in woman A in the	A woman in a wetsuit in surfing in the ocean.
man on small surfboard a a another toward paddling and A wave it. surfing man	A man surfing a small wave and another man on a surfboard paddling toward it.
the running along Boy girl and beach.	Boy and girl running along the beach.
yellow vehicle, inside. sits In two rural BMW on blond outdoors, woman of people roof	In rural outdoors, blond woman sits on roof of yellow BMW vehicle, two people inside.
for child go the players soccer ball. Three	Three child soccer players go for the ball.
playing Two are men basketball	Two men are playing basketball
a in posing and for room brown camera. man woman A the a	A man and a woman in a brown room posing for the camera.
large A dog. and a small brown dog white	A small white dog and a large brown dog.
sidewalk. waiting on Couple	Couple waiting on sidewalk.
looks the of the older into A man wrap camera on orange a sidewalk city. a in	A older man in a orange wrap looks into the camera on the sidewalk of a city.
in dog air. is jumping the The	The dog is jumping in the air.
store. fountain A convenience a at getting are drinks group of people	A group of people are getting fountain drinks at a convenience store.
a in A runs dog field.	A dog runs in a field.
bicycles. woman identical a stands row of near red A	A woman stands near a row of identical red bicycles.
snow A and ice. running on dog	A dog running on snow and ice.
are group shells men of A changing the a on cannon.	A group of men are changing the shells on a cannon.
A on log small river. dog across walks a a	A dog walks on a log across a small river.
island. hotel from a Three artificial jump into children pool an	Three children jump into a hotel pool from an artificial island.
flag A is behind recording red something a with man him.	A man is recording something with a red flag behind him.
people Two dreadlocks. with	Two people with dreadlocks.
hat white in guitar stage. a A plays a on man	A man in a white hat plays guitar on a stage.
satchel woman bills. holding A is full a that dollar of is white	A woman is holding a white satchel that is full of dollar bills.
getting a A is salon. woman at hair her done	A woman is getting her hair done at a salon.
walking. path a two truck chip end of people Lay's at potato and A the	A Lay's potato chip truck at the end of a path and two people walking.
midair. is race dog numbered six A	A race dog numbered six is midair.
orange a them. between and dogs Two holding green toy	Two dogs holding a green and orange toy between them.
Four up at hands girls the holding beach. while jump	Four girls jump up while holding hands at the beach.
party. a The wedding side brides of	The brides side of a wedding party.
dog yellow thrown Frisbee catches by gray-haired A a a man.	A dog catches a yellow Frisbee thrown by a gray-haired man.
in a young a boy barn. green near air rides the A through swing	A young boy in a green swing rides through the air near a barn.
a wetsuit in water. young boy in the A black surfs	A young boy in a black wetsuit surfs in the water.
snow through his something the in A dog while carrying walks blindfolded mouth.	A dog walks through the snow while blindfolded carrying something in his mouth.
tackle. footballers a Three in	Three footballers in a tackle.
a man A on bicycle. the ground leaving	A man leaving the ground on a bicycle.
in ramp. A the is skateboarder a after cement up skating air	A skateboarder is in the air after skating up a cement ramp.
snow. dirty race riders motor-cross through Two	Two motor-cross riders race through dirty snow.
its dog in a mouth. has a caught bird black	a black dog has caught a bird in its mouth.
little in seat. and standing bouncy while laughing is one are boys one is smiling a Two and	Two little boys are smiling and laughing while one is standing and one is in a bouncy seat.
yellow and on two playing The girls are jungle a red gym.	The two girls are playing on a yellow and red jungle gym.
clothing people of stand in melting a in field snow. dark Three	Three people in dark clothing stand in a field of melting snow.
is son. her blonde A haired with smiling lady	A lady is smiling with her blonde haired son.
sister blow helps a big bubbles. A little brother	A big brother helps a little sister blow bubbles.
a hangs and small A child smiles train. off	A child smiles and hangs off a small train.
the forest. colored a branch jumping Tan in over dog	Tan colored dog jumping over a branch in the forest.
and racing their each horses riders of A group are other.	A group of horses and their riders are racing each other.
four run. encouraging dogs Person to	Person encouraging four dogs to run.
stairs. jumping skateboarder down the A	A skateboarder jumping down the stairs.
boy bike. a how a boy to helmet smaller wearing A ride teaches a	A boy teaches a smaller boy wearing a helmet how to ride a bike.
a in banks blond A filled creek dog with snow. walks with	A blond dog walks in a creek with banks filled with snow.
in dogs a are of standing Two different breeds pasture.	Two dogs of different breeds are standing in a pasture.
doorway standing pink the The the in walls. between artwork in girl is on little the	The little girl in pink is standing in the doorway between the artwork on the walls.
striped is red the hugging a wearing young old girl shirt. An man	An old man is hugging the young girl wearing a red striped shirt.
dog is squirted with jet face being white of in a water. The the	The white dog is being squirted in the face with a jet of water.
trip. scenic man a on A canoe	A man on a scenic canoe trip.
football referee. the The the runs past ball player	The football player runs the ball past the referee.
off A boy to young shows girl. a and woman a newborn baby	A woman shows off a newborn baby to a young boy and girl.
underwear black on on. A in and standing flag with the a book steps man shoes	A man in flag underwear standing on the steps with a book and black shoes on.
mature A woman jacket. a sunglasses in and jean	A mature woman in sunglasses and a jean jacket.
mask a child young Ivars. at wearing A	A young child wearing a mask at Ivars.
hat The pink is and cowgirl a boots. girl wearing pink	The girl is wearing a pink cowgirl hat and pink boots.
canopy on walk woman a tree A	A woman on a tree canopy walk
David field player Beckham on soccer a playing	David Beckham player playing soccer on a field
A wears boy sunglasses.	A boy wears sunglasses.
backwards, outdoors. man doing trick jumps Dog with	Dog jumps backwards, doing trick with man outdoors.
his a at of top and raises arms. the stands mountain person A	A person stands at the top of a mountain and raises his arms.
Child diving tumbling another off pool poolside. flips board, child man and at	Child flips off pool diving board, man and another tumbling child at poolside.
to shirt camera. person his blue has mambo wearing back the A a	A person wearing a blue mambo shirt has his back to the camera.
over their owner walking outline path. of watches the rocky climb dog A dog a	A dog owner watches their dog climb over the rocky outline of a walking path.
Two kick boxing. men	Two men kick boxing.
girl A is a with necklace small swimming.	A small girl with a necklace is swimming.
skier is down large The a mountain. going	The skier is going down a large mountain.
A jumps in wetsuite a surfer waves.	A surfer in a wetsuite jumps waves.
One ball a another towards it. catch jumps as dog runs dog to up	One dog jumps up to catch a ball as another dog runs towards it.
and black A brown dog stick on chewing a	A black and brown dog chewing on a stick
smiling black hand. camera in brunette woman carries her a A video young	A smiling young brunette woman carries a black video camera in her hand.
is hydrant next playing to standing a saxophone. man and The a fire	The man is standing next to a fire hydrant and playing a saxophone.
in uniforms looking men at basketball something. Three	Three men in basketball uniforms looking at something.
Man skates wall. cement along	Man skates along cement wall.
carnival midway night. A at	A carnival midway at night.
A swings on a nice day. girl	A girl swings on a nice day.
are men ravine Three sits jeep man vests in while pulling a inside. another orange a out of	Three men in orange vests are pulling a jeep out of a ravine while another man sits inside.
him. A covers horse tramples his jumping cowboy as a head	A cowboy covers his head as a jumping horse tramples him.
subway a several bags with car inside. garbage A to next stands worker	A subway worker stands next to a car with several garbage bags inside.
yellow A wheelie. popping motorcyclist is a	A yellow motorcyclist is popping a wheelie.
people Two on a sit city street. a on bench	Two people sit on a bench on a city street.
road. pass are on Two cars boys the by sidewalk as on the	Two boys are on the sidewalk as cars pass by on the road.
swimming in brown water. A dog murky	A brown dog swimming in murky water.
black A dog along a walking rocky terrain.	A black dog walking along a rocky terrain.
is a bed. bringing human onto dog ball a A soccer little	A dog is bringing a little soccer ball onto a human bed.
holding inflatable ODEON one toy, Girls of outside building. outfits, in matching	Girls in matching outfits, one holding inflatable toy, outside of ODEON building.
lays yellow wearing young girl on the ground. a	a young girl wearing yellow lays on the ground.
handrail. person A Rollerblades slides down a wearing	A person wearing Rollerblades slides down a handrail.
at A being held young child is looking another by us. child straight	A young child is being held by another child looking straight at us.
lake. A a person boat on paddles a	A person paddles a boat on a lake.
plays the A violin. woman haired curly	A curly haired woman plays the violin.
brown a room with in a while and dog licking tile green its A sitting white chops floor.	A brown and white dog licking its chops while sitting in a green room with a tile floor.
cliff overlooking a hiking city. man A on stands a	A hiking man stands on a cliff overlooking a city.
a in holding shirt the snow. pink is dog brown A	A brown dog is holding a pink shirt in the snow.
to Football something contest gathering to players collaborating officials.	Football players gathering to contest something to collaborating officials.
a playing dogs a in are lake. Two with stick	Two dogs are playing with a stick in a lake.
the a in wearing street boy a hat dancing young	a young boy wearing a hat dancing in the street
his man on playing a dog A beach with	A man playing with his dog on a beach
dogs in A with dry girl a field. runs	A girl runs with dogs in a dry field.
rail is performing with a skateboard. boy trick The red a a on	The boy is performing a trick on a red rail with a skateboard.
blue in kayak the in paddling Man water.	Man paddling in blue kayak in the water.
mouth tan paper floor holding tile and a while in on its dog white	a white and tan dog holding paper in its mouth while on tile floor
dressed mask in black elaborate wearing black Man	Man dressed in black wearing elaborate black mask
Adults outside barn. of open stand children and	Adults and children stand outside of open barn.
skiing wearing A goggles. man	A man skiing wearing goggles.
Little area, and carrying animal. bags rural in girl stuffed	Little girl in rural area, carrying bags and stuffed animal.
glove. softball second her Girls runs as a playing to reaches one base girl girl out and	Girls playing softball as one girl runs to a base and second girl reaches out her glove.
each two men basketball, from playing team. Four	Four men playing basketball, two from each team.
a with a waterway lined drives man along A apartments. boat	A man drives a boat along a waterway lined with apartments.
woods. the A is riding horse girl little in a	A little girl is riding a horse in the woods.
brown walking and shallow is The white dog waters. in	The brown and white dog is walking in shallow waters.
A man and sitting in ice. tent the a snow near	A man sitting near a tent in the snow and ice.
A on water. white and a bird is grey lake body wings landing with	A bird with a white body and grey wings is landing on lake water.
wave a soaring a riding with midair surfer lone his arms through huge raised.	a lone surfer riding a huge wave soaring through midair with his arms raised.
in girls standing a background. Two woman in little a hallway, the	Two little girls in a hallway, a woman standing in the background.
long yellow flowers. in a meadow dog haired frolics A of	A long haired dog frolics in a meadow of yellow flowers.
river with all A buildings people steering man with a it down a gondola is in around.	A man is steering a gondola with people in it down a river with buildings all around.
climbing is out in of A red black a a an his and item has pool. collar with dog mouth	A black dog with a red collar has an item in his mouth and is climbing out of a pool.
the the near beach. dune sand is leaping child air from into A a	A child is leaping into the air from a sand dune near the beach.
A down bike man a rides rocky trail. dirt his	A man rides his dirt bike down a rocky trail.
together. a people of three walking group	a group of three people walking together.
a Dogs race. in participating	Dogs participating in a race.
clothing Three riding bikes. people in reflective	Three people in reflective clothing riding bikes.
jumping a girl of into pile is A leaves	A girl is jumping into a pile of leaves
in carriage a draw People rain. open the horse enjoy	People enjoy a horse draw open carriage in the rain.
rides the surfer a wave.	a surfer rides the wave.
with cords. of A the climbing help up in a secured cliff is rocky blue man	A man in blue is climbing up a rocky cliff with the help of secured cords.
dirt of down bikers hill. a mountain race each group other A	A group of mountain bikers race each other down a dirt hill.
wearing pulling a Indian bow. has helmet back a A of a tattoo white woman a derby roller	A roller derby woman wearing a helmet has a tattoo of a white Indian pulling back a bow.
while them in a hikers front crevice. rock a looking hang down of onto Two female deep into	Two female hikers hang onto a rock in front of them while looking down into a deep crevice.
his bicycle on down person upside show is large a A over field.	A person is show upside down on his bicycle over a large field.
on a river to itself a black it at a dry. next dog is shakes standing step	a black dog is standing on a step next to a river at it shakes itself dry.
for people a picture. of group A pose	A group of people pose for a picture.
jumping dog a into black pool. A large	A black dog jumping into a large pool.
a his through the grass stick running in A mouth. dog with	A dog running through the grass with a stick in his mouth.
and group A of the drinks at people camera. point hold	A group of people hold drinks and point at the camera.
a water some its mouth. is dog A branch tree in with in	A dog is in some water with a tree branch in its mouth.
girl A swimming gear in young sitting	A young girl sitting in swimming gear
boat while battling gear. is wearing rain purple kayaker a in waves A	A kayaker is battling waves in a purple boat while wearing rain gear.
a background Man brown shirt sunny in in street, crowd on	Man in brown shirt on sunny street, a crowd in background
hill dirt Two over motorcycles a jump	Two motorcycles jump over a dirt hill
wave the fly A seagulls splashes rocks by. as	A wave splashes the rocks as seagulls fly by.
horse A stand her by a fire. girl and	A girl and her horse stand by a fire.
wearing young bonnets to and a Two tree. stand girls dresses next	Two young girls wearing dresses and bonnets stand next to a tree.
something. climbing orange on pants A man in is	A man in orange pants is climbing on something.
on skateboard, surrounded graffiti. A jump by does a man a	A man does a jump on a skateboard, surrounded by graffiti.
Girls inside. cartwheeling	Girls cartwheeling inside.
skateboarder grinds rail. a a	a skateboarder grinds a rail.
guy matching mask. with red and a a is wearing black outfit The	The guy is wearing a red and black outfit with a matching mask.
small A signs metal child is giving heavy	A small child is giving heavy metal signs
are ride. while snowmobiling taking break on a people a Several	Several people are taking a break while on a snowmobiling ride.
and A tan with a dog black playing white dog. is	A black and white dog is playing with a tan dog.
boys the five smile picture. for	five boys smile for the picture.
two water A and nearby are fountain. decorative sitting a others woman	A woman and two others are sitting nearby a decorative water fountain.
on grass. black Three dogs	Three black dogs on grass.
and in sashes field. a a girl in in boys and dress in suits Three sash a	Three boys in suits and sashes and a girl in a dress in sash in a field.
are crowd people a in two up looking	two people in a crowd are looking up
Two participate game. girls in softball a	Two girls participate in a softball game.
green up from the A bed. boy jumped	A boy jumped up from the green bed.
Several dark inside people sitting a are art gallery.	Several people are sitting inside a dark art gallery.
A the in a wearing snow. runs dog cover	A dog wearing a cover runs in the snow.
holds flags. crowd A American	A crowd holds American flags.
day. drinking sunny orange walking juice a while on A man	A man drinking orange juice while walking on a sunny day.
the water out background. kayaks mountain a with in Three the are on	Three kayaks are out on the water with a mountain in the background.
A leaps grass. mown and freshly the brown through dog black	A brown and black dog leaps through the freshly mown grass.
together mouths are playing with open. their Two dogs	Two dogs are playing together with their mouths open.
bicycle. on performs flip bmx man a his back A	A man performs a back flip on his bmx bicycle.
are up Bicyclists hill. a bicycles their carrying	Bicyclists are carrying their bicycles up a hill.
and a ring hat. Young nose a with man	Young man with a nose ring and a hat.
with A holding away wrapped is red walking dog a bag. straps tray from a	A dog wrapped with straps is walking away from a red tray holding a bag.
racers two the down the road. white drove bike The	The two racers drove the white bike down the road.
and a street. man a woman on beside sit A rock a	A man and a woman sit on a rock beside a street.
steps next a slides to green handrail green in down shirt hat, rollerblader and	rollerblader in green shirt and hat, slides down a green handrail next to steps
Two rubber a catch ball. with play dogs	Two dogs play catch with a rubber ball.
at a the wears wetsuit boy beach. a	a boy wears a wetsuit at the beach.
camera. behind the A boy something points at	A boy points at something behind the camera.
staircase. a brick on The skateboarding is man large	The man is skateboarding on a large brick staircase.
white a in background. indescript line of sitting the people folded and chairs few A	A line of white chairs folded and a few indescript people sitting in the background.
of flock pair uniforms pigeons. A children in through running a of	A pair of children in uniforms running through a flock of pigeons.
man a a A bicycle. jumping is holding over low wall	A man is jumping over a low wall holding a bicycle.
airborne road. helmeted on on a a dirt male bike A	A helmeted male airborne on a bike on a dirt road.
a black stands on a boy bench.	a boy stands on a black bench.
another A chasing black in a dog dog its mouth. carrying ball is black that's	A black dog is chasing another black dog that's carrying a ball in its mouth.
a dog smaller chain down. a has pinned grey brown big collar wearing dog A	A big grey dog wearing a chain collar has a smaller brown dog pinned down.
in dogs of A bunch a race. are competing	A bunch of dogs are competing in a race.
a colourful child One reaching and toy with another child up.	One child with a colourful toy and another child reaching up.
a runs dog Frisbee A on to catch AstroTurf.	A dog runs to catch a Frisbee on AstroTurf.
outfit in Williams ball a an orange hitting Serena	Serena Williams hitting a ball in an orange outfit
The is beach. woman on the looking out	The woman is looking out on the beach.
is looking. The player Miami basketball	The Miami basketball player is looking.
A dress. groom with a a bride and strapless	A groom and a bride with a strapless dress.
studies. displayed A a is of hand a wall, woman diagram on behind which a	A diagram of a hand is displayed on a wall, behind which a woman studies.
swing jumps set high swing its on the boy off a A enough. when	A boy jumps off a swing on the swing set when its high enough.
people on A river rafting rapids. of group are	A group of people are rafting on river rapids.
men distorted A in picture two street. the walking of	A distorted picture of two men walking in the street.
community Children at a dinner. serving	Children serving at a community dinner.
behind away from have their dresses backless facing in camera the look heads them. smiling to turned Two women	Two smiling women in backless dresses facing away from the camera have their heads turned to look behind them.
at looking the jeans in beach man A on his camera.	A man on the beach in jeans looking at his camera.
shorts is sky. wearing climbing a person sand under gray and The blue a hill	The person is wearing shorts and climbing a gray sand hill under a blue sky.
dog hill. across golden bounds the snow-covered A	A golden dog bounds across the snow-covered hill.
a woman space. Two sit small white dressed in in shirts young	Two young woman dressed in white shirts sit in a small space.
blanket. blue toy a a chews on on dog A	A dog chews on a toy on a blue blanket.
to woman attaching carabiner a a wire. A guide	A woman attaching a carabiner to a guide wire.
a in a tan walking stream dog along	a tan dog walking along in a stream
man feet up his with A using a telephone.	A man with his feet up using a telephone.
black hat touches cardboard A a a box. in man	A man in a black hat touches a cardboard box.
playing young A pool a boy swimming in	A young boy playing in a swimming pool
back a creating pattern hair with woman dripping the throwing is A wet water. her	A woman is throwing her wet hair back creating a pattern with the dripping water.
a person suspended cord jumps A off building. by a bungee	A person suspended by a bungee cord jumps off a building.
A riding streets the a man of bike plaid through wearing lots	A man wearing lots of plaid riding a bike through the streets
and gathered microphone. instruments musical men a Several around are	Several men are gathered around musical instruments and a microphone.
an games arcade playing people lot a at of	a lot of people playing games at an arcade
in field A toy a dog a catching	A dog catching a toy in a field
people them. a Two the lamp on sitting beyond a dock post with clouds in under sky	Two people sitting on a dock under a lamp post with clouds in the sky beyond them.
looking mountaintop into the standing man distance. on a is A	A man is standing on a mountaintop looking into the distance.
playing with pine cone. a dog white and black A	A black and white dog playing with a pine cone.
grass them. there the a to is person cart lying and small on next A green is	A person is lying on the green grass and there is a small cart next to them.
the white running is around grass. The dog in	The white dog is running around in the grass.
up A in a of its is child face. camera front holding	A child is holding up a camera in front of its face.
girls shorts water. in in Two puddle a denim stand of	Two girls in denim shorts stand in a puddle of water.
faces wearing red audience. seated direction a girl from A young rest the opposite the of	A young girl wearing red faces the opposite direction from the rest of a seated audience.
standing booth. of outside ticket outdoor people an Four	Four people standing outside of an outdoor ticket booth.
playground. the little playing at girl is The	The little girl is playing at the playground.
kid violin a blue a A is with playing Mohawk	A kid with a blue Mohawk is playing a violin
A doing an on aerial biker bike. his trick is	A biker is doing an aerial trick on his bike.
and of flowers field black grass. white and dogs Two a in	Two black and white dogs in a field of flowers and grass.
large rock is in a a area. The climbing wooded person	The person is climbing a large rock in a wooded area.
slab the Two jump grass. onto puppies from a concrete	Two puppies jump from a concrete slab onto the grass.
dog A plants. steps climbs near	A dog climbs steps near plants.
A a little girl cellphone. to listens	A little girl listens to a cellphone.
a man A kissing dark in woman and subway	A man and woman kissing in a dark subway
swim A of gear field a in group surrounded trees. in is by playing boys	A group of boys in swim gear is playing in a field surrounded by trees.
field. a and young boy in A grassy cuddle girl	A young boy and girl cuddle in a grassy field.
girl blue and little in smiles sundress white down a slide. slides A a	A little girl in a white sundress smiles and slides down a blue slide.
A of edge people at cliff over a of group stand ocean. the the	A group of people stand at the edge of a cliff over the ocean.
next dog A lake. shakes water blond to off a	A blond dog shakes water off next to a lake.
in are group market. of a colorfully people sitting clothed A	A group of colorfully clothed people are sitting in a market.
red hind mouth. toy on dog in its a stands legs little with his brown a	a little brown dog stands on his hind legs with a red toy in its mouth.
A walking hat holding on a a stick. man while	A man walking while holding a hat on a stick.
men park red near a Two church. motorcycles their	Two men park their red motorcycles near a church.
a building. are people white on Two next are bikes to	Two people are on bikes are next to a white building.
dress the eating in sitting a A ground blue cotton candy. on girl	A girl in a blue dress sitting on the ground eating cotton candy.
the jumping little beach. girl A on is into a breaking wave	A little girl is jumping into a breaking wave on the beach.
white dog an A catch to object. leaps	A white dog leaps to catch an object.
trolley. People a bus ride or	People ride a bus or trolley.
boy the plays in a fountains.	a boy plays in the fountains.
ally. cigarette a dumpster lighting in an man a a near	a man lighting a cigarette near a dumpster in an ally.
rocky a area. boy A climbing	A boy climbing a rocky area.
a young parents blow girl and a Two raft. up	Two parents and a young girl blow up a raft.
A racetrack. travel buggies race of group a down	A group of race buggies travel down a racetrack.
down to an boy animal. little bends look The at	The little boy bends down to look at an animal.
muzzle A a with dog running. grey	A grey dog with a muzzle running.
hundred the with has a riding bicycle thirty three helmet. he on number the thousand a on Man black six five handlebars	Man riding a bicycle with the number five thousand six hundred thirty three on the handlebars he has on a black helmet.
are The having drink. a girls	The girls are having a drink.
picture for a Man wearing jacket boy posing life in and water	Man and boy wearing life jacket in water posing for a picture
Two athletic hugging each PUMA outfits in girls other.	Two athletic girls in PUMA outfits hugging each other.
jumping a trampoline small on in Two girls an are backyard. outdoor	Two small girls are jumping on an outdoor trampoline in a backyard.
jumping is front small Frisbee in bleachers a dog catch A air to in the of high some	A small dog is jumping high in the air to catch a Frisbee in front of some bleachers
in surfboard wave. girl through yellow and pink A and on a orange the pink cuts	A girl in pink and yellow on a pink and orange surfboard cuts through the wave.
a pulling track. on dirt as motocross is a wheelie motorcyclist rides A he bike up it a	A motorcyclist is pulling a wheelie on a motocross bike as he rides it up a dirt track.
A on of roll fisherman chain. sits the	A fisherman sits on the roll of chain.
to man next one man the singing playing another violin.	one man singing next to another man playing the violin.
a person with apron walking. yellow A	A person with a yellow apron walking.
A a and looking man at red sculpture. a woman	A man and a woman looking at a red sculpture.
A in doing area. a wooded a flip skier	A skier doing a flip in a wooded area.
Black running very dog fast.	Black dog running very fast.
a on a riding snow-boarder whilst performing jump snowboard. a pink is	a snow-boarder is performing a jump whilst riding on a pink snowboard.
race speeds street a racer in down A black city a drag car.	A drag racer speeds down a city street in a black race car.
camera and toward colored sandy below. walking attached dragging with its dog the A leash	A sandy colored dog walking toward the camera with its leash attached and dragging below.
hat. wearing and Blitz glasses gauges a is A man with	A man with gauges and glasses is wearing a Blitz hat.
a cage. in Two small dogs	Two small dogs in a cage.
domino in a hill. up amplifier carries mask a an man A	A man in a domino mask carries an amplifier up a hill.
a in disc. throws child small red A	A small child in red throws a disc.
A a person very holds small umbrella.	A person holds a very small umbrella.
nearby. drainage crying a pipe field cut a with is child low A in	A child is crying in a low cut field with a drainage pipe nearby.
walking along water. some are people Several narrow over bridge a	Several people are walking along a narrow bridge over some water.
air. toss guns in girls the in Two their black	Two girls in black toss their guns in the air.
rides his rocks on the bicycler with road A snow. to next bike	A bicycler rides his bike on the road next to rocks with snow.
dog and weaving agility between A poles. white black	A black and white agility dog weaving between poles.
with mark one chest. his a naked Two on children,	Two naked children, one with a mark on his chest.
her. ready push green to behind knit little girl cap a sled, in stands A a boy with a	A girl in a green knit cap stands ready to push a sled, with a little boy behind her.
another's liking snow. dog face in One the	One dog liking another's face in the snow.
and A running vest a wearing dog pink long-haired	A long-haired dog wearing a pink vest and running
in grassy dry are standing a field. Four dogs	Four dogs are standing in a dry grassy field.
ball with field. on a soccer playing boys Two are a sports	Two boys are playing with a soccer ball on a sports field.
pours people wine tv. A watch for woman while blond they	A blond woman pours wine for people while they watch tv.
ball dog grass. a Nerf the A in chases	A dog chases a Nerf ball in the grass.
with yellow high shirt the a very A a in gets guy air. in bike	A guy in a yellow shirt with a bike gets very high in the air.
dog. stick holding A man a playing and with	A man holding stick and playing with a dog.
Greyhound are stripes wearing of on out a gate dogs track. running racing a	Greyhound dogs wearing racing stripes are running out of a gate on a track.
a a The had on and drink. woman bench green sat	The woman sat on a green bench and had a drink.
up a man holds smiles. A blue cloth and	A man holds up a blue cloth and smiles.
stand stall. girls a in shower Two	Two girls stand in a shower stall.
inside of Boy a gesturing crouched tire. and hands, with	Boy crouched and gesturing with hands, inside of a tire.
jeans, the are cement blue running on a jacket and pots in background flower waring boy Young walkway. blue	Young boy running waring blue jacket and blue jeans, flower pots are in the background on a cement walkway.
white blue for ball. going black dog both are A soccer a and a	A black and a white dog are both going for a blue soccer ball.
knife. a are with around people fake three The playing	The three people are playing around with a fake knife.
his in performs a jeans grab blue guy The shirt skateboard. and trick on the	The guy in the blue shirt and jeans performs a grab trick on his skateboard.
in wedding for posing alter. The front a picture the party church is of	The wedding party is posing for a picture in front of the church alter.
the dirt bushes. A man near in driving is a motorcycle	A man is driving a motorcycle in the dirt near bushes.
the players Football line stand scrimmage. at of	Football players stand at the line of scrimmage.
walks icy on man the sidewalk. a	a man walks on the icy sidewalk.
An outside reading old a newspaper. man sits	An old man sits outside reading a newspaper.
water. the dogs brown in Two	Two brown dogs in the water.
against legs on their leaning dogs Two each hind other.	Two dogs on their hind legs leaning against each other.
skiing gear is airborne. A man in	A man in skiing gear is airborne.
black and wheel uniform man a dirtracing A in midair. with bike's front his helmet in	A man in a black uniform and helmet dirtracing with his bike's front wheel in midair.
next red a in jacket The girl to of is funny the picture a face.	The girl in the red jacket is next to a picture of a funny face.
people Four in stand front trees. of	Four people stand in front of trees.
and white spotted outside. is The black dog running	The black and white spotted dog is running outside.
woman a on is heels ladder. high posing The in rusty	The woman is posing in high heels on a rusty ladder.
a outfit white in skinned dark sports plays A man basketball.	A dark skinned man in a white sports outfit plays basketball.
yard. play girls Two a fight pillow school in	Two girls pillow fight in a school play yard.
drive driving wheel a on vehicle track. dirt A four is	A four wheel drive vehicle is driving on a dirt track.
dogs the the ground wrestling snow. in are Two on	Two dogs are wrestling on the ground in the snow.
horse helmet with a brown riding girl	girl with helmet riding a brown horse
the at the beach. waves running in is A dog	A dog is running in the waves at the beach.
hats a are and robe Three shirts, matching a in men room. man in pants and with	Three men with matching shirts, pants and hats and a man in robe are in a room.
a a pink girl sweater wearing on sitting Young man.	Young girl wearing a pink sweater sitting on a man.
play Two with sidewalk girls little chalk.	Two little girls play with sidewalk chalk.
crowd Girl purple in with holding jug blue jacket	Girl with blue jacket holding purple jug in crowd
a pushes A coat a woman in white cart.	A woman in a white coat pushes a cart.
street. costumes are in People around in the walking	People in costumes are walking around in the street.
at a day a group trekkies enjoying the park in their	a group enjoying a day at the park in their trekkies
hiking men martial Two poses. strike in arts boots	Two men in hiking boots strike martial arts poses.
dog A snow. in the is jumping	A dog is jumping in the snow.
in shirts dark on and are shorts group men field. of an A running white athletic	A group of men in white shirts and dark shorts are running on an athletic field.
jumping over white dog hurdles. The is	The white dog is jumping over hurdles.
a trick to with is catch blonde dog doing trying her Frisbee. a A girl is in haired that flying the air	A blonde haired girl is doing a trick with her dog that is in the air trying to catch a flying Frisbee.
water. A in crane landing the white	A white crane landing in the water.
play a A swinging set. playground on child	A child swinging on a playground play set.
traffic. middle street down laying in heavy of during man A	A man laying down in middle of street during heavy traffic.
while is watch. course small a dog black through blue running A netted people and white	A small white and black dog is running through a blue netted course while people watch.
girl, on suit, the young A stars does in beach. and back stripes a bathing a flip	A young girl, in a stars and stripes bathing suit, does a back flip on the beach.
baseball dive at men for homebase. teams on a baseball Two opposite	Two men on opposite baseball teams dive for a baseball at homebase.
Dog camera. at in over shoulder looking water,	Dog in water, looking over shoulder at camera.
climbing. man in shirt a is blue A rock	A man in a blue shirt is rock climbing.
swimming. and son Father	Father and son swimming.
a young with pose statues of woman bear a store. girl with front in A	A woman with a young girl pose with bear statues in front of a store.
A in city center. busy white line cyclist a along a is riding	A cyclist is riding along a white line in a busy city center.
Woman the woman while on. playing badminton pool looks another in	Woman playing badminton in the pool while another woman looks on.
rail. a walks on a man black in A vest	A man in a black vest walks on a rail.
A 5 the deer at snow. turkeys in looks	A deer looks at 5 turkeys in the snow.
boy a emerging from green A slide	A boy emerging from a green slide
playing area. in as by flute rural Girl walks she fence	Girl playing flute as she walks by fence in rural area.
sand. boy A trucks playing white the and in orange black in on	A black boy in orange and white trucks on playing in the sand.
a cliff. man A on	A man on a cliff.
people are walking Two the ocean. by	Two people are walking by the ocean.
girl skips A rope.	A girl skips rope.
suit into a green jumping A in water. black woman two-piece bathing	A woman in a black two-piece bathing suit jumping into green water.
get chicken. pool to in jumps a a dog the	a dog jumps in the pool to get a chicken.
bushes. motorcycle is person behind some track dirt on a A turning on a	A person on a motorcycle is turning on a dirt track behind some bushes.
front Jack. like Union building Three the painted people of in at outdoor table an sit a	Three people sit at an outdoor table in front of a building painted like the Union Jack.
sled A is sledding on red a child	A child is sledding on a red sled
front A brick person a in in stands green clothing wall. of bald	A bald person in green clothing stands in front of a brick wall.
their for Young in pose people the picture countryside.	Young people pose for their picture in the countryside.
snowy A up mountain. a climbing is hiker	A hiker is climbing up a snowy mountain.
outside clothes A a hands in boy snow. mittened smiling waves the building in his winter	A smiling boy in winter clothes waves his mittened hands outside a building in the snow.
dog brown cap. A a green in in near a plays man sand the	A brown dog plays in the sand near a man in a green cap.
a store. workers Two grocery at	Two workers at a grocery store.
concrete on snowboard his bench on man a people watch sliding A as	A man sliding on a concrete bench on his snowboard as people watch
game. in participate players Basketball a	Basketball players participate in a game.
playground play the equipment. in Three dogs grass near the	Three dogs play in the grass near the playground equipment.
in an dog while is A man obstacle running behind. a stands course blue	A dog is running an obstacle course while a man in blue stands behind.
is who ball. Three holding tackle player players football a another	Three football players tackle another player who is holding a ball.
coat water standing blue on jumping of in the in water in body pavement Person background. with	Person in blue coat jumping in standing water on pavement with body of water in the background.
vest A climbs person up rock. steep a red wearing a	A person wearing a red vest climbs up a steep rock.
A yard. is large grassy dog in black a playing	A large black dog is playing in a grassy yard.
An a the orange fetching snow. Frisbee dog in	An orange dog fetching a Frisbee in the snow.
A group sky-diving through are as shown sky. people they fall of the	A group of people are shown sky-diving as they fall through the sky.
her a of wooden with lays A piece deck covering a girl clothing face. on	A girl lays on a wooden deck with a piece of clothing covering her face.
his lays off pavement after on the bike. falling boy A	A boy lays on the pavement after falling off his bike.
in green surfboard trunks carrying Man swim to rock along ocean. wall the a a	Man in green swim trunks carrying a surfboard along a rock wall to the ocean.
ice. A red girl young the snowsuit across sliding in a	A young girl in a red snowsuit sliding across the ice.
motorbike A a on a pinkish hill. rides man	A man rides a pinkish motorbike on a hill.
in electric suits Two guitars. are men white playing	Two men in white suits are playing electric guitars.
The group her is of raising dress hand girl a the people. in red amidst	The girl in the red dress is raising her hand amidst a group of people.
lot trick front on of in red Someone doing bicycle flipping of a a people. a	Someone doing a flipping trick on a red bicycle in front of a lot of people.
of mall. people a through shopping walk group A	A group of people walk through a shopping mall.
hit about uniform wearing baseball yellow a to Boy blue, white, and a ball.	Boy wearing a blue, white, and yellow baseball uniform about to hit a ball.
candles. shirt lighting Girl white in orange	Girl in orange shirt lighting white candles.
messenger a a is carrying shirt man bag wearing black and walking. A	A man wearing a black shirt and carrying a messenger bag is walking.
play children sparklers. three with	three children play with sparklers.
in black playing a river. A dog	A black dog playing in a river.
the team. on jersey goal by the allowed with white the a goalie red The player	The goalie with the white jersey allowed a goal by the player on the red team.
a field dog in running Fluffy grey	Fluffy grey dog running in a field
in dog with some A of other a black on award front is standing ribbon ribbons.	A black dog with a ribbon on is standing in front of some other award ribbons.
in playing snow kid and bushes. around little A the	A little kid playing in the snow and around bushes.
A in stick his running with mouth a dog	A dog running with a stick in his mouth
runs dog the A light-colored grass. through	A light-colored dog runs through the grass.
wearing floating girl A life vest. a	A girl floating wearing a life vest.
shop tent. in a under a People	People in a shop under a tent.
A face child's dirt background. and is girl her young a in with red bike on the	A young girl with dirt on her face and a red child's bike is in the background.
next in A play. stands team football oppsing of the for the Sooners player front for the waiting	A football player for the Sooners stands in front of the oppsing team waiting for the next play.
playing boy A in little the water.	A little boy playing in the water.
on One biker wearing black a helmet hill. a dirt riding	One biker wearing a black helmet riding on a dirt hill.
woman a mannequins. A looking clothing on at	A woman looking at clothing on a mannequins.
the snow. play The dogs in small	The small dogs play in the snow.
dog chasing tan is he spotted. something and black The has	The black and tan dog is chasing something he has spotted.
dog in a the sprinkler A is through running grass.	A dog is running through a sprinkler in the grass.
curly brown young into with smiles the hair A woman camera.	A young woman with curly brown hair smiles into the camera.
howls. A dog brown	A brown dog howls.
a man small four-wheeler jumps a building. near A on	A man on a four-wheeler jumps near a small building.
relaxes a three in a in chair, to white shirtless deck close A man bicycles. cap parked	A shirtless man in a white cap relaxes in a deck chair, close to three parked bicycles.
white to goat. playing and are a dog children soccer near black Two a	Two children are playing soccer near to a black dog and a white goat.
on Woman child with standing, a a swing.	Woman standing, with a child on a swing.
union sit painted building like table Three a picnic a jack. outside of at a people	Three people sit at a picnic table outside of a building painted like a union jack.
dirt rides Monster Truck field through	Monster Truck rides through dirt field
American bleachers flags. sitting waving People are on	People are sitting on bleachers waving American flags.
near Smiling boy the pool. standing	Smiling boy standing near the pool.
swimsuits laughing in girls little are	little girls in swimsuits are laughing
on guitar the man plays local his The streets.	The man plays his guitar on the local streets.
a with stick. brown dog plays A	A brown dog plays with a stick.
background in with their rock standing a some a in of belongings cave family the	a family standing in a rock cave with some of their belongings in the background
street buildings man A shops background. and with in a on the stands busy	A man stands on a busy street with buildings and shops in the background.
a field edge woods. Two tan dogs the a along of at run	Two tan dogs run along a field at the edge of a woods.
in and motocross the green dirt. a A in racer helmet racing	A motocross racer in green and a helmet racing in the dirt.
a black water. with filling People container large	People filling a large black container with water.
A back their against a a with dog. white wall sits with person tan	A person sits with their back against a white wall with a tan dog.
The begging. white dog is	The white dog is begging.
white and Two and black jump a play fenced in area. dogs	Two white and black dogs play and jump in a fenced area.
backstage on puts A a mirror. ballerina in child make-up	A child ballerina puts on make-up backstage in a mirror.
a is dog brick jumping a tan small wall over	a small tan dog is jumping over a brick wall
wall. drinking a of in ceramic woman brick A cups front from a man and are	A man and a woman are drinking from ceramic cups in front of a brick wall.
children jackets canoe face wearing in. male the are older an sitting paddles Two they life he while	Two children wearing life jackets face an older male while he paddles the canoe they are sitting in.
A garbage stands man a strewn underpass. in yellow in	A man in yellow stands in a garbage strewn underpass.
front a sitting a porch book. lady reading A on	A lady sitting on a front porch reading a book.
dog smaller near A a his dog is head lowering brown white outdoors.	A brown dog is lowering his head near a smaller white dog outdoors.
from Two large water children small gathering a are container.	Two small children are gathering water from a large container.
A next a in air. stands man arms with rock to strange formation the his	A man stands next to a strange rock formation with his arms in the air.
wall sits on man it. a art in of A with front pictures	A man sits in front of a wall with art pictures on it.
large wards a A dog smaller off dog.	A large dog wards off a smaller dog.
place girl A standing an enclosed in	A girl standing in an enclosed place
red skateboarder a rail. grinds a	a skateboarder grinds a red rail.
kissing. people Two	Two people kissing.
A picture blurred on bicyclist. a	A blurred picture on a bicyclist.
is the in dog is one whild black grass. black One on midair dog	One black dog is in midair whild one black dog is on the grass.
his a very rides person road mountain down A fast. bike dirt	A person rides his mountain bike down a dirt road very fast.
dog around A track. racing a	A dog racing around a track.
collar the dog sitting in with A sand. black red a	A black dog with a red collar sitting in the sand.
equipment. A on child plays playground	A child plays on playground equipment.
railroad a track a boy hands hold down girl walking and	a boy and girl hold hands walking down a railroad track
an white air. shirt into wearing jumped A and man the orange a shirt	A man wearing a white shirt and an orange shirt jumped into the air.
in playing dark guitar Man room. a	Man playing guitar in a dark room.
red A boy with woman wheelchair. wearing a little walks in a	A little boy walks with a woman wearing red in a wheelchair.
shaking A off. water dog	A dog shaking water off.
some a wrap tree beautiful behind is flowers. head a in woman standing white A and	A woman in a head wrap is standing behind a tree and some beautiful white flowers.
A smoking in black a man dressed is cigarette.	A man dressed in black is smoking a cigarette.
is up grassy a hill. running A dog	A dog is running up a grassy hill.
laying snow with are open. Two the their mouths dogs in	Two dogs are laying in the snow with their mouths open.
the water. in on stands man a A sailboat	A man stands on a sailboat in the water.
attempts a in in. player blue A with to soccer play a green uniform make in player closing	A soccer player in blue uniform attempts to make a play with a player in green closing in.
The high walks plank. on the dog	The dog walks on the high plank.
and holding brown a the is jacket beer. of is the a The man wearing man behind cigarette can him holding	The man wearing the brown jacket is holding a cigarette and the man behind him is holding a can of beer.
with in background. men Four a sunset	Four men with a sunset in background.
walking next to in a Two coats people fence.	Two people in coats walking next to a fence.
Mountain water. lands the safely climber in	Mountain climber safely lands in the water.
vest, wearing a and broad man brimmed A long-bearded fur hat. coat, fur-trimmed	A long-bearded man wearing a coat, fur vest, and broad brimmed fur-trimmed hat.
big jumping on enjoys A puddle dot. the yellow boy	A boy enjoys puddle jumping on the big yellow dot.
raise sky. room to the extended, their full of A fingers hands, children	A room full of children raise their hands, fingers extended, to the sky.
dog A running. are black a black and	A black and a black dog are running.
A the with lighting a suit and dancing a in nightclub foreground. with dark in people tent man	A dark tent with nightclub lighting and people dancing with a man in a suit in the foreground.
a riding on A path. biker mountain is woodland	A mountain biker is riding on a woodland path.
cut-out up balloon drawings hat two wearing a of men. A holds colored man	A man wearing a balloon hat holds up colored cut-out drawings of two men.
black A the its snow is something in holding mouth. in lab	A black lab in the snow is holding something in its mouth.
Two men playing horseshoes.	Two men playing horseshoes.
trains with treats. dog girl her white A	A girl trains her white dog with treats.
ride shirts Three on together people green wearing swings. the	Three people wearing green shirts ride together on the swings.
things. A filled rows a with lady canoe	A lady rows a canoe filled with things.
toy grass. brown with are a Two dogs on green playing	Two brown dogs are playing with a green toy on grass.
a a paved down street white dog walking a couple	a couple walking a white dog down a paved street
fighters sword Two training.	Two sword fighters training.
stands The near in crowd. a and yellow man musical suit instruments the	The man in the yellow suit stands near musical instruments and a crowd.
cellphone on with man black blonde his talks hair and tips A	A man with black hair and blonde tips talks on his cellphone
with larger toy a and on training bicycle small small on A child riding wheels. child a	A small child on riding toy and a larger child on a small bicycle with training wheels.
by child A hidden balls	A child hidden by balls
in front A white grey woman in a kneels man dress. in of a a suit	A man in a grey suit kneels in front of a woman in a white dress.
A digging brown hole. dog a	A brown dog digging a hole.
A dog. sleeping with big sits a baby	A baby sits with a big sleeping dog.
ball by a grey wall. hat boy a a carrying colored a soccer reddish in is	a boy in a grey hat is carrying a soccer ball by a reddish colored wall.
the A naked little being into girl air. thrown	A naked little girl being thrown into the air.
A man mountain a high of top on	A man on top of a high mountain
boy with gun. a toy A	A boy with a toy gun.
in midair A in a horse corral. is	A horse is in midair in a corral.
women crowded in outdoor embrace event. black Two at	Two women in black embrace at crowded outdoor event.
Men skiing.	Men skiing.
women Two a young wearing skirts stand black head and red scarves door. near colorful	Two young women wearing black head scarves and colorful skirts stand near a red door.
a karate Two in men tournament. compete	Two men compete in a karate tournament.
children grin hug Two other. and each	Two children grin and hug each other.
tagged number a gets The on girl player at white on team. team the other base by ten the softball	The number ten player on the white softball team gets tagged at base by a girl on the other team.
runs its mouth. beach of out something with on the large hanging a dog	a large dog runs on the beach with something hanging out of its mouth.
young group for A smile people of camera. the	A group of young people smile for the camera.
jumping A tan an over dog obstacle.	A tan dog jumping over an obstacle.
a chew plays A dog shaggy toy. white colorful with	A shaggy white dog plays with a colorful chew toy.
at waiting bicycles People on intersection. an	People on bicycles waiting at an intersection.
A slide. bottom of child an inflatable reaches the	A child reaches the bottom of an inflatable slide.
older sits man several An and stand. people	An older man sits and several people stand.
wetsuit the has his on A a dog mouth in beach.	A dog has a wetsuit in his mouth on the beach.
taken Boy surrounded shirt getting in yellow picture pigeons by	Boy in yellow shirt getting picture taken surrounded by pigeons
person and profile pierced a A with a hairstyle ear cowboy nose punk shirt. in a and young of	A profile of a young person with a punk hairstyle and pierced ear and nose in a cowboy shirt.
playing purple the toy black snow. dog in A a with	A black dog playing with a purple toy in the snow.
ball. red brown after A running a dog	A brown dog running after a red ball.
on A yellow man a surfs board.	A man surfs on a yellow board.
snow is over through jumping A weeds. dog some the	A dog is jumping through the snow over some weeds.
A a mountain jumping snowboarder off cliff.	A snowboarder jumping off a mountain cliff.
brown one a has men on shirt a Two one other sunglasses. and white has shirt and	Two men one has a white shirt and other one has on a brown shirt and sunglasses.
An old man sits.	An old man sits.
and dog water Man to next standing rocks on	Man and dog standing on rocks next to water
and is drawing A sidewalk dress wearing girl a a picture woman a the on blue chalk. boy with sidewalk of a	A woman wearing a blue dress is drawing a picture of a boy and a girl on the sidewalk with sidewalk chalk.
on A man the cycling is road.	A man is cycling on the road.
on is climbing A a rope kid course.	A kid is climbing on a rope course.
face. rock A a person climbs	A person climbs a rock face.
high head. in A his stands a boy hand his thick jacket little over with	A little boy in a thick jacket stands with his hand high over his head.
a in camera. shirt with Man a blue	Man in a blue shirt with a camera.
A skateboarding. boy	A boy skateboarding.
basketball team boy a dribbles ball. the A young on	A young boy on a basketball team dribbles the ball.
front standing A cliff in faces. of several man	A man standing in front of several cliff faces.
a path. on white-footed A a ball plays tennis beagle with garden	A white-footed beagle plays with a tennis ball on a garden path.
obstacle on a A an man. platform and dog	A dog on an obstacle platform and a man.
man blue shirt neck. whistle white has The Nike and his the pants around with a	The man with the white pants and blue Nike shirt has a whistle around his neck.
ice. climbs a A man up sheer wall of	A man climbs up a sheer wall of ice.
A with a riding the passenager in motorcycle his man dog is seat.	A man is riding a motorcycle with his dog in the passenager seat.
together their props. celebrities with like Three play and children act	Three children play together and act like celebrities with their props.
up dog path towards black is A plants. potted some a and white running	A black and white dog is running up a path towards some potted plants.
one dogs, in Two a of one and snow. black field camera face white, the	Two dogs, one black and one white, face the camera in a field of snow.
a an umbrella. bride cover takes under	a bride takes cover under an umbrella.
some of water. across large, the skates top white A bird	A large, white bird skates across the top of some water.
into eastern talking microphone a protest is a A event. woman middle at	A middle eastern woman is talking into a microphone at a protest event.
Three in a girls swing sitting are a young bench on park.	Three young girls are sitting on a bench swing in a park.
A running a in is brown grassy plain. dog	A brown dog is running in a grassy plain.
finger a A resting face nose. woman her beside wearing blue is her	A woman wearing a blue face is resting her finger beside her nose.
front electric A an girl amplifier. playing in guitar is an of	A girl is playing an electric guitar in front of an amplifier.
Black dog snaps dog and brown black object lunges. as red at	Black dog snaps at red and black object as brown dog lunges.
the water. baseball cap woman next sits a A and to dress in	A woman in a dress and baseball cap sits next to the water.
into playing guitar. microphone A while sings a woman	A woman sings into a microphone while playing guitar.
on and beach. white dog a is tan A running	A white and tan dog is running on a beach.
Two a for piece men posing mountains. front in snowcapped of	Two men posing for a piece in front of snowcapped mountains.
innertube. in girl a young wearing an bikini A	A young girl wearing a bikini in an innertube.
white two stream dogs a drinking of out	two white dogs drinking out of a stream
two a each young with girls field. sacks htting other on	two young girls htting each other with sacks on a field.
hawaiin and holding A woman infant dressed skateboard. a on posing in a an shirt	A woman holding and posing an infant dressed in a hawaiin shirt on a skateboard.
is leaping white swing. The wearing the boy from	The boy wearing white is leaping from the swing.
water black A dog shaking off	A black dog shaking off water
a a into her water a lap down with A purple on small slide woman boy pool. slides	A woman slides down a purple water slide with a small boy on her lap into a pool.
looking child at sprinkler in a A dress a is	A child in a dress is looking at a sprinkler
mouth. dog his treat a A white in catching	A white dog catching a treat in his mouth.
in stubby with is a man a forest backpack standing A short	A short stubby man with a backpack is standing in a forest
mountain. tricks do on Snowboarders	Snowboarders do tricks on mountain.
A woman cellphone. on wearing talks coat a and walks her blue	A woman wearing a blue coat walks and talks on her cellphone.
a shirt man with in skateboard a attempts inside tricks painted purple a graffiti A heavily area.	A man in a purple shirt attempts tricks with a skateboard inside a heavily graffiti painted area.
yellow canoe a person and in of A a red in the water. paddle blue front holding in	A person in red and blue holding a paddle in front of a yellow canoe in the water.
2008 excited An ticket presidential election. the Obama the for of supporter	An excited supporter of the Obama ticket for the 2008 presidential election.
of full a a boy wagon pumpkins. pushes	a boy pushes a wagon full of pumpkins.
area, floor. boys Two colorful with in tent-like balls on	Two boys in tent-like area, with colorful balls on floor.
tongue is on with dog white sticking its furry walking A out. leaves	A white furry dog is walking on leaves with its tongue sticking out.
large of with people crow their A raised. hands	A large crow of people with their hands raised.
and wearing while Dark child haired cart. jacket sitting crown paper in shopping	Dark haired child wearing jacket and paper crown while sitting in shopping cart.
couple the to A box older next office.	A older couple next to the box office.
water. across body a Two of run dogs near stones	Two dogs run across stones near a body of water.
surrounding in young while ocean A is water girl sand, her. lying the is	A young girl is lying in the sand, while ocean water is surrounding her.
plays a A on toddler playground.	A toddler plays on a playground.
a climbing rock hanging man a under mountain	a man mountain climbing hanging under a rock
has tattoo. The lady a	The lady has a tattoo.
a rock. big man picking up A	A man picking up a big rock.
shore. dogs on running the Two	Two dogs running on the shore.
front in large trick a a skateboarder performs of A crowd.	A skateboarder performs a trick in front of a large crowd.
elder cap of in people shirt stand him. a a and group man behind white flag a waves as An	An elder man in a white shirt and cap waves a flag as a group of people stand behind him.
girls in the background. Two in a with crowd dressed blue	Two girls dressed in blue with a crowd in the background.
smiling plastic A swing-toy. on plays green boy a	A smiling boy plays on a green plastic swing-toy.
school Two are in hallway. a girls	Two girls are in a school hallway.
is A rocky a trying outcropping. to man photograph	A man is trying to photograph a rocky outcropping.
hand winter in guys out jeans and blue hats condoms. The two	The two guys in blue jeans and winter hats hand out condoms.
dog ball grass. a small A the is in to catch red about while	A small dog is about to catch a red ball while in the grass.
A dog through area. runs wooded a very	A dog runs through a very wooded area.
orange with brown toy. dogs play greyish Two an	Two greyish brown dogs play with an orange toy.
black The large with is T-shirt brown a girl dog. out with the	The girl with the black T-shirt is out with a large brown dog.
wooded area. dog through a lean A runs	A lean dog runs through a wooded area.
rocky people in a jackets Three beach. at	Three people in jackets at a rocky beach.
as girls menu a with orders. look the unhappy their takes waiter at Two faces	Two girls look at a menu with unhappy faces as the waiter takes their orders.
with dog behind across with brown a following dog a a a collar field. grassy pink black is	a black dog with a pink collar is following behind a brown dog with across a grassy field.
couches. and adults a sitting are some children Two of row black on	Two children and some adults are sitting on a row of black couches.
woman of wearing money. a full A suitcase	A woman wearing a suitcase full of money.
a sheep. field with poses green A hiker in	A hiker poses in a green field with sheep.
walking lots around the ground. with trees street of the Two and on bare people snow on	Two people walking on the street with lots of bare trees around and snow on the ground.
shallow walking through golden water A dog haired	A golden haired dog walking through shallow water
to while into the tries catcher slides home A woman block.	A woman slides into home while the catcher tries to block.
is a person a A riding red track. around motorcycle	A person is riding a red motorcycle around a track.
little is a tires boy off of jumping mound A woods. the in	A little boy is jumping off a mound of tires in the woods.
the leaps while girl guitar. air a in young toy playing A barefooted	A young barefooted girl leaps in the air while playing a toy guitar.
dog a and sled girl alongside a with them running riding woman on A downhill	A woman and girl riding downhill on a sled with a dog running alongside them
into water. run dogs Three the	Three dogs run into the water.
full to A of a next man table sunglasses beverages. wearing sitting	A man wearing sunglasses sitting next to a table full of beverages.
wearing teeth a his by is at sitting dog that yellow a collar bearing dog a tree. is another	a dog wearing a yellow collar is bearing his teeth at another dog that is sitting by a tree.
casting shadow. a is the jacket red boy in little The	The little boy in the red jacket is casting a shadow.
children a two looking up with hair dirty outs clown holding cut paper blond of	a dirty looking clown holding up two paper cut outs of children with blond hair
jump Boy in black crowd doing dressed a is skateboarding watching. with a	Boy dressed in black is doing a skateboarding jump with a crowd watching.
in dogs snow. Two	Two dogs in snow.
boy into little in bed. the standing jumping Man with bedroom	Man standing in the bedroom with little boy jumping into bed.
sheep. herd is of A sheepdog up rounding a	A sheepdog is rounding up a herd of sheep.
hopscotch chalked Someone the out playing ground. grid on on a is	Someone is playing hopscotch on a chalked out grid on the ground.
A rock climbing. gentleman is	A gentleman is rock climbing.
mountain. is A climbing a person snowy	A person is climbing a snowy mountain.
woman a on shirt wearing bench. yellow sits a A wooden	A woman wearing a yellow shirt sits on a wooden bench.
Two hockey each while against the ice. players other on bumps skating	Two hockey players bumps against each other while skating on the ice.
a a A sit bench soda other while next to drinking bench standing people is a nearby. on man	A man is standing next to a bench drinking a soda while other people sit on a bench nearby.
waters. rafting is canoe A wild a in person in	A person in a canoe is rafting in wild waters.
in young woman standing A is on her a with camcorder grass video the hand	A young woman is standing on the grass with a video camcorder in her hand
area. water, in tents Boy and into background, in heads big rural hills	Boy heads into water, big tents and hills in background, in rural area.
jumping show. dog is a a white dog fences and black in	a black and white dog is jumping fences in a dog show.
into black off a to jump to is fetch ball. dock preparing water A a the dog	A black dog is preparing to jump off a dock into the water to fetch a ball.
boy the soccer field. down A running player	A boy soccer player running down the field.
A is holding dark rod. in a hoodie boy a blond fishing	A blond boy in a dark hoodie is holding a fishing rod.
leading through A dog running furry is plants. to a doorway	A furry dog is running through a doorway leading to plants.
toy jumping a doberman with playing air the A in	A doberman jumping in the air playing with a toy
three wheelers. three ride children	three children ride three wheelers.
red while in man up a man red struggles A rock dirt another a bike in watches. on	A man in red on a dirt bike struggles up a rock while another man in red watches.
a jumping dogs swimming into Two pool.	Two dogs jumping into a swimming pool.
the the white tennis tennis player hits wearing ball.	the tennis player wearing white hits the tennis ball.
green in a uniform. player sports A	A sports player in a green uniform.
chair a street. in on folding Man relaxing the	Man relaxing in a folding chair on the street.
boat his yellow next in stands A the to water. man	A man stands next to his yellow boat in the water.
street. dressed clowns three are as city up in people a	three people are dressed up as clowns in a city street.
walk past of manequins. out People a two building	People walk out of a building past two manequins.
woman wearing in crowd. man Mickey and ears a Mouse a	a man and woman wearing Mickey Mouse ears in a crowd.
distant Boy a kite. flying	Boy flying a distant kite.
is a An skiing down slope. individual mountain	An individual is skiing down a mountain slope.
through grass. green dog tan-and-white tall dashes single A	A single tan-and-white dog dashes through tall green grass.
at behind. pants in top with Small a of jacket a the fence child red khaki and slide	Small child in red jacket and khaki pants at the top of a slide with a fence behind.
intertube water an boys in on Three	Three boys on an intertube in water
in both " showing Michael the Jackson's DJ Girl club " Thriller. of cover camera	Girl in club DJ both showing camera the cover of Michael Jackson's " Thriller. "
suspended and person boy a A above structure. dome a	A boy and a person suspended above a dome structure.
wearing man a area a skiing wooded red wintry through A jacket.	A man skiing through a wintry wooded area wearing a red jacket.
little snow. shoveling girl is A	A little girl is shoveling snow.
over flip bar. a the gymnast The does	The gymnast does a flip over the bar.
little in park. A the boy kicks ball soccer a	A little boy kicks a soccer ball in the park.
dog black catch a up tennis to A collar white a with ball jumps	A white dog with a black collar jumps up to catch a tennis ball
through the brown white A running is river. and dog	A brown and white dog is running through the river.
artistic girl in photograph. high A swings little	A little girl swings high in artistic photograph.
group in a mouth a of people. a brown and dog Frisbee it catches front in of white	a brown and white dog catches a Frisbee in it mouth in front of a group of people.
A boy watches motion. little a Wheel in Ferris	A little boy watches a Ferris Wheel in motion.
woods. creek the A through winds	A creek winds through the woods.
pink a bed bounces on a wearing girl	a girl wearing pink bounces on a bed
wall. the mug brick for a in front boys of camera Four	Four boys mug for the camera in front of a brick wall.
running tent. a of out small A white dog	A small white dog running out of a tent.
dog sniffing a dog large A smaller outside.	A large dog sniffing a smaller dog outside.
dog a catching a Frisbee in of front A red building.	A dog catching a Frisbee in front of a red building.
riding green bike with helmet dirt Biker a midair.	Biker with helmet riding a green dirt bike midair.
small jumping in his with hand. shirt white A a a in sword is boy	A small boy in a white shirt is jumping with a sword in his hand.
sparklers. lighting People	People lighting sparklers.
out while is the sun in A water at the person the sets. beach	A person is out in the water at the beach while the sun sets.
through and walks A grass. brown green tan dog the	A brown and tan dog walks through the green grass.
a talking on coat a A tracksuit a a woman the in street. and in phone cross man	A woman in a coat and a man in a tracksuit talking on a phone cross the street.
Brown through dog walks snowbanks. river between	Brown dog walks through river between snowbanks.
is low a dog jumping The over small furry beam.	The small furry dog is jumping over a low beam.
ball. on rocks with young small is pink The girl playing white a	The young girl is playing on white rocks with a small pink ball.
hat a a snow and scarf down walking red child street. in covered A	A child in a red hat and scarf walking down a snow covered street.
a swimming towards white tan a dog waterfall and	a tan and white dog swimming towards a waterfall
to water. land long-legged wading blue, bird in A prepares	A blue, long-legged wading bird prepares to land in water.
large with top A girl red running a in buildings young is through a background. in grassy area the	A young girl in a red top is running through a grassy area with large buildings in the background.
leaps dog A followed its a by trainer. hurdle, over	A dog leaps over a hurdle, followed by its trainer.
A graffiti. wall a performing with trick with wall on covered a bicycle his boy	A boy performing a wall trick with his bicycle on a wall covered with graffiti.
A a jumps on lawn. dog	A dog jumps on a lawn.
tricks a skateboarder to doing next brick on A stairs. wall	A skateboarder doing tricks on a brick wall next to stairs.
exterior shirts men be decorative red on walls in walking of the Two building. a to appear	Two men in red shirts appear to be walking on the exterior walls of a decorative building.
bird in a mouth. its grass, Black retriever stands the in holding	Black retriever stands in the grass, holding a bird in its mouth.
a to rock a woman man on jacket. A a sitting in is black bald next	A bald man is sitting on a rock next to a woman in a black jacket.
steps set of street , a near sit together Two outside on men a	Two men sit together on a set of steps outside near a street ,
face The laying is pavement. down trunks boy swim a on watery in	The boy in swim trunks is laying face down on a watery pavement.
an car black escorted umbrella to under bride being a large a	a bride being escorted under an umbrella to a large black car
the middle yellow of is rapids. the kayak in The	The yellow kayak is in the middle of the rapids.
a jogging signs. is A to next woman outfit red street several in	A woman in a red outfit is jogging next to several street signs.
the standing happily young house. inside is girl The	The young girl is happily standing inside the house.
a in jean A a dressed shirt climbs child brown near ponytail playground wooden pink a shorts on and pole small with and equipment.	A small child with a ponytail dressed in jean shorts and a pink and brown shirt climbs on a pole near wooden playground equipment.
woman many yellow in wearing stand the street.	many woman wearing yellow stand in the street.
hose Young the on blows boy deck. a sitting while into	Young boy blows into a hose while sitting on the deck.
singing man a red microphone. Hawaiian into	Hawaiian man singing into a red microphone.
people of group looking at sound A equipment.	A group of people looking at sound equipment.
something black dog beach. swimming biting the onto in A is	A black dog biting onto something is swimming in the beach.
is a wood. the and dog white chewing of lying grass on piece The	The white dog is lying on the grass and chewing a piece of wood.
game. one a Three during at different men grabbing ball soccer	Three different men grabbing at one soccer ball during a game.
toast of couple's at beer to glass wedding. girl a A a a stands with up make	A girl stands up with a glass of beer to make a toast at a couple's wedding.
A down woman skiing a snowy hill.	A woman skiing down a snowy hill.
a Someone bicycle. on turquoise is airborne	Someone is airborne on a turquoise bicycle.
snow. man near a eats the in tent A	A man eats near a tent in the snow.
two are motorcycles it. There a woman on with man a and	There are two motorcycles with a man and a woman on it.
sign front in a stop road of holding worker workers standing another a in the	a workers standing in the road holding a stop sign in front of another worker
" says Two this for picure a what pose a holding card people that " is ? know	Two people pose for a picure holding a card that says " know what this is ? "
kicking with black and a the soccer other Boy players nearby. uniform ball in white	Boy in a black and white soccer uniform kicking the ball with other players nearby.
a resting floor on is tiled open. head eyes its white A with its dog	A white dog is resting its head on a tiled floor with its eyes open.
by foggy conditions in A surfer a bridge	A surfer by a bridge in foggy conditions
and of people who A look stand jumped. kid a at group	A group of people stand and look at a kid who jumped.
track Dogs racing a around	Dogs racing around a track
woman veil. looking A a a that and looks like is wedding piece wearing hair white down	A woman is looking down and wearing a white hair piece that looks like a wedding veil.
A a skateboard guy front crowd. a on performs of trick a in	A guy on a skateboard performs a trick in front of a crowd.
shirt a looking forest on a binoculars. blue in sitting child A floor, through	A child in a blue shirt sitting on a forest floor, looking through binoculars.
Man with holding neck his Mardi Gras with around banner Beads pole	Man with Mardi Gras Beads around his neck holding pole with banner
young bike man pushes A motocross up a dirt his hill.	A young man pushes his motocross bike up a dirt hill.
throwing pitcher is young A baseball. the	A young pitcher is throwing the baseball.
A tackles stadium. football another the on player in player pro crowded a goal line	A pro football player tackles another player on the goal line in a crowded stadium.
Star a is young of David large students. Woman to showing	Woman is showing a large Star of David to young students.
a A down jockey in grassy racing are raceway. their and blue jockey horses in yellow a	A jockey in yellow and a jockey in blue are racing their horses down a grassy raceway.
through a pulling dogs a snow. the of sled group	a group of dogs pulling a sled through the snow.
with man is climbing spotters below. A rock	A man is rock climbing with spotters below.
in the his ground stick mouth. trots large a A dog across with	A dog trots across the ground with a large stick in his mouth.
a in shirt at red A pinata. swinging is boy little a	A little boy in a red shirt is swinging at a pinata.
team A together. in with huddle is a hands sports	A sports team is in a huddle with hands together.
Two brindle grass. dogs in the running	Two brindle dogs running in the grass.
in a a bicycle beret A rides the street. man down	A man in a beret rides a bicycle down the street.
and woman A laugh. child	A woman and child laugh.
the park. backbends children Four do in	Four children do backbends in the park.
with with Three tennis out dogs grass running tongues a the ball. on	Three dogs with tongues out running on the grass with a tennis ball.
park a white travels path A narrow dog along in a setting.	A white dog travels along a narrow path in a park setting.
Young at boy blue shorts the in beach.	Young boy in blue shorts at the beach.
a eating child something. green A jacket in small	A small child in a green jacket eating something.
This area, camera. man in is a camouflage aiming clothing, in a wilderness	This man is in camouflage clothing, in a wilderness area, aiming a camera.
board child water. A the on while boogie adult orange an looks an the in waves from rides	A child rides an orange boogie board in the waves while an adult looks on from the water.
in People a and parade dancing. wearing multi-colored clothes	People in a parade wearing multi-colored clothes and dancing.
white A with dog up. runs one ear	A white dog runs with one ear up.
the a Two across dogs racing water beach. toward	Two dogs racing across the water toward a beach.
row along the while kids of a sitting chairs The talking on wall.	The kids talking while sitting on a row of chairs along the wall.
on sweatshirt a A girl in sitting a in blue dress girl leaning and a lockers. green down	A girl in a green sweatshirt sitting down and a girl in a dress leaning on blue lockers.
in baby some his a has seeds grass mouth.	a baby has some grass seeds in his mouth.
table at a lit girls with covered seated candle with candles	girls seated at table with a candle covered with lit candles
black looks Woman denim at on skirt display. t-shirt and with magazines	Woman with black t-shirt and denim skirt looks at magazines on display.
wearing gets BMX a of a black air helmet jump. rider off The	The BMX rider wearing a black helmet gets air off of a jump.
in while being play suspended Two harnesses. children	Two children play while being suspended in harnesses.
runs the The towards dog ball.	The dog runs towards the ball.
in a A a hound around chasing dog toy. house runs	A hound dog runs around in a house chasing a toy.
A man sitting on snowbank. is a	A man is sitting on a snowbank.
jumping air man the A into	A man jumping into the air
on steps. A dancer	A dancer on steps.
climbing rock face. a person A	A person climbing a rock face.
A	A
outdoors. a kids Two large up statue little crawl to	Two little kids crawl up to a large statue outdoors.
roller a in participate derby. Three women	Three women participate in a roller derby.
Two walking people sand. are through the	Two people are walking through the sand.
to prepares Man take kayak ride. a	Man prepares to take a kayak ride.
sitting are camera. sand the Three on our the the girls posing beach at for	Three girls are sitting our on the sand at the beach posing for the camera.
three are a mountaintop. men These young on standing	These three young men are standing on a mountaintop.
on wave. a surfboards Person	Person surfboards on a wave.
Buddhists street. walk on the three	three Buddhists walk on the street.
mountains is with dirt him. The brown dog the behind beautiful along path walking	The brown dog is walking along the dirt path with beautiful mountains behind him.
its snow lips falls. while dog A licking	A dog licking its lips while snow falls.
people at of night. crowd A socializing	A crowd of people socializing at night.
his in the and the captured air A is on a shadow bicycler ceiling. does trick	A bicycler does a trick in the air and his shadow is captured on the ceiling.
the in dribbles the tries in ball, stop orange player to The him. player the while white the	The player in the white dribbles the ball, while the player in the orange tries to stop him.
marked neat blue trashcan. on DIEGO, hunched gray Man bench SAN	Man hunched on gray bench marked SAN DIEGO, neat blue trashcan.
power the the A stop to of people building at of plant. coal Kingsworth group protest a	A group of people at a protest to stop the building of the Kingsworth coal power plant.
Two men boxing in match. a	Two men boxing in a match.
near girl A in dress yellow a restaurant.	A girl in yellow dress near a restaurant.
through water. running Three dogs	Three dogs running through water.
is white a A ridden being racetrack. around motorcycle	A white motorcycle is being ridden around a racetrack.
riding A is parking in black lot. the in man a bike	A man in black is riding a bike in the parking lot.
a over in performing trick Snowboarder the air snow. high	Snowboarder performing a trick high in the air over snow.
board young a skateboarder doing trick while watches. little his another A boy skateboarder on is	A little boy skateboarder is doing a trick on his board while another young skateboarder watches.
three float. children a around gather red	three children gather around a red float.
Mohawk wearing has blue a man a	a man wearing blue has a Mohawk
are on religious where people at in red wall. place motorcycles murals two look a Two there the	Two people look at two red motorcycles in a place where there are religious murals on the wall.
toddler wooden the in t-shirt white fence. touching is a A	A toddler in a white t-shirt is touching the wooden fence.
ball air mouth. its tennis the brown leaps dog catch in dirty to into A a	A brown dog leaps into the air to catch a dirty tennis ball in its mouth.
man men, being looking other group of barrier. behind a a people on A carried by	A man being carried by a group of other men, people looking on behind a barrier.
wearing is The throwing baseball the blue player ball.	The baseball player wearing blue is throwing the ball.
shore girl a the ocean. the of on A jeans does handstand in	A girl in jeans does a handstand on the shore of the ocean.
a on bicyclist bike trick a jumping a	a bicyclist jumping a trick on a bike
Three beach, fully the men stand on clothed.	Three men stand on the beach, fully clothed.
the people on a two cliff of top	two people on the top of a cliff
stars girl in stars. with blue with Blonde woman in beside top brunette standing white top	Blonde girl in white top with stars standing beside brunette woman in blue top with stars.
is up the dog The in jumping black air.	The black dog is jumping up in the air.
sunglasses in a sitting man is chair. A wearing	A man wearing sunglasses is sitting in a chair.
in runs a The field. camera dog towards the	The dog runs towards the camera in a field.
on beach. the running Brown dog	Brown dog running on the beach.
playing carpet. a on A dog white doll a with blue is black	A black dog is playing with a blue doll on a white carpet.
tan fluffy dog A dropping a toy. colourful	A fluffy tan dog dropping a colourful toy.
Closeup with boulders. lined a road a of man cycling down	Closeup of a man cycling down a road lined with boulders.
forest. through field walk to A a in group a a of next people line	A group of people walk in a line through a field next to a forest.
dirt in A the jeep woods. in the white	A white jeep in the dirt in the woods.
a with A girl guitar.	A girl with a guitar.
man large the rock. a scales	a man scales the large rock.
look against and the railing a Three people buildings at lean across water.	Three people lean against a railing and look at buildings across the water.
dancing are around in four children a a city pole street.	four children are dancing around a pole in a city street.
wearing A men black two woman jackets. and	A woman and two men wearing black jackets.
in girl suit a A paddle. a carries bathing	A girl in a bathing suit carries a paddle.
car pulls the side rally blue watching track. of spectators A from the from away the	A blue rally car pulls away from the spectators watching from the side of the track.
and Two suits hold laugh in drinks. men	Two men in suits laugh and hold drinks.
black a dog fighting larger in smaller dog A a forest. brown with	A smaller black dog fighting with a larger brown dog in a forest.
sitting surrounded on is baby diapers by floor and A basket. the	A baby is sitting on the floor surrounded by diapers and basket.
ceiling. suspended Two the kick children other being from each while	Two children kick each other while being suspended from the ceiling.
dogs begging at are kitchen the The counter.	The dogs are begging at the kitchen counter.
person of a up A khaki the pants rocky wearing cliff. side climbing	A person wearing khaki pants climbing up the side of a rocky cliff.
photographer A a taking picture people by while surrounded	A photographer taking a picture while surrounded by people
Frisbee. with Two one a dogs,	Two dogs, one with a Frisbee.
for young by a posing amphitheater, watching conference. adults girls surrounded picture in an Three outdoor a	Three young girls posing for a picture in an outdoor amphitheater, surrounded by adults watching a conference.
one together. one Two and and dogs, white, and white brown lean run black	Two lean dogs, one brown and white and one black and white, run together.
brown in dog large while to water. A begins the shake standing	A large brown dog begins to shake while standing in the water.
air, dog and The the into above leaps white brown snow covered ground.	The white and brown dog leaps into the air, above snow covered ground.
at boy rope A black crowded a jumps a and over red park.	A boy jumps over a red and black rope at a crowded park.
in dog its The runs tiny the small a fluffy grass white through green mouth. stick with	The small fluffy white dog runs through the green grass with a tiny stick in its mouth.
runs the fur dog A black brown with snow. in and	A dog with black and brown fur runs in the snow.
bottle. plastic a race running carrying a A is woman	A woman is running a race carrying a plastic bottle.
man air. leaps into A the	A man leaps into the air.
children something man with ground, a brick child one see. to People points on small to for a	People with small children on a brick ground, one man points to something for a child to see.
yellow across a yellow sliding and wearing The is a skier jumpsuit rail.	The skier is wearing a yellow jumpsuit and sliding across a yellow rail.
is a a man black and social clothing wearing setting. in mask A black	A man is wearing a black mask and black clothing in a social setting.
dogs water. play in Three	Three dogs play in water.
water hand. looks the man an object A in his over out with	A man looks out over the water with an object in his hand.
people at group sitting of table. a A	A group of people sitting at a table.
toddler orange down in an running toy A is path his with hand. the	A toddler is running down the path with an orange toy in his hand.
a is blue sunglasses of base the child wearing A young at slide.	A young child wearing sunglasses is at the base of a blue slide.
computer, man, by cat. playing sitting his his to guitar A	A man, sitting by his computer, playing guitar to his cat.
dog brown a and in grass. A dog black running are and white	A brown dog and a white and black dog are running in grass.
low skateboarder stone on the The does wall. a trick	The skateboarder does a trick on the low stone wall.
dog. with his man playing A	A man playing with his dog.
yellow surfboard young into man A a shirt wave. a flies off in his	A young man in a yellow shirt flies off his surfboard into a wave.
black and through snow a white jumping the dog	a black and white dog jumping through the snow
run soccer prepares goalies Two toward players block. opposing a a ball while the	Two opposing soccer players run toward the ball while a goalies prepares a block.
woman up A rock steep a climbs face.	A woman climbs up a steep rock face.
young jumping on through a air the playground. girl a	a young girl jumping through the air on a playground.
walk shorts the girls Four down street. in	Four girls in shorts walk down the street.
person on hand. one A balances	A person balances on one hand.
stands A in brown deep the snow. dog white and	A brown and white dog stands in the deep snow.
making a bike. high with his jump The cyclist is	The cyclist is making a high jump with his bike.
The old man white street. is the beard the with walking down	The old man with the white beard is walking down the street.
his young boy A a on colander head. wears metal	A young boy wears a metal colander on his head.
a with girl with poster black girl. blond poses A haired a	A blond girl with a poster poses with a black haired girl.
Two equipment the snow men into with stare distance.	Two men with snow equipment stare into the distance.
stairs, on trick. air with Skateboarding open	Skateboarding on stairs, with open air trick.
TV man of sunglasses stadium a baseball in cap a full and cameraman in people. beside A stands	A man in sunglasses and a baseball cap stands beside a TV cameraman in stadium full of people.
women art an at Three wine the women glasses. gallery, two holding of	Three women at an art gallery, two of the women holding wine glasses.
and the a with is background. as bicycle sky grass A trick person a on doing	A person is doing a trick on a bicycle with grass and sky as the background.
plastic bubbles woman an Asian from blowing hoops. pink and Asian man are an	an Asian man and an Asian woman are blowing bubbles from pink plastic hoops.
is to brown a in ball retrive hole. orange dirt his A trying that has dog fallen	A brown dog is trying to retrive his orange ball that has fallen in a dirt hole.
a dog swims The towards waterfall.	The dog swims towards a waterfall.
A is stretching black in shorts his leg. out man	A man in black shorts is stretching out his leg.
a A catching ball. is dog	A dog is catching a ball.
child shorts in screen holding A shirtless window fallen a out. has blue up that	A shirtless child in blue shorts holding up a window screen that has fallen out.
A on a bed white shorts set in jumping sports toddler a	A toddler in a white sports shorts set jumping on a bed
football two are ball. Three for players fighting and the	Three football players and two are fighting for the ball.
jumps A man a wooden structure. off	A man jumps off a wooden structure.
origin are Women near common African tap, of colecting water at fence. water wire	Women of African origin are colecting water at common water tap, near wire fence.
holding a another cups nearby. man and man woman with A	A man and a woman holding cups with another man nearby.
climbs man A rocks. some	A man climbs some rocks.
with camera. other hug women the tattoos Two for middle-aged each	Two middle-aged women with tattoos hug each other for the camera.
and in his man wearing The gloves hawk is holding hands. a	The man is wearing gloves and holding a hawk in his hands.
hi people man hat tuxedo other right a with a wearing standing to top and outside some	a man wearing a tuxedo and top hat standing outside with some other people to hi right
jumps the out beach. waves at the A of dog	A dog jumps out of the waves at the beach.
a up a backview towards dog of dressed and running a jacket The in man him.	The backview of a man dressed up in a jacket and a dog running towards him.
rifles. Military personnel shoot	Military personnel shoot rifles.
around turn the is racing of a racing track. a dirt white dog muzzle A with	A white racing dog with a muzzle is racing around the turn of a dirt track.
face. climbing up a rock barren Man	Man climbing up a barren rock face.
dark, through running snowy one terrain. light and Two colored large one dogs,	Two large dogs, one light colored and one dark, running through snowy terrain.
matching a uniforms group of in jogging people track. A around	A group of people in matching uniforms jogging around a track.
the bike his laying A on dirt person while in air. down is	A person is laying down on his dirt bike while in the air.
as for the its A it to licks filled. chops waits brown food empty pitbull be bowl	A brown pitbull licks its chops as it waits for the empty food bowl to be filled.
A jump a a is and nearby bush building. wooden over bicyclist attempting a trick	A bicyclist is attempting a trick over a jump nearby a bush and wooden building.
walk people through store. many the	many people walk through the store.
A a on person mountaintop. stands	A person stands on a mountaintop.
a the background. female lionist in A in field mountain with green a green jumping	A female lionist jumping in a green field with a green mountain in the background.
children a group plastic playing inside house on a young a of boat	a group of young children playing on a plastic boat inside a house
in park. black running A snowy and dog white a	A black and white dog running in a snowy park.
skier making is A a mountain. way their lone up	A lone skier is making their way up a mountain.
strokes a white in lady dog's dress A her plaid face.	A lady in a plaid dress strokes her white dog's face.
women elderly walking from Three behind.	Three elderly women walking from behind.
are two in the The dogs yard. playing	The two dogs are playing in the yard.
dog as runs towards a man the away. white walks camera A	A white dog runs towards the camera as a man walks away.
A different two directions. and looking woman in men	A woman and two men looking in different directions.
at red of in a a long in a eyebrow front boy his wall, raises the blue shirt, camera	a boy in a red shirt, in front of a long blue wall, raises his eyebrow at the camera
a outside. petting dog is A woman	A woman is petting a dog outside.
sit outside bench man a storefront. back-to-back A and a a on woman	A man and a woman sit back-to-back on a bench outside a storefront.
steps off in some his skateboard his jumps A friends watch. boy blue while	A boy in blue jumps his skateboard off some steps while his friends watch.
are and Three bus. t-shirt a people, on wearing baseball a cap, one seated	Three people, one wearing a t-shirt and baseball cap, are seated on a bus.
in between steps crawling steps behind from Dog the	Dog crawling in between steps from behind the steps
on fetching field. something brown mouth a dog its is A in	A brown dog is fetching something in its mouth on a field.
a walk a and woman ocean. into the boy	a boy and a woman walk into the ocean.
motorcyclist A wheelie. pops a	A motorcyclist pops a wheelie.
on Jockeys during horses race. a	Jockeys on horses during a race.
man A bench a woman on sitting a and	A man and a woman sitting on a bench
A a its swimming with in ball is mouth. black dog	A black dog is swimming with a ball in its mouth.
a holds swimming. while white A dog stick	A white dog holds a stick while swimming.
rock. sits a man on a	a man sits on a rock.
of a of young man sits on vehicle. A a the the boy behind wheel lap	A young boy sits on the lap of a man behind the wheel of a vehicle.
dog A on his rolls back.	A dog rolls on his back.
waits shiner for A customers. shoe	A shoe shiner waits for customers.
A man a in in a shirt stands by stairway. of in woman a shirt woman a a a black front shirt white in and red	A woman in a red shirt stands by a man in a white shirt and a woman in a black shirt in front of a stairway.
girls Two pink tree. and coats lean bottles on from in drink a soda	Two girls in pink coats drink from soda bottles and lean on a tree.
jacket the a is beside a coffee shop of in window man down. black looking A	A man in a black jacket is beside the window of a coffee shop looking down.
two rings. man Mohawk and with a large A nipple	A large man with a Mohawk and two nipple rings.
takes a basketball shot. A player	A basketball player takes a shot.
collar runs in forest red winter. a a middle with dog A in the of	A dog with a red collar runs in a forest in the middle of winter.
a A black with shirt. girl blonde hair and	A girl with blonde hair and a black shirt.
is a its along with stick beach mouth. in A running dog a white	A white dog is running along a beach with a stick in its mouth.
like a hand. red child A a shaped hat is wearing	A child is wearing a red hat shaped like a hand.
An empty restaurant. Mexican themed a seat at	An empty seat at a Mexican themed restaurant.
runs A and dog stick. carrying white a big away brown	A brown and white dog runs away carrying a big stick.
a snowboarder is There tricks in half a doing pipe.	There is a snowboarder doing tricks in a half pipe.
yellow shirt a woman sunny street. walks down A in a	A woman in a yellow shirt walks down a sunny street.
are something Two hold and is hair smiling and girls long one white green. with	Two girls with long hair are smiling and one is hold something white and green.
jumping bales. A on white hay is dog paws with black	A black dog with white paws is jumping on hay bales.
a along riding A skis trail. skier is tree lined	A skier is riding skis along a tree lined trail.
children streetlamp. street water desolate a near on a on riding bikes Two and	Two children on bikes riding on a desolate street near water and a streetlamp.
on sandy is jumping A dog of water a over a beach. stream	A dog is jumping over a stream of water on a sandy beach.
A a t-shirt holding ball a toothbrush. boy and in Spiderman wearing a bathroom the	A boy in the bathroom wearing a Spiderman t-shirt holding a ball and a toothbrush.
in dirt the is A snow. running dog and	A dog is running in the dirt and snow.
the a blue girl A on frolics little white blouse grass. in and pants	A little girl in a white blouse and blue pants frolics on the grass.
in grass. at grey dog a dog A brown barks the	A brown dog barks at a grey dog in the grass.
tricycles race on little downhill. kids Three	Three little kids on tricycles race downhill.
group A of in bikinis. young ladies	A group of young ladies in bikinis.
top a mountain. rocky stands man of on A	A man stands on top of a rocky mountain.
on the orange wall him. behind across in parking boy with A graffiti a lot shirt an runs	A boy in an orange shirt runs across a parking lot with graffiti on the wall behind him.
shirt in a skateboard. person on a red A	A person in a red shirt on a skateboard.
a dress across in paisley sandy girl runs a A little playground.	A little girl in a paisley dress runs across a sandy playground.
an A brown on dog mouth its in hillside. snowy a object carries	A brown dog carries an object in its mouth on a snowy hillside.
get is trying kitchen up standing against dog to the bags. A into counters	A dog is standing up against the kitchen counters trying to get into bags.
A equipment. climbs on red in play a child shirt	A child in a red shirt climbs on play equipment.
ocean. man Young in the surfing	Young man surfing in the ocean.
on Motorcyclists a track. racing	Motorcyclists racing on a track.
field. is catching The baseball player a ball the on	The baseball player is catching a ball on the field.
boy outside. Little takes photos	Little boy takes photos outside.
bag, sorts and hat tote A carrying baby, wearing a white money. grocery woman bag, a a and blue her a	A woman wearing a white hat and carrying a baby, a grocery bag, and a blue tote bag, sorts her money.
walks brick at A sidewalk a night. woman down	A woman walks down a brick sidewalk at night.
woman sets. to leaning A sun right her the as	A woman leaning to her right as the sun sets.
the person walking is The mountains. in	The person is walking in the mountains.
is picture a of red and a white, black, flag. There green,	There is a picture of a green, white, black, and red flag.
show A competeition. fence a jumping horse jumps a in	A horse jumps a fence in a show jumping competeition.
walking on dog A looks white the back while black beach. and	A black and white dog looks back while walking on the beach.
dogs Three in water. playing	Three dogs playing in water.
orange a in a through play tunnel boy an climbes jacket	a boy in an orange jacket climbes through a play tunnel
a a at are and man woman in a gallery. painting looking a	a man and a woman are looking at a painting in a gallery.
the A dog splashes through water.	A dog splashes through the water.
Three microphone. hearts out sing man their in woman a and the	Three woman and a man sing their hearts out in the microphone.
are rock, standing The holding people down rock, themselves on against two up while another a looking	The two people are standing on a rock, holding themselves up against another rock, while looking down
on its playing some poodle something are grass. dog with dry mouth A and in another black	A black poodle and another dog with something in its mouth are playing on some dry grass.
girl another toddler toddler girl. younger with A plays	A toddler girl plays with another younger toddler girl.
A kid a pushing consumer adult cart an behind is market. shopping inside a	A kid is pushing a shopping cart behind an adult inside a consumer market.
A stage. on a trophy the holds man	A man holds a trophy on the stage.
the a rock into water jumps off A man	A man jumps off a rock into the water
A is a jumping the from ocean. board boy into body	A boy is jumping from a body board into the ocean.
the grey grass. dog in black A fluffy and	A fluffy black and grey dog in the grass.
large of man A jumping the a into ocean rock off	A man jumping off of a large rock into the ocean
red table. A wearing jacket red climbs a a on baby	A baby wearing a red jacket climbs on a red table.
green jump A another in a him. man backwards shirt helps to over as begins	A man in a green shirt begins to jump over backwards as another helps him.
an running the boy, snow A and two adult through dogs	A boy, an adult and two dogs running through the snow
a toy while in The running catches black the its dog mouth field. in	The black dog catches a toy in its mouth while running in the field.
with a A in a uniform dog. playing man black	A man in a uniform playing with a black dog.
on A air a a guy gettin skateboard skatepark at lots of	A guy gettin lots of air on a skateboard at a skatepark
with two other. are playing There each dogs	There are two dogs playing with each other.
play children a on on hoops barrel playground. Two large	Two children play on large barrel hoops on a playground.
on outside. of a sidewalk children doing and activity adults group A some	A group of adults and children doing some activity on a sidewalk outside.
beach the sunset. walk girl man A at along and	A man and girl walk along the beach at sunset.
of sled. a pulling dogs team A	A team of dogs pulling a sled.
young equipment. hat playground girl wearing pink climbs on the A a	A young girl wearing a pink hat climbs on the playground equipment.
dogs green white in Two cutoff tails with running grass.	Two white dogs with cutoff tails running in green grass.
grass. Two play children green on soccer	Two children play soccer on green grass.
in the a A surfboard into ocean. carrying wetsuit a person is	A person in a wetsuit is carrying a surfboard into the ocean.
A dog stream. colored walking light is a through	A light colored dog is walking through a stream.
walking boys are inside a human-size Two exercise-wheel.	Two boys are walking inside a human-size exercise-wheel.
to cross A a bicyclist ready street. getting	A bicyclist getting ready to cross a street.
through retriever flowers. field golden A a yellow of runs	A golden retriever runs through a field of yellow flowers.
a hoop through tan dog A is fire jumping	A tan dog is jumping through a fire hoop
A in home facility. outdoor man showering shower a	A man showering in a home outdoor shower facility.
running Wet blonde through dog water	Wet blonde dog running through water
girls in a shirt a while shoulders. A flower man's sitting a holds on blue	A girls in a blue shirt holds a flower while sitting on a man's shoulders.
at a swatting cat A doberman dog	A cat swatting at a doberman dog
in boots down with woman big walks by a a A in the blue. followed purse woman street	A woman in boots with a big purse walks down the street followed by a woman in blue.
black a dog slightly grassy dog and larger area. a in chasing brown white small A	A small white and black dog chasing a slightly larger brown dog in a grassy area.
blue her A daughter in grass. the and with beach white woman a young and play ball	A young woman and her daughter play with a blue and white beach ball in the grass.
running beach. the on is animal An	An animal is running on the beach.
playing Dobermans a together or on Two fighting lawn.	Two Dobermans fighting or playing together on a lawn.
gentleman his showing reflective and sunglasses. smiling A	A gentleman smiling and showing his reflective sunglasses.
soft branded motorcycle in A motorcycle. turn racer on a HP an	A motorcycle racer in a soft turn on an HP branded motorcycle.
lavendar umbrella on gray-haired, under a blanket a street. shoeless a side A of sitting on is the woman	A gray-haired, shoeless woman is sitting on a blanket under a lavendar umbrella on the side of a street.
scooter child curb. is a jumping the A on	A child on a scooter is jumping the curb.
holding is boy young book. A a	A young boy is holding a book.
muxzzled greyhound race yellow with jacket. in leaping	muxzzled greyhound leaping in race with yellow jacket.
poodle a a beach its running carrying mouth. A stick in along	A poodle running along a beach carrying a stick in its mouth.
enjoyable A with a event. a to cast is record an using camcorder man	A man with a cast is using a camcorder to record an enjoyable event.
young card A table and girl at a watermelon. lemonade selling	A young girl at a card table selling lemonade and watermelon.
tunnel. snow person through crawls a A	A person crawls through a snow tunnel.
rough in man kiyaking water. A	A man kiyaking in rough water.
walk swimming trunks boys upstream. Three in	Three boys in swimming trunks walk upstream.
Four ocean. girls are volleyball a sandy near beach playing on	Four girls are playing volleyball on a sandy beach near ocean.
girl stands in a lit area. dimly A	A girl stands in a dimly lit area.
of on floor. are colored people a wooden in group clothing line dark A dancing	A group of people in dark colored clothing are line dancing on a wooden floor.
gets The the trick bicyclist off airborne ramp.	The trick bicyclist gets airborne off the ramp.
strewn down bicyclist is A a riding trail. leaf	A bicyclist is riding down a leaf strewn trail.
a into jumps off A of ledge of body a water. person	A person jumps off of a ledge into a body of water.
rides a red wearing A over dirt bicycle path. person a	A person wearing red rides a bicycle over a dirt path.
and ". in coat " pants pink person A at the a park snow white snowboards	A person in a white coat and pink pants snowboards at the " snow park ".
a bikes track. racing A bunch on of	A bunch of bikes racing on a track.
surfboard wave huge a on a a white over man jumping young	a young man on a white surfboard jumping over a huge wave
is dog beach. on running sand large, black A in the the	A large, black dog is running in the sand on the beach.
people over rope Two hanging on cliff. a a	Two people hanging on a rope over a cliff.
bicycle travels person A an overgrown hill. a down riding	A person riding a bicycle travels down an overgrown hill.
window. toddler A at with yawns the hairclips colorful	A toddler with colorful hairclips yawns at the window.
white a topless a is of in front man skateboard on a building. airborne	a topless man is airborne on a skateboard in front of a white building.
dust dirt track. car gravel A kicks race and a on up	A race car kicks up dirt and dust on a gravel track.
children at tables. Six sitting African two	Six African children sitting at two tables.
and are their ready race are The wearing all dogs muzzles. to	The dogs are ready to race and are all wearing their muzzles.
man surface of climbs rock. young the a A bottom	A young man climbs the bottom surface of a rock.
the down walking pony man is carriage street. the and The shirtless Shetland	The shirtless man is walking the Shetland pony and carriage down the street.
on a track. race group A greyhounds of	A group of greyhounds race on a track.
its its blacktop, on is dog legs with the outside air. a back, on large laying A in	A large dog is laying on its back, outside on a blacktop, with its legs in the air.
a A taking on a rock a jump bike. dirt person off	A person taking a jump off a rock on a dirt bike.
boy on a ripstik rides the his street.	a boy rides his ripstik on the street.
a is boy a A tunnel. long red playing coat wearing young in	A young boy wearing a red coat is playing in a long tunnel.
dog brown A the in wades water.	A brown dog wades in the water.
a in field. dog A	A dog in a field.
man jacket in The waiting. the black is	The man in the black jacket is waiting.
referees. the Football gather around players	Football players gather around the referees.
a in t-ball. swing a takes shirt at pink girl little A a	A little girl in a pink shirt takes a swing at a t-ball.
group of A walk a through carnival. people	A group of people walk through a carnival.
sand. people the Three in a ball kicking	Three people kicking a ball in the sand.
bound a over hill. dogs Two flower-covered	Two dogs bound over a flower-covered hill.
tennis tennis a A hits racquet. boy with his ball	A boy hits a tennis ball with his tennis racquet.
girl club. coat with a toy wearing young pink a yellow golf A plays	A young girl wearing a pink coat plays with a yellow toy golf club.
bridesmaids wearing by dresses. receives wedding help her her dress Bride red wearing	Bride wearing her wedding dress receives help by her bridesmaids wearing red dresses.
on in guitar a fancy man A plays a clothing stage.	A man in fancy clothing plays a guitar on a stage.
of in is front A tricks a bike man warehouse. on young his pulling	A young man is pulling tricks on his bike in front of a warehouse.
pet in kangaroo field. Two a grassy a small girls	Two girls pet a small kangaroo in a grassy field.
mouth. white a with red The is and dog running pail its in black	The black and white dog is running with a red pail in its mouth.
digital take Two a sphere. mirrored a of photo women	Two women take a digital photo of a mirrored sphere.
field. run a A of on kids play bunch school	A bunch of kids run on a school play field.
A over jump. dog a jumps	A dog jumps over a jump.
Two people wrestling. sumo are	Two people are sumo wrestling.
are standing Several snowy, the the a in sky. with of rocky hill on top people moon	Several people are standing on top of a snowy, rocky hill with the moon in the sky.
the in of people street night. crowd A at	A crowd of people in the street at night.
kid in playing young the goalie a hockey A rink.	A young kid playing the goalie in a hockey rink.
there. dog a stick water with stands through the A another dog runs while	A dog runs through the water with a stick while another dog stands there.
cardboard with up red a near wall sign man A graffiti. holds a	A man holds up a cardboard sign near a wall with red graffiti.
swing out of jumping child A some bushes. a near	A child jumping out of a swing near some bushes.
another busy girl next young unicycle A a a riding street. on to a rides scooter	A young girl rides a unicycle next to another riding a scooter on a busy street.
a midair bike his bicyclist with in jumping	a bicyclist jumping with his bike in midair
rides rides child who a girl a a A scooter. with unicycle	A girl rides a unicycle with a child who rides a scooter.
each people Several a bar. inside other hugging are	Several people are hugging each other inside a bar.
in the by with on and Two men boy top-hats a street tuxedos backpack as stand passes	Two men in tuxedos and top-hats stand on the street as a boy with backpack passes by
motorcycle. sport speeding A on along motorcyclist Kawasaki a green a road	A motorcyclist speeding along a road on a green Kawasaki sport motorcycle.
is a in air. the performing A skateboarder trick	A skateboarder is performing a trick in the air.
small a on brown jumping A black and large dog. is orange dog	A small black and brown dog is jumping on a large orange dog.
dressed with chef. a as a like man dressed girls Two along dance waitresses	Two girls dressed like waitresses dance along with a man dressed as a chef.
Two twin sticks with boys pre-teen dueling	Two twin pre-teen boys dueling with sticks
is of find out to snow The her pokes everywhere. hiker that tent	The hiker pokes out of her tent to find that snow is everywhere.
furniture. dog bites playfully yellow black dog the near the The	The black dog playfully bites the yellow dog near the furniture.
beer shirt and two a red in hold A women man	A man in a red shirt and two women hold beer
dog carrying in a stick its wet A mouth.	A wet dog carrying a stick in its mouth.
is A blue plants. reson canoe of in a in some front	A reson is in a blue canoe in front of some plants.
high Two through dogs running grass.	Two dogs running through high grass.
elderly the on The waits sidewalk. lady	The elderly lady waits on the sidewalk.
oxen mud. lake running the covered behind in leave them man Two through	Two oxen running through the lake leave man behind them covered in mud.
has in straps its dog The back. red	The dog has red straps in its back.
the fence. snow, in poodle link white a running A near is chain	A white poodle is running in the snow, near a chain link fence.
on top from of stands emerging scuba water. A the after diver rocks	A scuba diver stands on top of rocks after emerging from the water.
skateboarder is the next riding The the ramp painting. to big very	The skateboarder is riding the ramp next to the very big painting.
is tricycle. a child small on The standing	The small child is standing on a tricycle.
geese. dog black A chasing	A black dog chasing geese.
in is blue pattern white leaves. pile sweater A a jumping of girl into a a with	A girl in a blue sweater with a white pattern is jumping into a pile of leaves.
boy dirt through a house teenage the near runs in A the country.	A teenage boy runs through the dirt near a house in the country.
running to dog is brown The something. white and catch	The brown and white dog is running to catch something.
man two in a at chair. bark a dogs	two dogs bark at a man in a chair.
is wooden a to An next older man trays. of display standing	An older man is standing next to a display of wooden trays.
the Men in park.	Men in the park.
of children group a in young the against wall. row sitting a	a young group of children sitting in a row against the wall.
a in A of Boston running white is lush front Terrier grass fence. green on	A Boston Terrier is running on lush green grass in front of a white fence.
with pool, in two a wearing wings. only children jumping swimming Four water	Four children jumping in a swimming pool, with only two wearing water wings.
sled. on down boy A a covered snow his is slope flying	A boy is flying down a snow covered slope on his sled.
doing A man on a trick wakeboard a	A man doing a trick on a wakeboard
brown man Styrofoam drinking in and from cap jacket A a cup. is beige a	A man in a brown jacket and beige cap is drinking from a Styrofoam cup.
baby mouth. An wearing hods its adult food has bib, a around the a baby	An adult hods a baby wearing a bib, the baby has food around its mouth.
track. down car The the skidded grey	The grey car skidded down the track.
wearing shallow A multi-colored water. on her red bikini laying in girl and back is a	A girl wearing a red and multi-colored bikini is laying on her back in shallow water.
the in hiking mountains. People backpacks with	People with backpacks hiking in the mountains.
The an man and holding is a basketball. orange uniform wearing	The man is wearing an orange uniform and holding a basketball.
man jumping while off is into of watch. water rock three others a a A pool	A man is jumping off a rock into a pool of water while three others watch.
air from the A stick a to man. in retrieve dog a jumping	A dog jumping in the air to retrieve a stick from a man.
while outside. little girl A is smiling, running	A little girl is smiling, while running outside.
couple a their buffet. at dip Asian plates An	An Asian couple dip their plates at a buffet.
a dog dog. runs white A a brown with black field and in	A brown dog runs in a field with a black and white dog.
a a woman book. older An wearing reads hat	An older woman wearing a hat reads a book.
of running a dogs Two tall trees. near line	Two dogs running near a line of tall trees.
a and Two parlor. at tattoo looking in a woman men pictures	Two men and a woman looking at pictures in a tattoo parlor.
camera. pink the in striped a for girl shirt poses A	A girl in a pink striped shirt poses for the camera.
over dog hurdle. A a leaping	A dog leaping over a hurdle.
A eyes puppy light a tri-colored with together. smaller playing and are big blue	A big tri-colored and a smaller puppy with light blue eyes are playing together.
A him. in arms a with around baby bib green	A baby in a green bib with arms around him.
Two a trampoline. little are on girls playing	Two little girls are playing on a trampoline.
sport looking People with playing a on. referee a	People playing a sport with a referee looking on.
white a swinging shirt man in A stick a	A man in a white shirt swinging a stick
hockey play on men green Three turf. astro young	Three young men play hockey on green astro turf.
A in boy of trick does city. European a the courtyard a skateboard	A boy does a skateboard trick in the courtyard of a European city.
standing a white on it. tennis beside with ball and brown a dog A beach is	A brown and white dog is standing on a beach with a tennis ball beside it.
Muzzled pack. greyhound in dogs a running	Muzzled greyhound dogs running in a pack.
in stunts a person red while person and on yellow watches. hat in bike shoes red a a A doing	A person in a red hat and shoes doing stunts on a red bike while a person in yellow watches.
a while sits lap his truck man on A child a drives steers. and	A man drives a truck while a child sits on his lap and steers.
large dog a runs dog. with through A a field smaller	A large dog runs through a field with a smaller dog.
in woman ball yellow has a A blue mitt. in her	A woman in blue has a yellow ball in her mitt.
a holding the A walking blue on up shirt street fingers. is wearing two child	A child wearing a blue shirt is walking on the street holding up two fingers.
street. a runs dog the across	a dog runs across the street.
rider bike ready start getting down to Dirt the slope.	Dirt bike rider getting ready to start down the slope.
playing the snow. and orange a Child in in jacket helmet	Child in orange jacket and a helmet playing in the snow.
a a eats boy A bar. wearing coat chocolate red young	A young boy wearing a red coat eats a chocolate bar.
boy a off water the of dock. The jumps into	The boy jumps into the water off of a dock.
busy something with bike helmet a man his setting. orange a A on riding in	A man with something orange on his helmet riding a bike in a busy setting.
A a against leaning looking boy seat on booth under table. the somebody	A boy leaning against somebody on a booth seat looking under the table.
Three diving are on boat. deck people the of a equipment organizing	Three people are organizing diving equipment on the deck of a boat.
glasses, man a black wearing and shirt a A blue smile a with jacket	A man wearing glasses, a blue shirt with a black jacket and a smile
a little Thie with picture girl camera. taking a is	Thie little girl is taking a picture with a camera.
dogs snow. the through Three running	Three dogs running through the snow.
is laughing a blonde guy of her. in at girl front A	A blonde girl is laughing at a guy in front of her.
Police gather.	Police gather.
musicians a recording Three studio. in	Three musicians in a recording studio.
at a and Two holding dress the girls ground looking	Two girls holding a dress and looking at the ground
with a wine is A glass woman tag a pouring red in	A woman with a tag is pouring red wine in a glass
in grocery are boys lot. carts a Several in teenage parking sitting	Several teenage boys are sitting in grocery carts in a parking lot.
back A bend does girl field. a in a	A girl does a back bend in a field.
in round a rocking swing. children are Five	Five children are rocking in a round swing.
play on four soccer pavement. the players	four soccer players play on the pavement.
the women to Two camera. backs with	Two women with backs to the camera.
Man at near fence and with rail white with standing bridge. top red a undershirt pants blue	Man with white undershirt and blue pants standing at fence with red top rail near a bridge.
girl flags. A rainbow beach a with on	A girl on a beach with rainbow flags.
outside the man a A building. ground on lies	A man lies on the ground outside a building.
at is young the child table. wearing yellow lady feeding small a A	A young lady wearing yellow is feeding a small child at the table.
forward. A hind ears and black legs his with approaches the raised camera his dog	A black dog approaches the camera with his hind legs raised and his ears forward.
walking around snow dog the tan a in	a tan dog walking around in the snow
girl A the swims in blue-green waters.	A girl swims in the blue-green waters.
climb boys tree. a with Two wings water	Two boys with water wings climb a tree.
dog. small get man A to away a a tries from toy	A man tries to get a toy away from a small dog.
with playing one Two are stick, a field with , one blue a gold hockey, males stick	Two males are playing field hockey, one with a blue stick, one with a gold stick ,
compete. basketball teams Two	Two basketball teams compete.
a paw with it. about on A ball with fangs to is revealed prints bite dog	A dog with fangs revealed is about to bite a ball with paw prints on it.
a river. in Four people kayaking are	Four people are kayaking in a river.
player A girl girl player is yellow. blue basketball another wearing wearing blocking	A girl basketball player wearing blue is blocking another girl player wearing yellow.
nap mother as on him carries back. his A takes a boy her	A boy takes a nap as his mother carries him on her back.
in cellphones. and talking black A woman woman in are on white by standing each other	A woman in white and woman in black are standing by each other talking on cellphones.
does wood man the a a and tie in shirt A on splits floor	A man in a shirt and tie does the splits on a wood floor
baby a small at woman a beach skateboard holds the a on	a woman holds a small baby on a skateboard at the beach
A life man waterski wearing a beginning red jacket. to	A man beginning to waterski wearing a red life jacket.
people around. other is with a to back standing A lamp post Eastern near his against who man Middle are waiting	A Middle Eastern man is standing with his back against a lamp post near to other people who are waiting around.
step men together. off the bus Two	Two men step off the bus together.
is A on reading a subway business man	A business man is reading on a subway
horse in of mountain rider range a a A front on	A rider on a horse in front of a mountain range
the high in A mountains. white water standing dog of a in pool	A white dog standing in a pool of water high in the mountains.
tent. bottom At the a two a there men set of of are stairs, and	At the bottom of a set of stairs, there are two men and a tent.
to fire People are guns. ready down in getting camo dressed bent their	People dressed in camo are bent down getting ready to fire their guns.
cross young rope a boy girl and bridge	young girl and boy cross a rope bridge
A as walking. city people are street busy	A busy city street as people are walking.
their at tied laughing with down. looking girls Two while waists red shirts are	Two girls with red shirts tied at their waists are laughing while looking down.
is swimming dog pool. an above ground in A	A dog is swimming in an above ground pool.
Two women tricycles. riding	Two women riding tricycles.
standing Italian crowd in of buildings. people style of front A are	A crowd of people are standing in front of Italian style buildings.
small in metal a a bathrobe is A chair. sitting in boy	A small boy in a bathrobe is sitting in a metal chair.
the down in rides woman street bike A her fall. the	A woman rides her bike down the street in the fall.
on scenery. rocks Three looking sitting guys at the	Three guys sitting on rocks looking at the scenery.
a children. wearing shirt and sunglasses to sleeveless man A next two standing	A man wearing a sleeveless shirt and sunglasses standing next to two children.
pants down shirt black in blue a a walks A and woman road.	A woman in a blue shirt and black pants walks down a road.
the middle wearing in crowd a of stands white A gloves. lady	A lady stands in the middle of a crowd wearing white gloves.
his to A football coach. is talking player	A football player is talking to his coach.
guy wakeboarding handed smiling and one	guy wakeboarding one handed and smiling
in uniform a boy A ball blue an area. grassy kicks in all a blue soccer	A boy in an all blue uniform kicks a blue soccer ball in a grassy area.
jump swings. off females of Two	Two females jump off of swings.
dog sized in medium A forest a sniffing	A medium sized dog sniffing in a forest
man wall. a against holding sit a flute a a boy street A on red and	A man holding a flute and a boy sit on a street against a red wall.
in a sitting is chair. The baby high	The baby is sitting in a high chair.
a A as using ramp. is refrigerator a skier	A skier is using a refrigerator as a ramp.
that German-shepherd through A has snow covered runs deep dog grass.	A German-shepherd dog runs through deep snow that has covered grass.
men break a construction. take Two from	Two men take a break from construction.
of people A a mostly outdoors, are group child seated. plays who near	A child plays outdoors, near a group of people who are mostly seated.
kicks at woman man. a A	A woman kicks at a man.
the is on The snow. skier	The skier is on the snow.
tennis player white ball. A ready in the gets hit to	A tennis player in white gets ready to hit the ball.
time first in game. just this in hte catch The get runner the baseman makes to out softball	The first baseman makes hte catch just in time to get the runner out in this softball game.
This yellow, girl playing object on which an and red, blue. is is green,	This girl is playing on an object which is yellow, green, red, and blue.
a man cliff. wearing on crouches rocky A blue shirt a	A man wearing a blue shirt crouches on a rocky cliff.
of midair another person in picture in flip is a taking doing a person the grass. A	A person is taking a picture of another person doing a flip in midair in the grass.
of sizes. Three various dogs	Three dogs of various sizes.
A a ride sled a up. and woman girl standing a hill down	A woman and a girl ride a sled down a hill standing up.
his raising A arm. Baseball batter	A Baseball batter raising his arm.
trick doing skateboarder a on a ramp a	a skateboarder doing a trick on a ramp
A tantrum. a in girl dress purple a young throws	A young girl in a purple dress throws a tantrum.
in near holding robust glasses his shirt white man open a drink a mouth with A and other people.	A robust man with his mouth open in a white shirt and glasses holding a drink near other people.
sitting on marking an table, man eating lunch, a A at paper. outside	A man sitting at an outside table, eating lunch, marking on a paper.
black of brown dog in the running in dog grass. A white front and a	A black and white dog running in front of a brown dog in the grass.
on A man shirtless a ledge. skateboards	A shirtless man skateboards on a ledge.
calmer is A some kayaking Mani rapids. down	A Mani is kayaking down some calmer rapids.
in-synch red leaping building. white men and are of in Two shirts pants dark wearing front a	Two men wearing dark pants and red shirts are leaping in-synch in front of a white building.
glasses a A with bearded does man toe-touch.	A bearded man with glasses does a toe-touch.
golden as the off water. dries he retriever licks his from A nose	A golden retriever licks his nose as he dries off from the water.
a woman dress instrument plaid an while wearing tree. standing a A plays near	A woman wearing a plaid dress plays an instrument while standing near a tree.
black a dogs with ball. Two playing white and	Two black and white dogs playing with a ball.
a hat in carrying in cloth a smiling field. A a striped girl	A smiling girl in a hat carrying a striped cloth in a field.
a walks field. grassy nose ground, in dog, the A to	A dog, nose to the ground, walks in a grassy field.
in stands the gesture pumpkins. as jersey young of A large in a he football boy red a makes midst	A young boy in a red football jersey makes a large gesture as he stands in the midst of pumpkins.
trees. front palm in stand uniforms children in Four of	Four children in uniforms stand in front of palm trees.
decorated a colorfully a is on bike. a girl girl of guy picture A taking pink and	A girl is taking a picture of a girl and guy on a colorfully decorated pink bike.
an Child object fire. holding that on is	Child holding an object that is on fire.
A dog two and people.	A dog and two people.
some and Group outside buildings. gathered stone adults of children	Group of children and some adults gathered outside stone buildings.
water splashing into dog the field wet A a air is through it as runs grass. of	A dog is splashing water into the air as it runs through a wet field of grass.
lady. his man on bench a A a sits around arm with	A man sits on a bench with his arm around a lady.
bread man at camera. looking with his A a	A man with a bread looking at his camera.
driving car a mountain. A is towards green	A car is driving towards a green mountain.
edge kids Three bright into pants. wearing the lean water	Three kids lean into the water edge wearing bright pants.
rocky cliff, the grey man A on a overlooking in mountains.	A man in grey on a rocky cliff, overlooking the mountains.
playing are Five baseball. little boys	Five little boys are playing baseball.
Little with girl cap, smelling knit flowers.	Little girl with knit cap, smelling flowers.
in dogs. attentive surrounded A by gray woman field three stands a	A woman stands in a field surrounded by three attentive gray dogs.
race A car puddle. white through drives a	A white race car drives through a puddle.
dogs are running a towards other beach. each on Two	Two dogs are running towards each other on a beach.
puppies Two white hands. held being by newborn	Two white newborn puppies being held by hands.
girls a little inflatable play in house. yellow Two	Two little girls play in a yellow inflatable house.
water. stick fetching is The dog a in	The dog is fetching a stick in water.
land. man to gets A ready parachuting	A parachuting man gets ready to land.
baring dog chasing object. an The is teeth his and small	The small dog is baring his teeth and chasing an object.
ball yard. playing tennis with in dogs the Two a	Two dogs playing with a tennis ball in the yard.
throughwindow stare African kids	African kids stare throughwindow
beach on glider Hang	Hang glider on beach
Five pose men steps. awkwardly on	Five men pose awkwardly on steps.
car front. A past and a on the woman a with are man symbol fancy a walking	A man and a woman are walking past a car with a fancy symbol on the front.
red a past is pants and black flag. wearing skier slalom A shirt red skiing	A slalom skier wearing red pants and black shirt is skiing past a red flag.
tennis in A game. of middle the player a	A tennis player in the middle of a game.
the surfboard. on A waves is a child in wetsuit black in a	A child in a black wetsuit is in the waves on a surfboard.
snow. of a snowboarding through a pile person silhouette of A	A silhouette of a person snowboarding through a pile of snow.
A mask wears yellow with shirt. man and his golden a hair a spiked	A man wears a golden mask with his hair spiked and a yellow shirt.
Small urban in by costume, background. person boy hugged blurry bee	Small boy hugged by person in bee costume, blurry urban background.
is tree woods. in over the fallen dog A leaping a brown	A brown dog is leaping over a fallen tree in the woods.
a is A swan. by girl jumping red-haired	A red-haired girl is jumping by a swan.
on is shorts outside. and a blue blue shirt a checkered swinging rope wearing little girl swing A	A little girl wearing a blue shirt and blue checkered shorts is swinging on a rope swing outside.
big water. dog shallow A tan wet in	A big tan wet dog in shallow water.
are construction a side of the Two up building. on workers sitting	Two construction workers are sitting up on the side of a building.
Dog running green though a in cover. snow the	Dog running though the snow in a green cover.
in a and A muzzle with grass the sunlight. dog	A dog with a muzzle in the grass and sunlight.
a shirt a A man necklace. flower plastic with no parade is in wearing standing	A man with no shirt is standing in a parade wearing a plastic flower necklace.
A next woman the standing a to man each by other in snow lake. and	A man and woman standing next to each other in the snow by a lake.
mountains. front and on a snowy some The standing has in man of shirt blue is	The man has a blue shirt on and is standing in front of some snowy mountains.
rail. A down grinds skateboarder a long	A skateboarder grinds down a long rail.
steep, snow-covered hill. are a Three kids walking down	Three kids are walking down a steep, snow-covered hill.
young boy A gym, a wearing in uniform. basketball playing a	A young boy playing basketball in a gym, wearing a uniform.
wearing blue jacket man camera. looks the a at A	A man wearing a blue jacket looks at the camera.
baseball game, background. a in Two the more professional during players one	Two professional baseball players during a game, one more in the background.
two over dogs pink toy a and red fighting	two dogs fighting over a pink and red toy
hangs that water. over is a tree A playing a girl from on homemade swing	A girl is playing on a homemade swing that hangs from a tree over water.
catching with in one air wearing the a sunglasses A to looks see an man on up ground Frisbee. the dog kneels knee orange	A man wearing sunglasses kneels with one knee on the ground looks up to see a dog in the air catching an orange Frisbee.
up a and are woman day. child holding walking a hill fair A grassy on hands	A woman and child are holding hands walking up a grassy hill on a fair day.
group two with of skis dogs. A on people	A group of people on skis with two dogs.
red while on A black a resting woman in haired for posing tree. a man is	A red haired woman in black is posing for a man while resting on a tree.
with scary complete A vampires makeup. dressed two woman and man like	A man and two woman dressed like vampires complete with scary makeup.
down drink man A coming is a an escalator. holding	A man holding a drink is coming down an escalator.
little a a go with boy. man old drives cart An	An old man drives a go cart with a little boy.
where are gathered. ride a People others bikes and black carry along flags road	People ride bikes and carry black flags along a road where others are gathered.
fluffy head white of one. people Group on each A white with bands two wearing balls	A Group of people wearing white head bands with two white fluffy balls on each one.
girl outside bushes. near The young rollerblading green is	The young girl is rollerblading outside near green bushes.
crab line a four all are position. outside in in children a	four children are outside in a line all in a crab position.
toy. kids playing water on an in are young Two the inflated	Two young kids are playing in the water on an inflated toy.
two her a baby around children woman with a holding	a woman holding a baby with two children around her
stands a snowy backpack area. a A carrying on man	A man carrying a backpack stands on a snowy area.
bungee the crowd cords behind to as hooked watches. girl her is A	A girl is hooked to bungee cords as the crowd behind her watches.
man mountain A icy mountain. up an climbing	A man mountain climbing up an icy mountain.
woman child. a A holding small	A woman holding a small child.
on down a someone over cliff water. Looking climbing	Looking down on someone climbing a cliff over water.
gym. boy on swings jungle A a	A boy swings on a jungle gym.
in holds black a lady red her baby clothing sling. A in	A lady in black clothing holds her baby in a red sling.
runs camera. dog toward the A white	A white dog runs toward the camera.
pink a walks boa sidewalk. woman with down a A	A woman with a pink boa walks down a sidewalk.
There on is the kissing beach. a couple	There is a couple kissing on the beach.
a special into get of group people order.	a group of people get into special order.
showing The is glasses man wooden a product. wearing	The man wearing glasses is showing a wooden product.
out pulling blue flames. fireman a a next A car engulfed to in firehose	A fireman pulling out a firehose next to a blue car engulfed in flames.
transportation. asleep public has who fallen A man on	A man who has fallen asleep on public transportation.
middle in man black down looking is direction. our straight A sitting aged	A middle aged black man is sitting down looking straight in our direction.
shallow his brown mouth and trots with A white dog water across open.	A brown and white dog trots across shallow water with his mouth open.
the a mountains beautiful is sunset in playing water background. little the and with boy in A	A little boy is playing in the water with a beautiful sunset and mountains in the background.
blue to and catch A Frisbee. young leaps stretches a child	A young child leaps and stretches to catch a blue Frisbee.
tennis another his a with is one white while running ball in along dog jogs mouth dog	one white dog is running with a tennis ball in his mouth while another dog jogs along
with woman is dancing blond outside. The man a	The blond man is dancing with a woman outside.
street people the headbands fluffy down pink walking wearing several	several people walking down the street wearing pink fluffy headbands
skateboarder a ollies.	a skateboarder ollies.
a each and stand near dog dog near the little A big other water.	A big dog and a little dog stand near each other near the water.
tennis with dog snow the a A sits in ball.	A dog sits in the snow with a tennis ball.
a hill A dog running sandy up	A dog running up a sandy hill
pink Girl range. the in shirt firing at target fires at a	Girl in pink shirt fires at the target at a firing range.
A with swing hedge playing is a near set, a in background. child the	A child is playing near a swing set, with a hedge in the background.
sitting A white dog on carpet. small is	A small dog is sitting on white carpet.
white grass. black dog running the A in and is	A black and white dog is running in the grass.
Batman. late man dressed like 80's movie A	A man dressed like late 80's movie Batman.
Two climbing hikers snowy a hill.	Two hikers climbing a snowy hill.
wearing girl and jacket to blue is Bohemian something her A trying purse. of get hat black out a walking	A girl wearing a Bohemian hat and black jacket is walking trying to get something out of her blue purse.
his something carrying is in dog mouth. A	A dog is carrying something in his mouth.
into A down. jumps the water upside boys	A boys jumps into the water upside down.
sitting Venice gondoliers Two in	Two gondoliers sitting in Venice
a in from emerging a water. girl the young suit swimming	a young girl in a swimming suit emerging from the water.
A of and a picture man woman. close-up a	A close-up picture of a man and a woman.
the is someone A broken young boy with foot a hospital. into pushing	A young boy is pushing someone with a broken foot into the hospital.
a is to in waiting A green woman the jacket street cross light. at a	A woman in a green jacket is waiting to cross the street at a light.
in stone young background. the bear on playing a children Four with people	Four young children playing on a stone bear with people in the background.
deck, from taking a a A sits break on man fishing.	A man sits on a deck, taking a break from fishing.
woman edge. cliff's A a nears	A woman nears a cliff's edge.
flies through the skier air. A	A skier flies through the air.
the Four cavorting are river's edge rocks a at people on	Four people are cavorting on the rocks at a river's edge
girl A a is in snow tunnel.	A girl is in a snow tunnel.
on football and other same playing watch. field coaches uniforms players and men the while young an team orange white are outside Two wearing and on	Two young men on the same football team are wearing orange and white uniforms and playing on an outside field while coaches and other players watch.
baby next a on big to dog A bed cover. lays palid brown a	A baby lays next to a big brown dog on a palid bed cover.
in in the red boy puddle. the young jumpos	the young boy in red jumpos in the puddle.
Man midair skateboard on in	Man in midair on skateboard
white a catches board a A wave. surfer on	A surfer on a white board catches a wave.
marked Racing and banners on PENSKE in background. TEAM spectators track, car	Racing car marked TEAM PENSKE on track, banners and spectators in background.
trick. a performs skateboarder A	A skateboarder performs a trick.
brown field. through running a grassy dog is a	a brown dog is running through a grassy field.
dock. few at boat their A a park people	A few people park their boat at a dock.
looking its at dog cocked a head ball. side to in the A with water	A dog in water with its head cocked to the side looking at a ball.
a woman A is tennis ball. hitting	A woman is hitting a tennis ball.
t-shirt dog a wearing A is lying down.	A dog wearing a t-shirt is lying down.
on out running wearing black his a collar. A the tongue dog beach with a red white with pink sticking dog	A black dog with his pink tongue sticking out running on the beach with a white dog wearing a red collar.
skis he off skier a as snow up throwing piste. is	a skier is throwing up snow as he skis off piste.
of pushing wooden the in a along large audience. wheel are men an front ground Six	Six men are pushing a large wooden wheel along the ground in front of an audience.
with A a a bat, watch outside, others background him. in ball, hits while the boy	A boy hits a ball, with a bat, outside, while others in the background watch him.
over waves ocean a A jumps child at beach.	A child jumps over ocean waves at a beach.
with in a Frisbee white fence. for a a black backyard jumps A dog	A black dog jumps for a Frisbee in a backyard with a white fence.
boy A underwater. bubble blowing is	A boy is blowing bubble underwater.
The person for a on picture a overlooking cliff a poses valley.	The person poses for a picture on a cliff overlooking a valley.
a black and and a them. floral man walking are woman walks shirt A man purse with behind while with shirt another a	A woman with a floral shirt and purse and a man with a black shirt are walking while another man walks behind them.
woman and young another with black hold hair purple up hugs. dressed A free in offering signs	A young woman dressed in black and another with purple hair hold up signs offering free hugs.
in a steps grassy A area. child outdoors small climbs	A small child climbs steps outdoors in a grassy area.
dog toy through carrying a The the grass. is	The dog is carrying a toy through the grass.
little and girl The running laughing. is	The little girl is running and laughing.
other on looking people walking pavement people Many with brick building a together on. near	Many people walking together on pavement near a brick building with other people looking on.
German the running The is through snow. dog shepherd	The German shepherd dog is running through the snow.
a women suits walk by dress in Three building.	Three women in dress suits walk by a building.
standing boy railing A on	A boy standing on railing
wave. over surfing a man a wetsuit and up A is in	A man in a wetsuit is surfing up and over a wave.
street. in a standing toward a crosswalk a walks city policeman man A on	A man walks toward a policeman standing in a crosswalk on a city street.
a from against tree a man drinking A young cup. stands	A young man stands against a tree drinking from a cup.
store. couple shops at antique an A	A couple shops at an antique store.
EASTPAK, others up high reads on that at a Person sign bicycle the over him. jumping the look air in	Person on a bicycle jumping high in the air over the sign that reads EASTPAK, others look up at him.
to water. body near a dry of blue A next itself to a dog Frisbee shaking	A dog shaking itself dry next to a blue Frisbee near to a body of water.
table, legs sitting two feet cigarettes and a on it. of people on and The wooden cameras	The legs and feet of people sitting on a wooden table, two cameras and cigarettes on it.
man mountain. is skiing A down a	A man is skiing down a mountain.
surroundings. consumed by A his man	A man consumed by his surroundings.
A bike rides park. over blue man air the his a high in	A man rides his blue bike high in the air over a park.
the awnings. building two march with a a crossing to protest near of streets intersection red is	a protest march is crossing the intersection of two streets near to a building with red awnings.
pool kiddie in Girl splashing	Girl splashing in kiddie pool
two stuffed animals. girls toy are several carrying the	the two girls are carrying several stuffed toy animals.
throwing A child toy. orange an	A child throwing an orange toy.
the rails. skateboarder rides A	A skateboarder rides the rails.
wears and man A black is black skateboard. on helmet a a	A man wears a black helmet and is on a black skateboard.
near back a formation in a A with camera. to jeans the man rock his and shirt is white standing	A man in jeans and a white shirt is standing near a rock formation with his back to the camera.
mid-jump dog number racing the is in with The	The dog with the racing number is in mid-jump
steps dog small onto a log. a	a small dog steps onto a log.
around Two women each other with smile. their arms	Two women with their arms around each other smile.
on a beach. A woman the skateboard a baby on placing	A woman placing a baby on a skateboard on the beach.
pool. into is child A diving a	A child is diving into a pool.
a short-haired yard. The is running dog across grassy	The short-haired dog is running across a grassy yard.
attempting over pile to jump skis on a Man snow	Man on skis attempting to jump over a snow pile
after dogs ball. two one brown a dirt jumping tennis white through and the dog	two white dogs and one brown dog jumping through the dirt after a tennis ball.
man a wearing another the of tattooed inspects A arm hat man.	A man wearing a hat inspects the tattooed arm of another man.
girls up and styled. their white in dressed are The hair silver and is	The girls are dressed up in silver and white and their hair is styled.
young, one two old, women, on Three urban asian an sidewalk.	Three asian women, two young, one old, on an urban sidewalk.
dog A harnesses. dog white by attached brown a and	A white dog and a brown dog attached by harnesses.
little at two a fun roller kids having coaster	two little kids having fun at a roller coaster
dog medium some jumping over is wall a surrounding brown brick A short dirt.	A medium brown dog is jumping over a short brick wall surrounding some dirt.
grassy the along young walk hill. Three sheep	Three young sheep walk along the grassy hill.
A is suburbs. the in kid skateboarding	A kid is skateboarding in the suburbs.
by People of street large the buildings. surrounded city middle in	People in the middle of city street surrounded by large buildings.
the boy a jumps into pool.	a boy jumps into the pool.
person standing and identical bicycles. a near A is white of row red	A person is standing near a row of identical red and white bicycles.
with play snow. the a and dogs a disc in Two human	Two dogs play with a human and a disc in the snow.
with man his bench The sits a a park. in dog on	The man sits with his dog on a bench in a park.
legs its stands ad horse watches. up kicking The the at man is hind another cowboy whist	The horse is kicking up its hind legs at the cowboy whist another man stands ad watches.
on white group outside. dog gather around the of children a A grass	A group of children gather around a white dog on the grass outside.
chewing are on two wooden a patio. a cushion white golden dogs	two golden dogs are chewing a white cushion on a wooden patio.
people stand an the establishment. around few of counter A	A few people stand around the counter of an establishment.
over hurdle. a dog A jumps	A dog jumps over a hurdle.
are performing on trampoline. tricks a girls Two	Two girls are performing tricks on a trampoline.
man terrain. A lay woman and on barefoot down a rocky	A woman and a barefoot man lay down on rocky terrain.
as boy grins wristband a red little he wearing something. holds A	A little boy wearing a red wristband grins as he holds something.
a People on subway.	People on a subway.
white building. on the Two women of a steps smoking	Two women smoking on the steps of a white building.
swimsuit. blue Juggler on in beach	Juggler on beach in blue swimsuit.
blacktop barefoot lot. runs child parking A a across	A child runs barefoot across a blacktop parking lot.
through house. Two the the hallways race sisters in	Two sisters race through the hallways in the house.
and next Two four women to a painted truck. brightly children standing	Two women and four children standing next to a brightly painted truck.
on walking schoolgirls are street. together the Uniformed	Uniformed schoolgirls are walking together on the street.
beach trunks jumping Boy in swim on	Boy in swim trunks jumping on beach
boy A baseball. plays	A boy plays baseball.
air. through A flies snowboarder the	A snowboarder flies through the air.
towards running Two long dogs in scrubland. the some grass are	Two dogs are running towards some long grass in the scrubland.
grass. dog A brown runs brown on	A brown dog runs on brown grass.
bikes hill. Several their up are bicyclers carrying a grassy	Several bicyclers are carrying their bikes up a grassy hill.
young clothes. Two girls goth wearing	Two young girls wearing goth clothes.
shot a A grassy in backyard, jumping red dog, midair, on from behind.	A red dog, jumping in midair, on a grassy backyard, shot from behind.
A tethered man a back mountain to a while rope. climbing leans	A man leans back while climbing a mountain tethered to a rope.
young a A man, his and are street. midriff, gathered city bearing people other in	A young man, bearing his midriff, and other people are gathered in a city street.
other. dogs Two groom each	Two dogs groom each other.
towards kid running A the camera. little	A little kid running towards the camera.
people Three posing a for camera	Three people posing for a camera
a picture girl hair smiling the portrait camera. a directly at brown with of	a portrait picture of a girl with brown hair smiling directly at the camera.
girl Hummer. of a camouflage A on wearing top pants sits	A girl wearing camouflage pants sits on top of a Hummer.
man is a bench. sitting on elderly An	An elderly man is sitting on a bench.
jumping is fence. A a over deer	A deer is jumping over a fence.
air person the a wakeboard in on	person on a wakeboard in the air
an climbing ice Climber wall	Climber climbing an ice wall
dog A on sits brown the beach.	A brown dog sits on the beach.
people in a men and walking them some restaurant two are There by	There are some people in a restaurant and two men walking by them
merry-go-round girl as ride. other spinning playground kids Little	Little girl spinning playground merry-go-round as other kids ride.
girl a sitting a desk. with bun at A is	A girl with a bun is sitting at a desk.
Frisbee. boy in near A stands water a	A boy stands in water near a Frisbee.
man a down. in a A while in ball man purple and falling is green soccer white kick	A man in green kick a soccer ball while a man in purple and white is falling down.
dog across covered runs leaf ground. the a	a dog runs across the leaf covered ground.
young clothes winter of dressed a mound girls in play in Two snow.	Two young girls dressed in winter clothes play in a mound of snow.
tennis white dog jumping ball. A to small a catch	A small white dog jumping to catch a tennis ball.
girl stands background little blue. 4x4 dressed in boy sunglasses a red the drives black Jeep little with while in A a	A little girl with black sunglasses drives a 4x4 red Jeep while a little boy stands in the background dressed in blue.
the head dolphin of out pokes water. A its	A dolphin pokes its head out of the water.
of A person a dressed like clown. rear a view	A rear view of a person dressed like a clown.
women courtyard. wear walk in business Three a across	Three women in business wear walk across a courtyard.
a while a man woman black, writes. wearing a into microphone, speaks	a man wearing black, speaks into a microphone, while a woman writes.
catches dog mouth. small ball in tennis a a its	a small dog catches a tennis ball in its mouth.
park a boys Two in fountain. play	Two boys play in a park fountain.
in white trim sitting people a are of and A brick red group of building. front	A group of people are sitting in front of a red brick and white trim building.
small A a with football. person runs	A person runs with a small football.
board is the water. The riding a blue in boy	The boy is riding a blue board in the water.
a a in man boy stand and of a young bench. front	a young boy and a man stand in front of a bench.
tank in A riding a through bike bald top city. man a	A bald man in a tank top riding bike through a city.
smiling girls looking Two camera into and	Two girls looking into camera and smiling
of front skyscraper with man distance a the is There camera. in in walking the a	There is a skyscraper in the distance with a man walking in front of the camera.
brown and and dog white a white puppy A playing.	A white dog and a white and brown puppy playing.
man dog. fetch is a playing A with	A man is playing fetch with a dog.
the red a with wading dog black A collar water. through	A black dog with a red collar wading through the water.
dogs Two brown the in play snow.	Two brown dogs play in the snow.
a while passifier The boy is making the has bubbles girl	The girl has a passifier while the boy is making bubbles
wearing a older outside. bagpipes playing man quilt an the	an older man playing wearing a quilt the bagpipes outside.
with cookies. eating Little girl blue eyes	Little girl with blue eyes eating cookies.
with walks her purse. a big woman	a woman walks with her big purse.
through runs a dusty grass. the dirt boy along path A	A dusty boy runs along a dirt path through the grass.
man orange an racing A motorcycle.	A man racing an orange motorcycle.
A the girl. playing on with round little running is a boy little	A little boy is running on the round playing with a little girl.
pool. an A inflatable water child small by is from being splashed	A small child is being splashed by water from an inflatable pool.
rolls on in dog its grass. back the A	A dog rolls on its back in the grass.
young tube going down girl a slide. A	A young girl going down a tube slide.
a riding person sled A down snowy a slope.	A person riding a sled down a snowy slope.
in a is white wearing man helmet A the water.	A man wearing a white helmet is in the water.
carrying back large on grass. in field walks man a backpack of his a A	A man carrying a backpack on his back walks in a large field of grass.
black a a field toy and grassy A yellow foam a brown with ball soccer dog dog on	A black dog and a brown dog with a yellow foam soccer ball toy on a grassy field
through down look squeezing a Two fence. children	Two children look down squeezing through a fence.
a are in kitchen. little boys standing Two	Two little boys are standing in a kitchen.
vine on over a girl swings water. A	A girl swings on a vine over water.
a wearing A young off of blue sidewalk. cement boy jumps	A young boy wearing blue jumps off of a cement sidewalk.
a making rider motorcycle turn. A	A motorcycle rider making a turn.
a dogs Two background. door on a in rug the with dog and Persian french tussling a bed,	Two dogs tussling on a dog bed, with a french door and a Persian rug in the background.
" Obama women A " an wears t-shirt. young	A young women wears an " Obama " t-shirt.
runs through A young bubbles. boy	A young boy runs through bubbles.
A an autumn lab day. with ball orange runs puppy on black an	A black lab puppy runs with an orange ball on an autumn day.
dog water of himself. shakes A off	A dog shakes water off of himself.
girls Five cheerleading.	Five girls cheerleading.
snowboard person on air in	person on snowboard in air
a crack is face. a the in rock for climber large reaching	a climber is reaching for a large crack in the rock face.
drink from an dog outdoor faucet water a attempting to	a dog attempting to drink from an outdoor water faucet
in from shore. runs A the a coming away wave onto pink girl	A girl in pink runs away from a wave coming onto the shore.
pole. marquee in a person A long a in sweatshirt letters replaces theater a blue using	A person in a blue sweatshirt replaces letters in a theater marquee using a long pole.
rollerblading a bar. on A man metal	A man rollerblading on a metal bar.
A sitting dog brown front a in of is the canoe.	A brown dog is sitting in the front of a canoe.
a over feet man, and airborne tow-rope holding A becomes a board water. to fastened the	A man, feet fastened to a board and holding a tow-rope becomes airborne over the water.
made the a crudely water. is on girl sitting swing A above	A girl is sitting on a crudely made swing above the water.
prom A gather teens in attire. of group in	A group of teens in gather in prom attire.
in front saber holds a of Christmas a A tree. boy light	A boy holds a light saber in front of a Christmas tree.
A brown mouth. dog a its carrying toy in is	A brown dog is carrying a toy in its mouth.
basketball man for outdoor in game. shot drives The the the a lane	The man drives the lane for a shot in the outdoor basketball game.
chewing a leash on the end a down wearing stick. laying white A of and dog	A white dog wearing a leash laying down and chewing on the end of a stick.
during football being a player game. tackled A	A football player being tackled during a game.
boats. with Muscular pictures of taking man lake a	Muscular man taking pictures of a lake with boats.
a men Two table and drink beer. sit small round at	Two men sit at a small round table and drink beer.
through dog colored cream grass. runs green A	A cream colored dog runs through green grass.
on strollers bridge. a with walking People	People with strollers walking on a bridge.
pulls swing a on A back boy it a girl with little	A boy pulls back a swing with a little girl on it
mouth. a its with large dog in runs a stick	a dog runs with a large stick in its mouth.
compete. hockey Two teams	Two hockey teams compete.
holding with a and younger her. A running little little girl is girl	A little girl is holding a younger little girl and running with her.
Two around run a dogs field in playing.	Two dogs run around in a field playing.
at brown dogs other. each barking Two	Two brown dogs barking at each other.
boy swipes bubbles hair Young air. in the with at blonde	Young boy with blonde hair swipes at bubbles in the air.
people the in of and Many sitting street front billboards. standing on	Many people standing and sitting on the street in front of billboards.
for are group a posing A picture. of workers	A group of workers are posing for a picture.
dog. man pets a A a on bench	A man on a bench pets a dog.
through snow. dog A running	A dog running through snow.
at hand. the wedding laugh in for a beverages men dressed Two with camera,	Two men dressed for a wedding laugh at the camera, with beverages in hand.
dog large sand. digging is brown in the A	A large brown dog is digging in the sand.
are walking children Two young open an across field.	Two young children are walking across an open field.
and in festival. haired a through A black gold walking woman dark street	A dark haired woman in black and gold walking through a street festival.
trees. around a People with grassy meandering in area	People meandering around in a grassy area with trees.
in glasses in is A the background. while drinks man sitting wearing vest black a and man a clothing	A man wearing glasses and black clothing is sitting while a man in a vest drinks in the background.
dog A water. black some walks through	A black dog walks through some water.
people around and standing the at right. the with a A on beach cloudy partly building day	A partly cloudy day at the beach with people standing around and a building on the right.
mountain woods. in the A biker rides	A mountain biker rides in the woods.
red a scarf a stream. brown woman A haired near wearing	A brown haired woman wearing a red scarf near a stream.
the jumps and beach A barrior. wood black over dog runs a along	A black dog runs along the beach and jumps over a wood barrior.
child fishing cap a pole. holding wearing is a The	The child wearing a cap is holding a fishing pole.
bending child Small with over beach. blue the at floaties on	Small child with blue floaties on bending over at the beach.
in running a mouth. A dog its with blue toy	A dog running with a blue toy in its mouth.
football and bleachers face paint the jersey The is person in sitting with	The person with the face paint and football jersey is sitting in bleachers
grass. in panes blue on A the dances girl little	A little girl in blue panes dances on the grass.
over object. A large is jumping a bicyclist	A bicyclist is jumping over a large object.
walls pictures are in the dimmly and engaging a conversations. all lights two people in room over bright with lit Four	Four people in a dimmly lit room with pictures all over the walls and two bright lights are engaging in conversations.
dog drinks off a little deck. as big A a gets dog down	A big dog drinks as a little dog gets down off a deck.
brown group among Three of dogs. standing a are women	Three women are standing among a group of brown dogs.
snow. the A catching dog ball in the	A dog catching the ball in the snow.
running area. in terriers Two a grassy	Two terriers running in a grassy area.
who little A outdoors playing is is dirt. tasting boy	A little boy who is playing outdoors is tasting dirt.
white on boy is shirt a and in A red swing. a	A boy in a red and white shirt is on a swing.
Russell Terrier a the Jack stands in bench A snow. on	A Jack Russell Terrier stands on a bench in the snow.
a to in pink about girl little cry A shirt	A little girl in a pink shirt about to cry
in white the grass. Two and dogs black running	Two white and black dogs running in the grass.
white red boots jacket Blond bland a street. and down the wearing woman with walking	Blond woman wearing red boots with a bland and white jacket walking down the street.
men poor neighborhood. Black in	Black men in poor neighborhood.
in playing little smiling girls fountain Two a with people. other	Two smiling little girls playing in a fountain with other people.
DU has says a graffiti. that " and some A " halway sign CASQUE PORT OBLIGATOIRE	A halway has a sign that says " PORT DU CASQUE OBLIGATOIRE " and some graffiti.
ramp. a on cyclist A gets airborne	A cyclist gets airborne on a ramp.
a stands over A puppy puppy. black white	A black puppy stands over a white puppy.
carrying that along says a man hug a the sidewalk. sign free	a man carrying a sign that says free hug along the sidewalk.
sprinkler. in A kid standing a	A kid standing in a sprinkler.
on airborne. a bicycle, A man	A man on a bicycle, airborne.
A into a pool. swimming white jumps dog	A white dog jumps into a swimming pool.
object. A and metal nearby dog turn bench attempting a a is picnic by	A dog is attempting a turn by a nearby picnic bench and metal object.
on a a chain through Skateboarder fence. seen as ramp link	Skateboarder on a ramp as seen through a chain link fence.
girl A curling in is competition. a	A girl is curling in a competition.
board snowboarder A grabs midair. while his	A snowboarder grabs his board while midair.
a at boy bat A young large a swings baseball.	A young boy swings a bat at a large baseball.
two standing watches while crowd horses, a guy on	two guy standing on horses, while a crowd watches
and The woman go a sun man a by. watch setting boat is while	The sun is setting while a man and woman watch a boat go by.
ridden rocks. motocross over is A being bike	A motocross bike is being ridden over rocks.
a game. hockey player A during	A hockey player during a game.
anatomy of a of picture A the hand.	A picture of the anatomy of a hand.
pair camera. A the work with	A pair work with the camera.
landscape. at person in a red A looking snowy out coat a	A person in a red coat looking out at a snowy landscape.
fountain. man over A a water is jumping	A man is jumping over a water fountain.
cat. white at A an dog biting orange	A white dog biting at an orange cat.
calf Two in rodeo. a horses on wrangle a cowboys	Two cowboys on horses wrangle a calf in a rodeo.
playing woman softball other players look on. a at field a while swings A on	A woman swings at a softball on a playing field while other players look on.
his bicyclist off People bike cheer rides a a as ramp	People cheer as a bicyclist rides his bike off a ramp
being in dressed plastic alike toddlers a parade car pushed in Twin strollers	Twin toddlers dressed alike being pushed in plastic car strollers in a parade
challenge his at and a A dog trainer	A dog and his trainer at a challenge
terrain. snow-covered carries a while backpack large hiking man through The	The man carries a large backpack while hiking through snow-covered terrain.
hill. sledding boy Little snow down a covered	Little boy sledding down a snow covered hill.
white holding dog in jump, a a mouth. in his A plate	A white dog in a jump, holding a plate in his mouth.
trees. smiles lady A camera front in brown of haired at the	A brown haired lady smiles at the camera in front of trees.
playing war a golden are a toy. adult of brown An with puppy and retriever tug	An adult golden retriever and a puppy are playing tug of war with a brown toy.
five man band A rehearsing. is	A five man band is rehearsing.
of he up much seen. be one snow, can three hardly them snow dogs throwing running are through so that the	three dogs are running through the snow, one of them throwing up so much snow that he can hardly be seen.
a Many bridge people over water. on murky standing	Many people standing on a bridge over murky water.
off jumps a boy little railling. yellow a	a little boy jumps off a yellow railling.
walking city people near are buildings. in tall Many the	Many people are walking in the city near tall buildings.
A group are rope beach at a swimmers to holding the of on	A group of swimmers are holding on to a rope at the beach
at black A white and dog looking the camera.	A black and white dog looking at the camera.
the fence. view in take a from Two people behind	Two people take in the view from behind a fence.
driver. team sled A dog and their	A dog sled team and their driver.
a jogs and jeans wearing coat on person sidewalk. a A	A person wearing jeans and a coat jogs on a sidewalk.
to are get waiting People their luggage.	People are waiting to get their luggage.
crowd headwraps. Hindu women of in A	A crowd of Hindu women in headwraps.
area black and dog his brown grassy, open. A with a in partially mouth well-lit	A black and brown dog in a grassy, well-lit area with his mouth partially open.
A race car it while drives. blows smoke	A race car blows smoke while it drives.
yellow in little shirts red boys Two shorts. and	Two little boys in yellow shirts and red shorts.
a is hand strip holding a boy boots car. of out in soccer in A his stepping whilst red his	A boy in a red soccer strip is holding his boots in his hand whilst stepping out of a car.
turns in of basketball. young A scoring group a in men gym take	A group of young men in a gym take turns scoring in basketball.
tires jumping old boy of A off	A boy jumping off of old tires
area. a wooded play a in placid lake Three children near	Three children play near a placid lake in a wooded area.
and crouching dog A in looking up grass. a is of field brown	A brown dog is crouching and looking up in a field of grass.
approaching vista biker cliffside a Mountain	Mountain biker approaching a cliffside vista
the Skiiers forest. up through a walking hill	Skiiers walking up the hill through a forest.
an with seaweed foreground. shore at the A of dog ocean, in	A dog at the shore of an ocean, with seaweed in foreground.
soccer A team white and each against blue other. playing	A blue and white soccer team playing against each other.
girl necklace. her on outside standing and to is The holding	The girl is standing outside and holding on to her necklace.
field. a rock with large black white paws a A in stands dog on	A black dog with white paws stands on a large rock in a field.
trail a long off-road A mountain line of on vehicles	A long line of off-road vehicles on a mountain trail
retrieving from flashlight The pond. Irish is Setter a the	The Irish Setter is retrieving a flashlight from the pond.
basketball, team has white other has indoor and playing and orange boys uniforms, one black the white. Young	Young boys playing indoor basketball, one team has black and white uniforms, the other has orange and white.
next large rocks upon to a Two river. people sit	Two people sit upon large rocks next to a river.
Man edge large of view. standing on scenic rock overlooking	Man standing on edge of large rock overlooking scenic view.
racing Two dragsters rocket a at dragsters.	Two rocket dragsters racing at a dragsters.
track a on riding motorcycle and on man waving. A a	A man on a motorcycle riding on a track and waving.
swing. A plays a on boy green	A boy plays on a green swing.
on playing beach. the dogs with Two boys two are	Two boys are playing with two dogs on the beach.
orange an in ball dog A water. the fetching	A dog fetching an orange ball in the water.
and head cow the smiles her for in background a a cutout hole camera. through in a barn child a puts With the	With a barn in the background a child puts her head through a hole in a cow cutout and smiles for the camera.
patchy dogs grass. brown Three on the	Three brown dogs on the patchy grass.
a near and a piano up stands painting. at A couple look	A couple stands near a piano and look up at a painting.
woman along A walks boardwalk a	A woman walks along a boardwalk
behind East Asian a sitting cow-like two outdoors women animal	two East Asian women sitting outdoors behind a cow-like animal
small dog. dog A play larger with jumps to up a	A small dog jumps up to play with a larger dog.
the dog takes a elderly his man water. for walk An near	An elderly man takes his dog for a walk near the water.
the back girls in flips cartwheels and Three surf. do	Three girls do back flips and cartwheels in the surf.
out These are at stand a forms filling women outdoors.	These women are filling out forms at a stand outdoors.
pickup in black a truck. woman stands wearing front a of	a woman wearing black stands in front of a pickup truck.
biker is A downhill. racing	A biker is racing downhill.
with play pyrotechnics. People	People play with pyrotechnics.
shirt hands. eyes closed making in with sitting green and Boy swing in gesture with	Boy in green shirt sitting in swing with eyes closed and making gesture with hands.
a five motorcycle being helmet. A wearing front rider on a number red ridden is by with	A motorcycle with number five on front is being ridden by a rider wearing a red helmet.
standing ground. pigeons in runs boy the little of through blue on flock a A	A little boy in blue runs through a flock of pigeons standing on the ground.
hands. sitting table a and man A woman are at restaurant holding	A man and woman are sitting at a restaurant table holding hands.
spray hilltops. by over the being orange is an white plane flying and ejected Red	Red spray is being ejected by an orange and white plane flying over the hilltops.
in runner red The just the made it has hill. up and yellow	The runner in red and yellow has just made it up the hill.
horse race track A grass on a	A horse race on a grass track
bag in with position black A girl a a a cramped on train	A girl with a black bag in a cramped position on a train
lazily field grass. laying of are the The in dry cats	The cats are lazily laying in the field of dry grass.
playing rival teams The basketball. are	The rival teams are playing basketball.
duck while through toy it black dog runs a in chases its brown with snow dog mouth a A	A brown dog with a toy duck in its mouth runs through snow while a black dog chases it
fireworks. in child with shirt A plays red a	A child in a red shirt plays with fireworks.
A hoodie in stairs ascending pink tall outdoors. child a small	A small child in a pink hoodie ascending tall stairs outdoors.
is of the pond. ice A through a frozen man drilling	A man is drilling through the frozen ice of a pond.
apple. man ledge eating a sitting on A an	A man sitting on a ledge eating an apple.
in of hiker prairie the the lone middle a is his backpack. back a There with his to camera, showing	There is a lone hiker in the middle of a prairie with his back to the camera, showing his backpack.
wearing pink sunglasses The and a is man shirt	The man is wearing sunglasses and a pink shirt
grass small with in sit blond women a dog. Two	Two blond women sit in grass with a small dog.
team dog of pulling dogs sled. A is a	A team of dogs is pulling a dog sled.
in a a red throws man Frisbee.	a man in red throws a Frisbee.
wheelie bike a on person on a a doing rock. A	A person on a bike doing a wheelie on a rock.
dog one it. jacket white is on greyhound with red A a printed the number wearing	A white greyhound dog is wearing a red jacket with the number one printed on it.
sheep. dog in herd a of A near	A dog in near a herd of sheep.
A get a ball. red small black and dog tan to jumps	A small black and tan dog jumps to get a red ball.
on left alone snowy slope. ski Ski equipment,	Ski equipment, left alone on snowy ski slope.
rides surfer a the wave. up	a surfer rides up the wave.
to path runs rhododendron. dog a A next blond down a	A blond dog runs down a path next to a rhododendron.
shirt street. his city a walks busy rolled up in pants off A with man and	A man walks with his shirt off and rolled up pants in a busy city street.
dogs in field. play with tennis ball Two	Two dogs play with tennis ball in field.
tabby its left cat A front leg. licking	A tabby cat licking its left front leg.
a her picture. while stump man takes woman balances A a on	A woman balances on a stump while a man takes her picture.
bicycle a of on Closeup legs peddal. man's	Closeup of man's legs on a bicycle peddal.
A player rival by tackled football team. being the is	A football player is being tackled by the rival team.
legs the out their and men to put side. Two arms	Two men put their arms and legs out to the side.
Woman rural area climbing a in a cliff	Woman climbing a cliff in a rural area
at is a as dressed zombie this party. Everybody	Everybody is dressed as a zombie at this party.
with a a A cat watching dog toy.	A cat watching a dog with a toy.
race people. front car crowd A black of starts up of in a	A black race car starts up in front of a crowd of people.
cliff. from a ropes over Two giant safety hang people	Two people hang from safety ropes over a giant cliff.
about A a woman is track. race to around	A woman is about to race around a track.
runs the light green on grass. A brown big dog	A big light brown dog runs on the green grass.
dog with puppies. white Black	Black dog with white puppies.
outside. are of people group A fireworks watching	A group of people are watching fireworks outside.
stands down upside child A pool. in a	A child stands upside down in a pool.
playfully one a stage on people of them. while sledding dog various hill, of in chases a snowy Four	Four people in various stage of sledding on a snowy hill, while a dog playfully chases one of them.
inside Small tube. children blue play a yellow and small	Small children play inside a small yellow and blue tube.
sport Five a shirts on with on. a multicolored men field playing	Five men playing a sport on a field with multicolored shirts on.
A her. plays with a shines sun behind as girl the necklace	A girl plays with a necklace as the sun shines behind her.
man a skateboard doing trick a on	a man doing a trick on skateboard
trees. a shirt and jeans boy young short red with by sleeved some A runs	A young boy with a red short sleeved shirt and jeans runs by some trees.
book. a through A a teaches babies young about woman boy	A woman teaches a young boy about babies through a book.
A is wearing orange going mountain. a down snowboarder	A snowboarder wearing orange is going down a mountain.
mountaineers looking Two snowy on trail. ahead are a	Two mountaineers are looking ahead on a snowy trail.
motocross A rider a over rides in the air bar.	A motocross rider rides in the air over a bar.
an stand awning under children village in a Three	Three children in a village stand under an awning
wearing sand outfit at the a red a young jumping into a bright boy playground.	a young boy wearing a bright red outfit jumping into the sand at a playground.
in girl swinging A a backyard. is young	A young girl is swinging in a backyard.
with people facial is and disheveled of A crowd smiling. a in hair man hair	A man with disheveled hair and facial hair in a crowd of people is smiling.
with grass. on being Children with water, faces painted sprayed red	Children with painted red faces being sprayed with water, on grass.
in kicked shirt white a a soccer player goal. A	A soccer player in a white shirt kicked a goal.
the at Black night. in yard dog	Black dog in the yard at night.
in floor is on mask a crowded woman black A dress a and red dance	A woman in a red dress and black mask is on a crowded dance floor
a man wheel the and boy A car. a of behind	A man and a boy behind the wheel of a car.
teams in football a packed a playing stadium Two game	Two teams playing a football game in a packed stadium
large of standing work brick a men Two by a art are under building.	Two men are standing under a large work of art by a brick building.
blue jumps and an as running dog to in obstacle. it next woman over A white a black	A woman in blue running next to a black and white dog as it jumps over an obstacle.
in young A jumps the boy rock off a forest	A young boy jumps off a rock in the forest
wearing helmet a and black skateboard black A a and rides man park. shirt pants in his	A man wearing a black helmet and black pants and shirt rides his skateboard in a park.
pool a young boys green swimming of in Two water.	Two young boys swimming in a pool of green water.
man smiles. sunglasses and A a helmet wearing	A man wearing a helmet and sunglasses smiles.
into running Frisbee. ocean dog purple is a chases brown as it the A	A brown dog is running into the ocean as it chases a purple Frisbee.
and Rollerblades. a wearing blue is striped girl shirt The	The girl is wearing a blue striped shirt and Rollerblades.
Black the water in dog off him. shaking the water of	Black dog in the water shaking the water off of him.
gray-haired on Two a women sidewalk the talk near holding road. bags	Two gray-haired women holding bags talk on the sidewalk near a road.
hikes and person covered snow across A a grass plain	A person hikes across a grass and snow covered plain
and playing girl A boy a little outside. little together	A little boy and a little girl playing together outside.
on near biking a A person a fence. road	A person biking on a road near a fence.
with whipping A hair. a pool around, person from hair water long emerging from water, of their cascading the hair and	A person with long hair emerging from a pool of water, their hair whipping around, and water cascading from the hair.
Three desks. sitting at children	Three children sitting at desks.
the the runs dog shrubbery beige A toward camera. through	A beige dog runs through the shrubbery toward the camera.
looks man looks man another the into his at The eyes. blond while camera	The blond man looks at the camera while another man looks into his eyes.
in mountains. man front A biking of	A man biking in front of mountains.
gondola canals A boats around. other with is through steered the	A gondola is steered through the canals with other boats around.
a at trick man A graffiti performing covered skateboard a a park. on skate	A man performing a trick on a skateboard at a graffiti covered skate park.
walking wet is sand. black the dog in A	A wet black dog is walking in the sand.
sidewalk plays A hoop neighborhood. in the girl little hula on a with residential a	A little girl plays with a hula hoop on the sidewalk in a residential neighborhood.
children inspecting Three table. a patio	Three children inspecting a patio table.
snow covered down dressed person black A in skiing hill. a	A person dressed in black skiing down a snow covered hill.
A on a vehicle. are and police woman a motorized child sitting	A woman and a child are sitting on a motorized police vehicle.
a child wearing a coat toy climbing car. into small blue red A	A small child wearing a blue coat climbing into a red toy car.
sits in the A man grass. wearing glasses	A man wearing glasses sits in the grass.
running large beige the grass. dog The through is	The large beige dog is running through the grass.
steps. and white dog up A walking is snowy brown	A brown and white dog is walking up snowy steps.
upside cowboy hanging horse. A a is down from	A cowboy is hanging upside down from a horse.
grass. black white dog in his with a a mouth of toy field in A	A black dog with a white toy in his mouth in a field of grass.
like one other shaped boys standing rattan swords, with fighting kneeling. the Two sticks	Two boys fighting with rattan sticks shaped like swords, one standing the other kneeling.
of is the and girl cardboard between bucket the The at counter boxes. flowers the sitting	The girl is sitting at the counter between the bucket of flowers and the cardboard boxes.
person with in dog playing grass. black the A their	A person playing with their black dog in the grass.
with playing dog dog. another his A teeth while shows	A dog shows his teeth while playing with another dog.
white field flowers. runs yellow a brown in and of dog A	A brown and white dog runs in a field of yellow flowers.
blazing fire around of at people night. group A sit a	A group of people sit around a blazing fire at night.
a dog runs A yellow dirt down path.	A yellow dog runs down a dirt path.
of shirtless closeup a A man climbing. rock	A closeup of a shirtless man rock climbing.
trees grass hose. A and is man laying near down a on	A man is laying down on grass near trees and a hose.
grey creature. coat a boy sea A holds a in	A boy in a grey coat holds a sea creature.
mouth. is dog with stick a its The in brown away running	The brown dog is running away with a stick in its mouth.
A couple a on flowered older together an woman. sofa sitting with	A couple sitting together on a flowered sofa with an older woman.
a woman holding stands next to white. a flag wearing A and man black	A man holding a flag stands next to a woman wearing black and white.
lake in underwater car is sinking a or river. A	A car is sinking underwater in a lake or river.
a hat the in wearing green city a man distnat a with canvas background	a man wearing a green canvas hat with a distnat city in the background
their are on performing tricks bicycles teenagers The at night.	The teenagers are performing tricks on their bicycles at night.
group of A boys young of a bag over fight trash.	A group of young boys fight over a bag of trash.
small bird dog. brightly and A colored a	A brightly colored bird and a small dog.
a gathered in in together a the are square. of city tourists of front restroom group busy	a group of tourists are gathered together in front of the restroom in a busy city square.
house. yard garden the tube Children of around and are playing in a a in front	Children are playing in and around a garden tube in the front yard of a house.
black its coming in A is something with of dog large, of a mouth water. pool out	A large, black dog with something in its mouth is coming out of a pool of water.
mustache wearing the with a white earpiece. man The is bluetooth bald	The bald man with the white mustache is wearing a bluetooth earpiece.
another from and fountain makes drinks face. a watches boy little boy a little water while A	A little boy drinks water from a fountain while another little boy watches and makes a face.
on snow covered running A dog is a path. brown	A brown dog is running on a snow covered path.
green bag A a in peeks out. baby	A baby in a green bag peeks out.
on running field. a dogs Three grassy	Three dogs running on a grassy field.
A in a skateboard midair on boy	A boy on a skateboard in midair
up entry climbing A in dress an a in way. of a child is stairs pink set	A child in a pink dress is climbing up a set of stairs in an entry way.
the grass. fast in Two dogs running	Two dogs running fast in the grass.
white man and an orange riding motorcycle. A	A man riding an orange and white motorcycle.
group race track. cyclers a around of A	A group of cyclers race around a track.
walking People	People walking
baby red a clibing sweatshirt in mat. a red hooded A	A baby in a red hooded sweatshirt clibing a red mat.
A in little and shorts grass. boy sitting the sandals in is	A little boy in shorts and sandals is sitting in the grass.
other fighting, beige. black, the dogs one is Two	Two dogs fighting, one is black, the other beige.
boy Nash shirt an wearing basketball a A a on indoor Steve court. dribbles	A boy wearing a Steve Nash shirt dribbles a basketball on an indoor court.
run children tall through the The green grass.	The children run through the tall green grass.
half black A a floor. half sitting gray laying street with on hair man	A black man with gray hair half sitting half laying on a street floor.
an umbrella. man bench sitting A himself is a shading with on	A man is sitting on a bench shading himself with an umbrella.
A dancing front people. a in group couple among of the are	A couple in the front are dancing among a group of people.
girl flowers. among A little a blond white dress in flowery	A little blond girl in a flowery dress among white flowers.
a in flip doing behind sails with midair him. lake A is a person near	A person is doing a flip in midair near a lake with sails behind him.
across with a ramp a near. man walks standing dog A	A dog walks across a ramp with a man standing near.
playing are pavement. together Two on dogs the	Two dogs are playing together on the pavement.
the in playing Three snow. dogs	Three dogs playing in the snow.
snow its through Brown runs mouth. a branch covered snow with dog in	Brown dog runs through snow with a snow covered branch in its mouth.
sign that a free girl ". " hugs says wears a	a girl wears a sign that says " free hugs ".
feet on rubber a eight on chicken to is with its boy holding balls The	The boy is holding on to a rubber chicken with eight balls on its feet
her. on A one patiently another sits girl draws as henna	A girl sits patiently as another one draws henna on her.
A is orange jacket woman an glasses and jogging. in orange	A woman in an orange jacket and orange glasses is jogging.
standing her is crossed in girl a A with street. arms busy teenage	A teenage girl is standing with her arms crossed in a busy street.
reddish brown dog A running.	A reddish brown dog running.
parachutes, together sky. free-falling through people, are wearing the Three	Three people, wearing parachutes, are free-falling together through the sky.
white black on grass. the The is and dog	The white and black dog is on the grass.
A for glasses tie wearing a and a bow photo. man poses	A man wearing a bow tie and glasses poses for a photo.
sits in family on a of front a pool. A bench	A family sits on a bench in front of a pool.
boy young ropes. the A by beach on	A young boy on the beach by ropes.
rock another one from to guy on bike a large a jumping	a guy on a bike jumping from one large rock to another
with dogs together sticks. play outside Four	Four dogs play together outside with sticks.
in holding of a piece is jacket man a while red posing. A paper	A man in a red jacket is holding a piece of paper while posing.
in white jerseys wearing a there tackling players are red football jersey a man two	there are two football players in red jerseys tackling a man wearing a white jersey
walk an through boy the oar ocean. holding a	a boy holding an oar walk through the ocean.
a man A cliff is scaling large	A man is scaling a large cliff
field. A a the woman blue sweater brown in running is through	A woman in the blue sweater is running through a brown field.
perpendicular to it surfer ocean. the is so flips his A board	A surfer flips his board so it is perpendicular to the ocean.
red in clothes Two people bald	Two bald people in red clothes
aided fallen is another. biker dirt A by	A fallen dirt biker is aided by another.
white dog over is A brown jumping obstacle an and	A brown and white dog is jumping over an obstacle
swing. a girl A young on	A young girl on a swing.
blue boat. speed and a are men white in Two	Two men are in a blue and white speed boat.
stand and two platform boy jumps a A off whilst watch. other boys	A boy jumps off a platform whilst two other boys stand and watch.
behind heads. plates and people golden Four smile hold their	Four people smile and hold golden plates behind their heads.
shopping A hidden child is bag. in green a mostly	A child is mostly hidden in a green shopping bag.
fair. a costume renaissance People in at	People in costume at a renaissance fair.
by skier A is woods. the in himself	A skier is by himself in the woods.
plushie blue nose. with holding while A her picking girl a a bow little	A little girl with a blue bow holding a plushie while picking her nose.
a bars, ear. right cellphone his his in man wearing by and green to A white surrounded doorway a is a holding standing shirt up	A man wearing a white shirt is standing in a doorway surrounded by green bars, and his holding a cellphone up to his right ear.
dog in a water. plays the black	a black dog plays in the water.
the in water. White dog	White dog in the water.
with shirt a pink hat and a child and in standing pink grass. A white	A child with a pink hat and a white and pink shirt standing in grass.
jogging couple An older by the water	An older couple jogging by the water
is a off with The trick skateboard. ramp performing a boy a	The boy is performing a trick off a ramp with a skateboard.
child spring watching inside house. An play a older toddler with a long a	An older child watching a toddler play with a long spring inside a house.
pet horse. parent and a A child	A child and parent pet a horse.
near a group people A on of a lake and bridge.	A group of people near a lake and on a bridge.
ocean, Two bikes in the ride kids their evening. the by	Two kids ride their bikes by the ocean, in the evening.
away wearing front man standing black a backpack. a is coat in sunglasses walking a with woman of A and	A woman wearing a black coat and sunglasses is standing in front of a man walking away with a backpack.
while splashes boy poll young wading a A yellow in mom watches	A young boy splashes in a yellow wading poll while mom watches
while a the Three are field is baseball large players crowd watching on	Three baseball players are on the field while a large crowd is watching
woman A volleyball. plays	A woman plays volleyball.
the eye. his viewfinder cameraman is with to squatting The rocks his among	The cameraman is squatting among the rocks with his viewfinder to his eye.
the A head brown with flaps in a water. wings duck green its	A brown duck with a green head flaps its wings in the water.
a off falling balloons slide child floating water. a is onto on pool colored of A	A child is falling off a slide onto colored balloons floating on a pool of water.
down small is white A street. boy dog the a walking	A boy is walking a small white dog down the street.
up a in outside dog A another towards is car. the dog jumps a woman car, while	A dog jumps up towards a woman in a car, while another dog is outside the car.
beach. along people horses riding Four	Four people riding horses along beach.
a and A lawn man smile sit woman as they yellow chairs. in	A man and a woman smile as they sit in yellow lawn chairs.
in red bags. carries a toddler two dress shopping A Zara	A toddler in a red dress carries two Zara shopping bags.
green wheel a small costume is A riding in a big dressed fairy bicycle. girl	A small girl dressed in a green fairy costume is riding a big wheel bicycle.
snow. in laying the dog A	A dog laying in the snow.
A little duck. a a at watching lake boy	A little boy at a lake watching a duck.
a a with velvet woman is burgundy large wearing peach A feather. hat	A woman is wearing a velvet burgundy hat with a large peach feather.
on and dock swim large another dog the water. stand A a a watching boy dog in	A boy and a large dog stand on a dock watching another dog swim in the water.
huddle a soccer during game. Boys	Boys huddle during a soccer game.
at Mohawk with A man hairstyle wears a a campus. college a backpack	A man with a Mohawk hairstyle wears a backpack at a college campus.
over dog and a poles white and jumping blue white brown	a brown and white dog jumping over blue and white poles
helmet and in on with his a cellphone. red shirt a man A plaid black bike	A man in a plaid shirt with a red and black bike helmet on his cellphone.
conversation. having a are Two costume in males period	Two males in period costume are having a conversation.
dirt trail a rider an A area. takes bike unconventional in rocky	A dirt bike rider takes an unconventional trail in a rocky area.
Three a on the through a bicycle pulling dogs man snow.	Three dogs pulling a man on a bicycle through the snow.
runs beach. A lean the dog along	A lean dog runs along the beach.
while a four-wheeler field. on a A man jumps in	A man on a four-wheeler jumps while in a field.
climbing. Woman goes rock	Woman goes rock climbing.
a restaurant. sits busy couple a cramped table in A at	A couple sits at a cramped table in a busy restaurant.
boy A in red plays a suit the water. in	A boy in a red suit plays in the water.
girl crowd. A green dressed festival in past rollerskates a	A girl dressed in green rollerskates past a festival crowd.
a is in tennis. game a man and has his hand of A playing racquet	A man has a racquet in his hand and is playing a game of tennis.
long person on the a a beach. walking lone distance in	a lone person walking in the distance on a long beach.
that glove a boy in young costume very a with fingers. long A has sharp	A young boy in a costume with a glove that has very long sharp fingers.
man vehicle child his drives with A lap. on a a	A man drives a vehicle with a child on his lap.
wet water. off bulldog A shakes	A wet bulldog shakes off water.
off tie A shirt jumps and boy staircase. a in a	A boy in a shirt and tie jumps off a staircase.
a retail two outside man A and women pose store.	A man and two women pose outside a retail store.
trashcan outdoors. outfit a in stands man A over colorful a	A man in a colorful outfit stands over a trashcan outdoors.
sitting the young wearing reading woman colonial a girl. is grass on clothing to A	A woman wearing colonial clothing is sitting on the grass reading to a young girl.
drink her sips sidewalk. the woman on The	The woman sips her drink on the sidewalk.
swimming water. suit boy a in young in sits A	A young boy in a swimming suit sits in water.
are couple front of group of outfits wearing in gathered is while fountains an A people embrace. a in leather	A group of people is gathered in front of fountains while a couple wearing leather outfits are in an embrace.
and rope smiles climbing the camera. at A with woman helmet a	A woman with a helmet and climbing rope smiles at the camera.
Little is girl in up jumping sprinklers the getting soaked.	Little girl is jumping up in the sprinklers getting soaked.
of large facepaint people group on gather with A outside.	A large group of people with facepaint on gather outside.
while he one Two other a the together makes funny and at men face. looks sit	Two men sit together and one looks at the other while he makes a funny face.
jumping A up squirted jet being water. a of is jug it is with	A jug is jumping up it is being squirted with a jet of water.
Bounce children young trampoline. short Two on a	Two young children Bounce on a short trampoline.
black is of in stick a holding playground. The a guy front	The guy is holding a black stick in front of a playground.
women outfits skimpy sand Two in play volleyball.	Two women in skimpy outfits play sand volleyball.
pug on dog pond water. stands larger a stands the in the of bank A a while	A pug stands on the bank of a pond while a larger dog stands in the water.
and a shirts in stand Four black one in park. men woman	Four men and one woman in black shirts stand in a park.
a in teach and red Group dance. shirt people a sneakers how of little to boy	Group of people teach a little boy in a red shirt and sneakers how to dance.
together one binoculars. men are standing while through Two looks	Two men are standing together while one looks through binoculars.
with The boys playing Legos. are	The boys are playing with Legos.
people A and number mountain of under covered standing snow. a in laying	A number of people standing and laying under a mountain covered in snow.
children as other teenager on bounces A shirtless trampoline a watch.	A shirtless teenager bounces on a trampoline as other children watch.
A striped dog. another with dog sweater wearing touches noses a	A dog wearing a striped sweater touches noses with another dog.
a lone snowboarder middle gust snowy of a the in	a lone snowboarder in the middle of a snowy gust
a low ground, two tightrope, A man to the trees. walking between	A man walking a tightrope, low to the ground, between two trees.
A riverrafting. person	A person riverrafting.
off-camera. looks red-haired A woman	A red-haired woman looks off-camera.
Someone is pants a in on standing green snowboard.	Someone in green pants is standing on a snowboard.
boy shirt. in sand sits no with the The	The boy sits in the sand with no shirt.
A playing rugby. men of group are	A group of men are playing rugby.
a green sliding A down is slide. kid	A kid is sliding down a green slide.
some rocks. A climber on	A climber on some rocks.
yellow in stands of a of group front people A building.	A group of people stands in front of a yellow building.
on brown, other playing dogs, white, and a black sidewalk. the Two are one	Two dogs, one brown, the other black and white, are playing on a sidewalk.
side snowy mountain. walk a of people along Two the	Two people walk along the side of a snowy mountain.
water through running the a on Two dogs beach.	Two dogs running through the water on a beach.
am looking into lake. a a I squatting dock, on	I am squatting on a dock, looking into a lake.
dry are water. Two the to themselves shaking on path dogs the next	Two dogs are shaking themselves dry on the path next to the water.
climbing an climbs wall. boy teenage A indoor	A teenage boy climbs an indoor climbing wall.
and man standing sweater blue catch a A hands if of something in in fuchsia holds to a while his as crowd people.	A man in a blue and fuchsia sweater holds his hands as if to catch something while standing in a crowd of people.
alike pose look Christmas who in Two front of tree. girls a	Two girls who look alike pose in front of a Christmas tree.
ball on dog beach. and A a a	A dog and a ball on a beach.
to other each laying in dogs while try snow. Two the bite	Two dogs try to bite each other while laying in the snow.
towel. a is a wearing bed injured boy and lying arm with A with shorts blue an right on	A boy with an injured right arm and wearing blue shorts is lying on a bed with a towel.
to The fire is woman department a people. wearing uniform talking	The woman wearing a fire department uniform is talking to people.
for pose people picture. a Three	Three people pose for a picture.
limb the standing for camera. a in young on tree A jeans girl posing is	A young girl in jeans is standing on a tree limb posing for the camera.
whose sad at homeless looking clothes man on torn A are a street. man the	A man looking at a sad homeless man whose clothes are torn on the street.
A stands in six of front children of a wall. group and smiling laughing	A group of six children stands smiling and laughing in front of a wall.
dogs over two white sandy fighting long the on stick a beach and black	two black and white dogs on the sandy beach fighting over a long stick
brindle-colored the yard. coat A with dog is a across running	A dog with a brindle-colored coat is running across the yard.
heavy shop a clothing wearing night. walking a makeup and a is jacket pink past at woman	a woman wearing heavy makeup and a pink jacket is walking past a clothing shop at night.
woman interviews mic the soccer A with a player.	A woman with a mic interviews the soccer player.
bike. yellow shirt with and Man blue rides	Man with blue and yellow shirt rides bike.
big a subway. a pulling bag Someone onto black is	Someone is pulling a big black bag onto a subway.
boy sandy wearing a the A runs in shirt barefoot hill. striped	A boy wearing a striped shirt runs barefoot in the sandy hill.
Frisbee a a is casts catch A perfect jumping to shadow. dog and	A dog is jumping to catch a Frisbee and casts a perfect shadow.
together on running brown dogs sand Two	Two brown dogs running together on sand
a cigarette. man holds a	a man holds a cigarette.
man waterside bleachers. on guitar plays A	A man plays guitar on waterside bleachers.
auto at are people the standing around The show.	The people are standing around at the auto show.
big leg a dog biting A smaller the is dog on	A big dog is biting a smaller dog on the leg
child A a hat blue wearing smiles. and in	A child in blue and wearing a hat smiles.
ball playing A dog the in sand.	A dog playing ball in the sand.
small cards. playing man at a table A amidst flying and woman sit young	A young man and woman sit at a small table amidst flying playing cards.
in grass. dogs Many are the shown	Many dogs are shown in the grass.
arms spreading his boy in This is water. playing the while	This boy is spreading his arms while playing in the water.
water. sprinkler the dog a drinks	a dog drinks the sprinkler water.
A with speaker mask a a carrying man black	A man with a mask carrying a black speaker
a A bicycle woman forest. through a is riding	A woman is riding a bicycle through a forest.
girl taking another park. of is a a picture in A girl	A girl is taking a picture of another girl in a park.
doing ground. bike tricks on rocky white man on A a	A man on a white bike doing tricks on rocky ground.
A grass. leaps the dog across	A dog leaps across the grass.
blue The boy and wearing wearing is girl the clothes. is a shirt, black	The boy is wearing a blue shirt, and the girl is wearing black clothes.
to outfit a attempts wall and a made pink for A climb girl green kids. in	A girl in a green and pink outfit attempts to climb a wall made for kids.
kicks his opponent. arts A performing man martial	A man performing martial arts kicks his opponent.
dirt close-up. with in logo bike man A wearing clothes, a	A man wearing dirt bike clothes, with a logo in close-up.
about water black on A a to a the after dog dive ball into dock	A black dog on a dock about to dive into the water after a ball
in Snowboarder going a over fence snow.	Snowboarder going over a fence in snow.
with bench sitting on two Older his bags. a is man	Older man is sitting on a bench with his two bags.
green of and the tank railroad is track. grey the empty in standing shorts middle with the The top girl	The girl with the green tank top and grey shorts is standing in the middle of the empty railroad track.
over Two the jumping and one runs through the while log dogs, white grass. behind a brown one	Two brown and white dogs, one jumping over a log while the one behind runs through the grass.
Antics pool. in a covered	Antics in a covered pool.
with playing beach. on soccer They are the a ball	They are playing with a soccer ball on the beach.
on bench a them. a watch go Childern as on playing adults merry round are	Childern are playing on a merry go round as adults on a bench watch them.
looking at the girl other A little two horses on of the side is the fence.	A little girl is looking at the two horses on the other side of the fence.
market. with kids Little outside walk their a of backpacks	Little kids walk with their backpacks outside of a market.
off the of top ski-ing of some building. Someone is type	Someone is ski-ing off the top of some type of building.
Two beach the at walking on people sunset.	Two people walking on the beach at sunset.
a blond in bathing through a suit girl running sprinklers the pink	a blond girl in a pink bathing suit running through the sprinklers
standing on snowcapped A man mountain. is a	A man is standing on a snowcapped mountain.
The barren ground a a wheelie mostly man doing with motorcycle in is	The man is doing a wheelie with a motorcycle in mostly barren ground
rides. A motorcyclist	A motorcyclist rides.
part asian a plays young A in girl a setting. with a woman ball with blue	A young asian girl with a woman plays with a blue ball in a part setting.
A boy bridge a a girl on and hugging	A girl and a boy hugging on a bridge
a hat sitting An white on and park old a bench. with long is glasses, a beard, man	An old man with a long white beard, glasses, and a hat is sitting on a park bench.
blue girl bikini in swimming is in dark floral tan A a waters.	A tan girl in a floral bikini is swimming in dark blue waters.
and hats. solid around colored bright colorful stand Three in men shirts	Three men stand around in bright solid colored shirts and colorful hats.
Two near woman building. stroller dark stand in a a	Two woman stand near a stroller in a dark building.
the The afternoon. girls in take break a	The girls take a break in the afternoon.
ball orange the the football player his has in uniform The in arms.	The football player in the orange uniform has the ball in his arms.
on a colorful wall people painting several mural a	several people painting a colorful mural on a wall
jumping horizontal is A dog poles. long-haired over	A long-haired dog is jumping over horizontal poles.
the are canoe rowing a people Two water. through	Two people are rowing a canoe through the water.
fast little day. on A running dune a brown is during dog the sand	A little brown dog is running fast on a sand dune during the day.
A of group on a with ledge view scenic a them. sit rocky people behind	A group of people sit on a rocky ledge with a scenic view behind them.
young sky. girls in they a as the fly cloud-covered a run Two across field kite	Two young girls run across a field as they fly a kite in the cloud-covered sky.
a over waterfall. kayak's A person	A person kayak's over a waterfall.
some water. black through A dog is running	A black dog is running through some water.
on beach dog A shaking the off water	A dog on the beach shaking off water
of group around goal. a A players hockey	A group of hockey players around a goal.
on by pool. sit the bench People a	People sit on a bench by the pool.
are photograph. park for young boys A a man posing two a holding on a bench, sitting and woman	A man and a woman holding two young boys are sitting on a park bench, posing for a photograph.
is a into man air raft. from launched A the	A man is launched into the air from a raft.
on is a a a circuit. hoop leaping training through white red brown dog and	a brown and white dog is leaping through a red hoop on a training circuit.
a game. about to Two teams football players of start	Two teams of football players about to start a game.
a the a leash in girl A holding sheep busy by setting fair	A girl holding a sheep by the leash in a busy fair setting
kids a A are group birthday at party. of	A group of kids are at a birthday party.
and is laying A toy. brown black tiger with striped dog a	A black and brown dog is laying with a tiger striped toy.
provocative smiling Two outfits a leather in parade. men in dressed walk	Two smiling men dressed in provocative leather outfits walk in a parade.
a with boy shirt little wheeled a bike. a blue two riding and wearing helmet is A	A little boy with a blue shirt is wearing a helmet and riding a two wheeled bike.
black A a man small in holding hoodie sign. a	A man in a black hoodie holding a small sign.
man looks woman approached Woman on at being a at another bar by	Woman at bar looks on at another woman being approached by a man
dirt riding on a track. bike dirt a Man	Man riding a dirt bike on a dirt track.
league pitcher Minor	Minor league pitcher
A swing with the the plays playground. girl tire little at	A little girl plays with the tire swing at the playground.
of painted flying in it. Flock mural building with a of pigeons front on	Flock of pigeons flying in front of building with a mural painted on it.
to Three children balls are playing with flag. American near an	Three children are playing with balls near to an American flag.
cliff a man lake. a into in blue shorts leaps from	a man in blue shorts leaps from cliff into a lake.
Two perform a stage people with guitars. electric on	Two people perform on a stage with electric guitars.
fabric twisted acrobat entangles in trees the in above. herself An	An acrobat entangles herself in fabric twisted in the trees above.
while dogs men shake The another man hands look on. and	The men shake hands while another man and dogs look on.
and with a bearded A bandanna. man skull Mohawk	A bearded man with a Mohawk and skull bandanna.
in front hat man in of A a standing shop. tire a	A man in a hat standing in front of a tire shop.
a horse. rides boy a toy	a boy rides a toy horse.
a snow. the white stands dog in	a dog stands in the white snow.
boy The the dribbles in the ball playground.	The boy dribbles the ball in the playground.
markings ; A right. there to in tan deep evergreen dog with the is black an stands snow	A black dog with tan markings stands in deep snow ; there is an evergreen to the right.
the with balls shirt. in tennis walks his A in boy rain	A boy walks in the rain with tennis balls in his shirt.
cold Simpsons with of stand people cutouts on cartoon front the drinks. cold also in Four drinks young holding the of sidewalk	Four young people with cold drinks stand on the sidewalk in front of cartoon cutouts of the Simpsons also holding cold drinks.
waving smiling. at and the A camera woman	A woman waving at the camera and smiling.
Several people basketball outside. play	Several people play basketball outside.
that another baring hairy nibbles brown is teeth. the dog ear dog of a its	a brown hairy dog nibbles the ear of another dog that is baring its teeth.
playing a cheeked yellow toy. baby in red A and a bib with cubby	A cubby cheeked baby in a yellow and red bib playing with a toy.
leaping wakeboarder is A air. high tanned in the	A tanned wakeboarder is leaping high in the air.
pool in with playing dog a is paddling ball. A the	A dog is in the paddling pool playing with a ball.
number racing Horse 8 is	Horse number 8 is racing
down A kayaking is a man waterfall.	A man is kayaking down a waterfall.
adult. elderly bald An	An bald elderly adult.
in dressed A blue, with baby a watch.	A baby dressed in blue, with a watch.
child There small green pool. a playing in is a kiddy	There is a small child playing in a green kiddy pool.
on in harness snow. A her dog a small brown puts the while woman	A woman puts a harness on her small brown dog while in the snow.
air are Cyclists watched the leaping by whilst spectators. being into	Cyclists are leaping into the air whilst being watched by spectators.
small a A in holds scuba very a lobster. person suit	A person in a scuba suit holds a very small lobster.
man brown his The his with hair with black is face the covering hands. sweater in	The man with brown hair in the black sweater is covering his face with his hands.
cap onward. in man looking blue and a sunglasses A	A man in sunglasses and a blue cap looking onward.
a colorful men parachutes Two in landed with field. just have	Two men with colorful parachutes have just landed in a field.
are A hills. brown and dog running a black dog and white grassy over	A brown dog and a black and white dog are running over grassy hills.
tossing Children leaves lawn. dead on	Children tossing dead leaves on lawn.
air. ground the biker the through after lands on A flying	A biker lands on the ground after flying through the air.
A amounts on of riding person large snowmobile a snow.	A person riding a snowmobile on large amounts of snow.
bike. a bmx A person on	A person on a bmx bike.
The group boats other. races of each	The group of boats races each other.
A sign the is the climbing top has and nearly person reached at	A person is climbing and has nearly reached the sign at the top
another person A on cliff climb top a of stands as the attempts to it.	A person stands on the top of a cliff as another attempts to climb it.
his man uses and cellphone. a The drink holds	The man holds a drink and uses his cellphone.
a is A wire attempting on tropical bicyclist in a a location. trick	A bicyclist is attempting a trick on a wire in a tropical location.
face a in elderly cap. blue jacket observes An man a woman white in her she and young baseball as scratches burgundy	An elderly woman in burgundy scratches her face as she observes a young man in a blue jacket and white baseball cap.
selling a standing and a tie dress donuts. man of A in front in is shirt sign	A man in a dress shirt and tie is standing in front of a sign selling donuts.
tan ball Two beach. on blue while a standing dogs a share	Two tan dogs share a blue ball while standing on a beach.
coming dog white tunnel. a A out blue of	A white dog coming out of a blue tunnel.
small A a behind does a boy. child flip	A child does a flip behind a small boy.
larger look-alike furry is small, a to attempting golden a object dog take from The	The small, golden dog is attempting to take a furry object from a larger look-alike
boys ride. a ride Two in fairground little	Two little boys ride in a fairground ride.
a ride man A bikes and city across street. woman a	A woman and a man ride bikes across a city street.
on the The at bicycling nighttime. is person street	The person is bicycling on the street at nighttime.
swinging little bat. a baseball is orange A boy in shirt an collared	A little boy in an orange collared shirt is swinging a baseball bat.
sunglasses cap in amid crowd. denim and a Man	Man in denim cap and sunglasses amid a crowd.
dog running after woman	woman running after dog
seems stuck hard man place. rock and be beneath This a to	This man seems to be stuck beneath a rock and hard place.
wall the a A in street, of down a angel blond on tattoo with her concrete woman on arm an the background. walking	A blond woman with a tattoo of on an angel on her arm walking down the street, a concrete wall in the background.
spigot. water dogs public at a Three drinking	Three dogs drinking water at a public spigot.
shopping lime-green a Infant bag peers from	Infant peers from a lime-green shopping bag
a man holds The light Sabre.	The man holds a light Sabre.
a he boy dirty is and a is shirt red and There face smiling. in a little	There is a little boy in a red shirt and a dirty face and he is smiling.
person's on a biting finger. Small dog black	Small black dog biting on a person's finger.
with on. treks snow A her backpack girl the through	A girl treks through the snow with her backpack on.
red as is Large car animal as large black small	Large black animal is as large as small red car
halloween. dress two up for girls	two girls dress up for halloween.
another standing hands his man to man drink. while up with has a next A	A man has his hands up while standing next to another man with a drink.
jumping the runs another pool's dog edge. into is a One while pool alongside	One dog is jumping into a pool while another runs alongside the pool's edge.
ride amusement girls an on a at Two park.	Two girls on a ride at an amusement park.
in disc, tug Two with water. dogs knee-high play a of war	Two dogs play tug of war with a disc, in knee-high water.
tree two An little branches. girl hugs Asian	An Asian little girl hugs two tree branches.
standing the a a hat shore A in ocean and cowboy girl boy on	A girl in a cowboy hat and a boy standing on the ocean shore
on and elephant red, path. gold fabric walking in blue An stone draped a	An elephant draped in red, blue and gold fabric walking on a stone path.
night at People riding on track. a bicycles	People riding bicycles at night on a track.
playground A is red blue rocking on girl a little toy. a coat in	A little girl in a blue coat is rocking on a red playground toy.
jumping hair, curly with is brown white little A a shirt, red on wearing a boy bed.	A little boy with brown curly hair, wearing a red shirt, is jumping on a white bed.
in a A of on tree. standing a footpath front dog is	A dog is standing on a footpath in front of a tree.
blond wearing on sweater, toddler riding wooden blue toy. a a A	A blond toddler wearing a blue sweater, riding on a wooden toy.
on group outside standing, A gather the some pavement, of some sitting. people	A group of people gather outside on the pavement, some standing, some sitting.
biting grassy on doberman surface. ball A a a blue	A doberman biting a blue ball on a grassy surface.
admire classic People cars.	People admire classic cars.
water swirling is rope. a person holding and onto in A	A person is in swirling water and holding onto a rope.
in clothes plays with a brightly-colred ball. Girls blue	Girls in brightly-colred clothes plays with a blue ball.
yellow at ocean A retriever into Labrador walks sunset. the	A yellow Labrador retriever walks into the ocean at sunset.
a on hill. around green grass brown A dog is sniffing	A brown dog is sniffing around green grass on a hill.
a in ride. Two people slingshot	Two people in a slingshot ride.
blond peers at on. tree A she the camera the haired that girls on the sits leaves through little	A little blond haired girls peers at the camera through the leaves on the tree that she sits on.
a is collar a sunglasses. wearing A tinted blue dog who's man licking large with	A dog with a blue collar is licking a man who's wearing large tinted sunglasses.
child snow-covered on disc hill. red a slides sled A a small down	A child on a red disc sled slides down a small snow-covered hill.
towards on animals. shirt glasses down small and in bending is with blanket stuffed a dog red A a a man several	A man in a red shirt and glasses is bending down towards a small dog on a blanket with several stuffed animals.
Women play lacrosse.	Women play lacrosse.
the large swimming a splashes is creating boy whilst in ocean.	a boy is creating large splashes whilst swimming in the ocean.
A and with small one dog large toys. a walk their	A large dog and a small one walk with their toys.
on the rolling Dog ground.	Dog rolling on the ground.
the dog of is a into water casting is The and water. walking off the out the reflection sun	The dog is walking out into the water and the sun is casting a reflection off of the water.
jump The the on girls two little bed.	The two little girls jump on the bed.
woman A in subway station. sits a	A woman sits in a subway station.
jacket, slide. in sitting A a red a atop child	A child in a red jacket, sitting atop a slide.
sits A waterfall. woman at a staring	A woman sits staring at a waterfall.
with plays a colored child A outside. brightly shirt	A child with a brightly colored shirt plays outside.
little in dressed kid in blue, boat , playing a A	A little kid dressed in blue, playing in a boat ,
front that's woman its hind A standing dog a on is legs. in standing of	A woman is standing in front of a dog that's standing on its hind legs.
of various of in at sitting a man kinds full sunglasses soda. A table	A man in sunglasses sitting at a table full of various kinds of soda.
of cheer. the girls is top Cheerleader pyramid, cheerleading the a up her are looking doing in same one background at on	Cheerleader on top of a cheerleading pyramid, girls are looking up at her one is in the background doing the same cheer.
and a on man woman ski lift. a A	A man and a woman on a ski lift.
yellow mouth a in red in water swimming his something the dog with	a yellow dog swimming in the water with something red in his mouth
day. rock a a A wearing climber a red on face is shirt snowy climbing	A climber wearing a red shirt is climbing a rock face on a snowy day.
dog looking is in bounce. ball a to mid grab intense about A	A intense looking dog is about to grab a ball in mid bounce.
walks tennis across a A man court. barefoot	A barefoot man walks across a tennis court.
a man white shirt black a dog Frisbees a catching thrown by in a white	a black a white dog catching Frisbees thrown by a man in a white shirt
the while holds hand boy adult an adult A while raining playing his an and its water little in	A little boy playing in the water while its raining and an adult while an adult holds his hand
dog on A in air brown the jumping a plain. brown	A brown dog jumping in the air on a brown plain.
is a orange snowboard. in an snowboarder jacket a airborne on	a snowboarder in an orange jacket is airborne on a snowboard.
the by The beach running ocean. dog is brown on large the	The large brown dog is running on the beach by the ocean.
ball. tennis running a A shepherd is German dog toward	A German shepherd dog is running toward a tennis ball.
trumpet marching girl in band. a A playing	A girl playing trumpet in a marching band.
black group a dusty and sheep is white of herding road. a on dog A	A black and white dog is herding a group of sheep on a dusty road.
a grass area the sandy tufts sea. girl near A the jumps over on	A girl jumps over the grass tufts on a sandy area near the sea.
lower soccer of halves playing The two kids	The lower halves of two kids playing soccer
Several a above crowded beach. rail young people on sitting a	Several young people sitting on a rail above a crowded beach.
snow man mushing is trail dogs on his a The	The man is mushing his dogs on a snow trail
of pictures pointing something while others Woman take	Woman pointing while others take pictures of something
to leans of bird food. over The a small piece	The bird leans over to a small piece of food.
jacket wearing a person A pants and white snowboarding. pink is	A person wearing pink pants and a white jacket is snowboarding.
Yong man with Obama sign holding goatee and cellphone	Yong man with cellphone and goatee holding Obama sign
A greyhound racing.	A greyhound racing.
person a skateboard. downhill A on	A person on a downhill skateboard.
water A mouth. child with out in bathtub of coming the his	A child in the bathtub with water coming out of his mouth.
away. circle a in are walking one playing black do dogs Four is and	Four dogs are playing in a circle and one black do is walking away.
he lady on cellphone cap talking with on a a baseball	a lady with a baseball cap on talking on he cellphone
snow. are group of dogs together A in playing	A group of dogs are playing together in snow.
digging is the dog brown dirt. in The	The brown dog is digging in the dirt.
fence one are dogs a as rusty barks. behind Three	Three dogs are behind a rusty fence as one barks.
in coat A on porch a brown standing man a	A man in a brown coat standing on a porch
walks the white in A dog snow	A white dog walks in the snow
a is a man clothes pool. a black watching in making in splash a child	a man in black clothes is watching a child making a splash in a pool.
girls on Young a outfits dancing in perform stage.	Young girls in dancing outfits perform on a stage.
skateboarder on a jumping mountain background the wall with a a in	a skateboarder jumping on a wall with a mountain in the background
swimsuit. while runs boy wearing young a A blue barefoot	A young boy runs barefoot while wearing a blue swimsuit.
pants man a poster. A officers tan front talking large bottle to of security a in holding wearing	A man holding a bottle wearing tan pants talking to security officers in front of a large poster.
snow wrestle dogs fenced-in the in Two area. in a	Two dogs wrestle in the snow in a fenced-in area.
jacket red and is in tablet God a a about holding in man judgement. up blue that protest talks and a A hat	A man in a red hat and blue jacket in a protest is holding up a tablet that talks about God and judgement.
a on. the cliff girl jeep looks A red as of edge a rocky from hangs	A red jeep hangs from the edge of a rocky cliff as a girl looks on.
A a a walking taking outdoors. in is something man while suit sip of	A man in a suit is taking a sip of something while walking outdoors.
softball. girls Two game playing of a in	Two girls playing in a game of softball.
An goalkeeper yellow wearing goal. is ice hockey defending the	An ice hockey goalkeeper wearing yellow is defending the goal.
yellow. in holding is baby a person A	A person is holding a baby in yellow.
dog brown wet A water. in the gets	A brown dog gets wet in the water.
green dresses standing a front small plant. in Two girls white in large of	Two small girls in white dresses standing in front of a large green plant.
body in A a of is water. dog dark	A dark dog is in a body of water.
A with looks glasses gray and downwards. hair man	A man with gray hair and glasses looks downwards.
its dog mouth. with of out tongue A its	A dog with its tongue out of its mouth.
building. in walking brightly-colored People	People walking in brightly-colored building.
narrow down car race driving Blue road	Blue race car driving down narrow road
stage sits a assistance the A technical giving on man for performance.	A man sits on the stage giving technical assistance for a performance.
uniforms band green Two other. and girls in each are Asian facing yellow	Two Asian girls in green and yellow band uniforms are facing each other.
a A man and hugging. woman	A man and a woman hugging.
a girl is young blue on having fun in The slide.	The young girl in blue is having fun on a slide.
a ground off snow stick. to in A dog the jumping black is catch	A black dog in snow is jumping off the ground to catch a stick.
skateboarding in front the the The of black is on man the shirt building. steps	The man in the black shirt is skateboarding on the front steps of the building.
The sitting dog on of the side is the hill.	The dog is sitting on the side of the hill.
and feet while woman A pool another jumps young first watch. girl swimming a girl little into	A young girl jumps feet first into a swimming pool while another little girl and woman watch.
dinosaur The balloon next a stuck to has exhibt its tree that in a is branches.	The dinosaur exhibt is next to a tree that has a balloon stuck in its branches.
plays black wearing shorts outside. trumped and shirt blue Girl	Girl wearing blue shirt and black shorts plays trumped outside.
is A and dog course. an going obstacle white black through	A black and white dog is going through an obstacle course.
riding road. bike his gear A boy is full a wearing down paved riding	A boy wearing full riding gear is riding his bike down a paved road.
a kid cin young orange wall. climbs climbing A rock	A young kid cin orange climbs a rock climbing wall.
a guy snowboarding in is A midair. jacket red in	A guy in a red jacket is snowboarding in midair.
another dogs Two on with one grass. play the	Two dogs play with one another on the grass.
to opens and catch blue mouth its toy. dog A a yellow	A dog opens its mouth to catch a blue and yellow toy.
of uniform One another rugby holding a arm man football. grabbing the is in man a	One man in a rugby uniform is grabbing the arm of another man holding a football.
are facing the cheerleaders way. facing pom-poms, Asian silver other other performing are whilst forward waving cheerleaders Two	Two Asian cheerleaders are facing forward waving silver pom-poms, whilst other cheerleaders are performing facing the other way.
wades person. another while through guided small A child by water the being	A small child wades through the water while being guided by another person.
man a his rides on a grey pipe. in sweatshirt bicycle hooded A half	A man in a grey hooded sweatshirt rides his bicycle on a half pipe.
flies yellow gray A with the legs near bird water. large	A large gray bird with yellow legs flies near the water.
walking valley in person with walking and below. the A the stick, a mountains towards backpack	A person with a backpack and walking stick, walking towards the mountains in the valley below.
snapping at is brown dog long green strip. A short-haired a	A short-haired brown dog is snapping at a long green strip.
on sunny dogs cold a morning but running	dogs running on a cold but sunny morning
A down running hill. dog a	A dog running down a hill.
under are a that Several building looking construction. from is out people	Several people are looking out from a building that is under construction.
with snow. is a dog tan dog in A playing red	A tan dog is playing with a red dog in snow.
trudge people their water through raft. Two with the	Two people trudge through the water with their raft.
wearing man middle A is gym jersey. standing the in of a a	A man is standing in the middle of a gym wearing a jersey.
is onto jumping off a the This rock sand. of girl	This girl is jumping off of a rock onto the sand.
boy glasses stand hair young A his set wearing has to up.	A young boy wearing glasses has his hair set to stand up.
of the steps. Three children are sitting a of at flight top	Three children are sitting at the top of a flight of steps.
behind the him. red On a football a in is and field, is played a jersey crowd there	On a football field, there is a played in a red jersey and the crowd is behind him.
of Three spray boys play water. in a	Three boys play in a spray of water.
and standing A on woman beach the a bikini a in Speedo a man in	A man in a Speedo and a woman in a bikini standing on the beach
leaves boy of falls in young his A skateboard road. pile the a off into brown	A young boy falls off his skateboard into a pile of brown leaves in the road.
grass. and are running brown dogs over Three tan	Three tan and brown dogs are running over grass.
the group A dogs look in while of snow. each other standing at	A group of dogs look at each other while standing in the snow.
hit a wave by Two getting ocean kids the in	Two kids getting hit by a wave in the ocean
bearded a man rides bus	bearded man rides a bus
woman a green in outside a in and black jacket A crowd. sunglasses	A woman in a green jacket and black sunglasses outside in a crowd.
A of motorcycles black. group wearing	A group of motorcycles wearing black.
water jumping up from the being sprayed ground. through young A boy is	A young boy is jumping through water being sprayed up from the ground.
courtyard is people a with A having in his in man dress. picture ornamental taken	A man is having his picture taken in a courtyard with people in ornamental dress.
sand boy castle make girl and a	boy and girl make a sand castle
a care and infant man of body water. the side of woman an A along for	A man and woman care for an infant along the side of a body of water.
shopping purse. Woman a bag street on a with the standing and	Woman standing on the street with a shopping bag and a purse.
a dog dog black playing black and and ball A the are tan and white grass. in	A black and tan dog and a black and white dog are playing ball in the grass.
group is for in a A camera the posing of people. man front of	A man is posing for the camera in front of a group of people.
A the dog leaps small water. in	A small dog leaps in the water.
the lead in blue vest dog dog in at The the 2 number the races. is	The number 2 dog in the blue vest is in the lead at the dog races.
band water the A behind her. a of woman with playing dancing to bottle	A woman dancing with a bottle of water to the band playing behind her.
young person sandy down a a sliding hill.	a young person sliding down a sandy hill.
five Of hugging. two in police or these uniforms, men security are	Of these five men in police or security uniforms, two are hugging.
man magazine in is reading room. a sitting large the The	The man reading a magazine is sitting in the large room.
Basketball by jersey on number white, a 13 jumps with up team. wearing opposite the player number 23 ball guarded the while	Basketball player wearing a white, number 23 jersey jumps up with the ball while guarded by number 13 on the opposite team.
front a in with business. stands a A tires beard man used of	A man with a beard stands in front of a used tires business.
is shown lined up cars. with An car antique that is yellow other	An antique car that is yellow is shown lined up with other cars.
wet. brown dog is after off getting shaking A	A brown dog is shaking off after getting wet.
top at khaki are of Three a green the slide. in boys shirts and pants	Three boys in green shirts and khaki pants are at the top of a slide.
mouth. beach its carrying a on stick white is dog A a in	A white dog on a beach is carrying a stick in its mouth.
and flag the a The States United shoulder. patch has on shirt is orange mans	The mans shirt is orange and has a United States flag patch on the shoulder.
looking at same. child bangs older The small whil the drum an his doing man	The small child bangs his drum whil looking at an older man doing the same.
looking a hair long with A is man camera. through	A man with long hair is looking through a camera.
foliage Three hillside. hikers walking a dog are through on the and the	Three hikers and a dog are walking through the foliage on the hillside.
protection wearing bitten man by padded is being A arm dog. German a shepherd	A man wearing padded arm protection is being bitten by a German shepherd dog.
outfit with looking man young a at child There advertisements. a red a in is	There is a man with a young child in a red outfit looking at advertisements.
stunt with a man attempting A bicycle. a is	A man is attempting a stunt with a bicycle.
looking a photograph street in at night and scene a taken man A of the street	A photograph taken at night of a street scene and a man looking in the street
playing in A water boy some is little at waterpark. a	A little boy is playing in some water at a waterpark.
dog a tan dog chasing a day. black on is A white and sunny	A black dog is chasing a tan and white dog on a sunny day.
ocean. overlooking three A rest on a group scouts bluff boy the of	A group of three boy scouts rest on a bluff overlooking the ocean.
Kids into the pool. jumping	Kids jumping into the pool.
children of school blue uniforms. school in Group	Group of school children in blue school uniforms.
Two fight while grass. in dogs the a playing brown red ball over	Two brown dogs fight over a red ball while playing in the grass.
while a ground. A tree dog jumps by on another lays the	A dog jumps by a tree while another lays on the ground.
the rider along bmx air takes course. a	a bmx rider takes air along the course.
a down structure. A play slides in young bar girl a	A young girl slides down a bar in a play structure.
on riding yellow a A toy girl plastic car. small	A small girl riding on a yellow plastic toy car.
brown A through dog walks snow.	A brown dog walks through snow.
while over skiers spectators are and are down hill Three coming a watching.	Three skiers are coming over and down a hill while spectators are watching.
the sports team field. A on poses	A sports team poses on the field.
camera. is the is Boys, at reads, Boys Do " " wearing waving a blue Will a shirt There man who that shredded	There is a man who is wearing a shredded blue shirt that reads, " Boys Will Do Boys, " waving at the camera.
dogs to Two each other. trying bite	Two dogs trying to bite each other.
over white red, and striped a dog black pole and jumping blue white a	a black and white dog jumping over a red, white and blue striped pole
ocean the a and is with in blue playing water. splashing bucket Girls	Girls with a blue bucket is playing and splashing in the ocean water.
leaps, white dog and Frisbee. A flexible a holding brown	A brown and white dog leaps, holding a flexible Frisbee.
white a is the playing a wooden racquet. game person and uniform in with The kneepads	The person in the white uniform and kneepads is playing a game with a wooden racquet.
the in animals snow	animals in the snow
This male the a waves. is against riding surfer	This is a male surfer riding against the waves.
the jacket the through in blue The field. ran woman	The woman in the blue jacket ran through the field.
red in a tree. walks A in in branches between boy little	A little boy in red walks in between branches in a tree.
man a with girl in a striped blond black in a poses A shirt apron.	A man in a striped shirt poses with a blond girl in a black apron.
baby airport. an waiting and Woman at	Woman and baby waiting at an airport.
hangs a rocks of wooded vertical side A gigantic person the of area. in	A person hangs of the vertical side of gigantic rocks in a wooded area.
A surfs huge green man on a wave.	A man surfs on a huge green wave.
kids. adults are Kiss-costumed pushing the strollers of Kiss-costumed The the	The Kiss-costumed adults are pushing the strollers of the Kiss-costumed kids.
his A while sets. boat man the sun rows	A man rows his boat while the sun sets.
group posing smiling A together.	A smiling group posing together.
dog is ground standing that behind is brown by wooden sniffing a a a the cow fence.	a brown dog is sniffing the ground by a cow that is standing behind a wooden fence.
young a magizine in hands blond a her with girl	a young blond girl with a magizine in her hands
embraces mother's coat. red A its child	A child embraces its mother's red coat.
wooden People wall dog a a grass a field. in as scales watch	People watch as a dog scales a wooden wall in a grass field.
in Two playing the snow. dogs	Two dogs playing in the snow.
waves. above floating a People in boat	People in a boat floating above waves.
of shoulder the racetrack. sit Two motocross the riders on	Two motocross riders sit on the shoulder of the racetrack.
woman attending in of another A the the snow. boots	A woman attending the boots of another in the snow.
green carrying a a dots with handle. a box little with dress is girl A blue in	A little girl in a green dress with blue dots is carrying a box with a handle.
playing brown in water and carrying and long mouth. are A dog and black stick the one the black is in brown its a a	A brown and a black and brown dog are playing in the water and the black one is carrying a long stick in its mouth.
into A air. swordsman Japanese jumps the	A Japanese swordsman jumps into the air.
van gathered a at painted A family	A family gathered at a painted van
play field Men hockey.	Men play field hockey.
holding dressed in with orange, another. green, yellow, and one hands people, Three	Three people, dressed in green, orange, and yellow, holding hands with one another.
across in is A of girl white front skipping road a the truck.	A girl is skipping across the road in front of a white truck.
in to Three are dogs up water. their necks	Three dogs are up to their necks in water.
stick A very the through big carries dog water. a	A dog carries a very big stick through the water.
girl A in field. standing grassy young a	A young girl standing in a grassy field.
photo baby being a a takes A man. a held by of woman	A woman takes a photo of a baby being held by a man.
go-karts. for boy is little A in standing line	A little boy is standing in line for go-karts.
a nose a motorcyclist wheelie. does	a motorcyclist does a nose wheelie.
a of red Two at night embrace outside a in brightly-lit car city. people	Two people embrace outside of a red car at night in a brightly-lit city.
dance family beach a by on Friends and vehicles. their	Friends and family dance on a beach by their vehicles.
black snow. deep in walking dog and brown A	A black and brown dog walking in deep snow.
on Two a men rock jumping wall	Two men jumping on a rock wall
the on is carrying wet a ocean. A of brown shore dog stick the	A brown dog is carrying a wet stick on the shore of the ocean.
the their dirt. are shown as dogs with backsides dig and Two tails only they in	Two dogs are shown with only their tails and backsides as they dig in the dirt.
man a A and Groucho woman pose disguises. with Marx	A woman and a man pose with Groucho Marx disguises.
brown three towards running A other dog dogs. is	A brown dog is running towards three other dogs.
green grass. lush across The runs dog the	The dog runs across the green lush grass.
dog collar little path. with a brown a is being blue walked along a	a little brown dog with a blue collar is being walked along a path.
of playing P. small A letter with " cut-outs " is child the	A small child is playing with cut-outs of the letter " P. "
older group their marine-life-themed outside under sitting umbrella. A are of people	A group of older people are sitting outside under their marine-life-themed umbrella.
racer on Bike number racetrack. 661 dirt wrecks	Bike racer number 661 wrecks on dirt racetrack.
slides a bright slide. boy corkscrew little A red down	A little boy slides down a bright red corkscrew slide.
a people are seated table Two with at drinks	Two people are seated at a table with drinks
a street people busy at are on Many walking night.	Many people are walking on a busy street at night.
looks a lady surprised.	a lady looks surprised.
with toy. a the red The is street on sitting child playing	The child is sitting on the street playing with a red toy.
hiker a hiking mountain. A on using snowy poles	A hiker using hiking poles on a snowy mountain.
is an boy on a girl inflatable A ring him and jumping watching is	A boy is jumping on an inflatable ring and a girl is watching him
around A walking people the man a in holding with background. sign	A man holding a sign with people walking around in the background.
little snow next green the dog to A in toy. his sits	A little dog sits in the snow next to his green toy.
woman A the swinging a tennis racket on court.	A woman swinging a tennis racket on the court.
a wearing in is a standing headphones shirt front roped in A boy kitchen of red off	A boy in a red shirt wearing headphones is standing in front of a roped off kitchen
yellow gallery. a girl at bag photo looking is pictures a carrying a in	a girl carrying a yellow bag is looking at pictures in a photo gallery.
lone mountain jumpy snowy a a on the in snowboarder air	a lone snowboarder jumpy in the air on a snowy mountain
smiling A pig in woman dressed costume. holds person a a	A smiling woman holds a person dressed in a pig costume.
are watching and men into women soldiers tent Two a them. with going	Two soldiers are going into a tent with men and women watching them.
three people near walking rocks on a stream	three people walking on rocks near a stream
is looking the A perched top. tree a dog up at against	A dog is perched up against a tree looking at the top.
wearing on pink Girl jacket black skateboard	Girl on pink skateboard wearing black jacket
masters their a trail. dirt gather on and Dogs	Dogs and their masters gather on a dirt trail.
the dog, on a and field, white camera. black green barking at A	A black and white dog, on a green field, barking at the camera.
the skateboarder flies A off stairs.	A skateboarder flies off the stairs.
boy and man Smiling standing in a yard.	Smiling man and boy standing in a yard.
is while A at her off looking ceiling the taking hat. woman	A woman is looking at the ceiling while taking off her hat.
white shorts tennis. man shirt playing A orange and a in	A man in a orange shirt and white shorts playing tennis.
cliff. People a climb trying at to distance a	People at a distance trying to climb a cliff.
on are Four sitting men wave. the under young a beach crashing	Four young men are sitting on the beach under a crashing wave.
boys a in running barrel. are metal Two	Two boys are running in a metal barrel.
down sidewalk. Man with fast walking the coffee hand in	Man walking fast with coffee in hand down the sidewalk.
A hits jacket baseball. in blue boy little a a	A little boy in a blue jacket hits a baseball.
horn faces, their a with handkerchiefs one blow wearing Two over people	Two people wearing handkerchiefs over their faces, one with a blow horn
small is playing A arcade game. a racing boy	A small boy is playing a racing arcade game.
water. running A dog black through	A black dog running through water.
jump down dog knoll running to water the is black the below. grassy The in	The black dog is running down the grassy knoll to jump in the water below.
jumps does A and bike the air trick. dirt rider into a	A dirt bike rider jumps into the air and does a trick.
on bench her. girl shirt with sitting in A is next dog a a white to park a	A girl in a white shirt is sitting on a park bench with a dog next to her.
is out after A by towel. of and is coming a the girl pool covered cold	A girl is cold after coming out of the pool and is covered by a towel.
on dog on back lies a his A road.	A dog lies on his back on a road.
a birds of mural building. flock A chinese past a on flying	A flock of birds flying past a chinese mural on a building.
bird large A over white swoops water.	A large white bird swoops over water.
in 8, a a running race. wearing number dog, A	A dog, wearing a number 8, running in a race.
stick a a shaggy A field. grassy through carries dog	A shaggy dog carries a stick through a grassy field.
for are while picture. posing Two standing a a railing, men by	Two men are standing by a railing, while posing for a picture.
a in jackets raft. boys float on Three life	Three boys in life jackets float on a raft.
Two field. dogs a sandy play in	Two dogs play in a sandy field.
his game in a of rugby. opponent player A tackling	A player tackling his opponent in a game of rugby.
sideways the player air leaps in to kick soccer the ball. A	A soccer player leaps sideways in the air to kick the ball.
dog ball. runs dog who carrying another is black black after a A	A black dog runs after another black dog who is carrying a ball.
boy runs a young race. in A	A young boy runs in a race.
football Closeup # player 25. of	Closeup of football player # 25.
A a dog and war tug toy. dog a playing black brown of are with	A brown dog and a black dog are playing tug of war with a toy.
pink field people throw a on the hoop. of group gather grass A and	A group of people gather on the grass field and throw a pink hoop.
small rides town bicycle very fair. small A a man in a	A man rides a very small bicycle in a small town fair.
many jump over dogs fence. a	many dogs jump over a fence.
shirt tattoo backpack has and in The her woman on a the green back. striped	The woman in the green striped shirt and backpack has a tattoo on her back.
waterfall a belaying A down man	A man belaying down a waterfall
test. dog agility A a and black in bar over white jumps an	A black and white dog jumps over a bar in an agility test.
in person near rocks a A floats water and waterfall.	A person floats in water near rocks and a waterfall.
on runs yellow sweater a grass. Brown in dog pink	Brown dog in a pink sweater runs on yellow grass.
laying a on black down the and of dog gnawing brown and stick. end A	A brown and black dog laying down and gnawing on the end of a stick.
a dog wooly looks toward on dog A another the in beach water.	A wooly dog on a beach looks toward another dog in the water.
seat. girl the in The is sleeping	The girl is sleeping in the seat.
climbing up harness. a with a rope is girl ladder A	A girl is climbing up a rope ladder with a harness.
its dog on on back grass. rolling The the grey is	The grey dog is rolling on its back on the grass.
watches in man a pink. child small A	A man watches a small child in pink.
2 One covered is child white black children down a hill walking their snow while in in are on knees.	One child in black is walking down a hill covered in white snow while 2 children are on their knees.
men Two wearing sunglasses.	Two men wearing sunglasses.
a passing and An a girl. wearing bandanna Ambulance is man	An Ambulance is passing a man wearing a bandanna and girl.
hurdle. black dog jumping over and white A a	A black and white dog jumping over a hurdle.
a camouflage motorcycle steers some across wearing stones. A man	A man wearing camouflage steers a motorcycle across some stones.
wearing canoe a woman dog orange lake a in with jacket behind her an sitting a on a	a woman wearing an orange jacket sitting in a canoe on a lake with a dog behind her
of making group 5 A different people expressions.	A group of 5 people making different expressions.
the youngster in park. playing A	A youngster playing in the park.
as emotionally room spectate. The youths reacts they full of	The room full of youths reacts emotionally as they spectate.
boy in A turning a yard. his somersault	A boy turning a somersault in his yard.
that ball catch attempting red towards The is in coming is little a soccer to him. boy trunks	The little boy in red trunks is attempting to catch a soccer ball that is coming towards him.
a person with racket. hits ball A a tennis	A person hits a ball with a tennis racket.
into dog off is the a dock. black water jumping A	A black dog is jumping into the water off a dock.
making in couple Interracial bed faces	Interracial couple in bed making faces
man red is ATV rugged up driving hill. a a a	a man is driving a red ATV up a rugged hill.
gear parasails. in man A black swimming	A man in black swimming gear parasails.
Two frowning head and their scarves wearing faces. Muslim woman	Two Muslim woman wearing their head scarves and frowning faces.
shot another playing girl A girl a basketball attempts defends while aggresively her.	A girl playing basketball attempts a shot while another girl aggresively defends her.
with pole sitting is him. The shirt man in a in front the on rock a white of	The man in the white shirt is sitting on a rock with a pole in front of him.
a A green slide. down blue slides girl in all	A girl in all blue slides down a green slide.
girls little together. Two outfits wearing pink dance	Two little girls wearing pink outfits dance together.
wave ocean. a surfs A man in huge the over	A man surfs over a huge wave in the ocean.
of feet group area. pedestrians of an a urban The in	The feet of a group of pedestrians in an urban area.
sit people rocks. a Two in the near river shallow	Two people sit in a shallow river near the rocks.
to how a bike dad. boy young The ride learns with his	The young boy learns how to ride a bike with his dad.
the a on from woman tattoo A walks her away with camera. back	A woman with a tattoo on her back walks away from the camera.
in man a sitting a book. reading An old chair,	An old man sitting in a chair, reading a book.
on woman A carrier bus paper a hanging with a a bag sitting on	A woman sitting on a bus with a paper bag hanging on a carrier
the dogs park. in Two play	Two dogs play in the park.
doing is a jeans handstand the woman wearing on A beach.	A woman wearing jeans is doing a handstand on the beach.
suits bikes Three silver city. people in riding are the in	Three people in silver suits are riding bikes in the city.
a stands behind a woman him. paper while from eating is A cone man	A man is eating from a paper cone while a woman stands behind him.
his is the body behind twisting A him. midair, person with around graffiti a handlebars, on bike	A person on a bike is midair, twisting his body around the handlebars, with graffiti behind him.
no with perform for entertainers Acrobatic spectators. shirts	Acrobatic entertainers with no shirts perform for spectators.
walking in in snow. colorful clothing A the family	A family in colorful clothing walking in the snow.
against children and group a smile. A building of stand	A group of children stand against a building and smile.
A a young with green walking street. woman busy hat in the is	A young woman with a green hat is walking in the busy street.
along running dog The brown grassy is pathway. a	The brown dog is running along a grassy pathway.
railway with along The walking man little girl the is a track. blue dress a in	The little girl in the blue dress is walking with a man along a railway track.
a dog is river in a duck a chasing white	a white dog in a river is chasing a duck
Three on racing skates. ice people	Three people racing on ice skates.
left her girl raising a and smiling arm	a girl smiling and raising her left arm
hold beach stand have out that Two on sticks long the and people each end. flames on	Two people stand out on the beach and hold long sticks that have flames on each end.
dives A hotel. into the swimming man pool a at	A man dives into a swimming pool at the hotel.
man leaps beach. to on young the The serve the volleyball	The young man leaps to serve the volleyball on the beach.
dog lake. black into jumping A a	A black dog jumping into a lake.
up between in man sign. black a two A trees holding standing jacket a is	A man in a black jacket is standing between two trees holding up a sign.
A sunlight. white in a and dog brown carpet relaxes on	A brown and white dog relaxes on a carpet in sunlight.
its A ramp a down past dog trainer. runs	A dog runs down a ramp past its trainer.
A baby down. mans face touches he the while lying is	A baby touches the mans face while he is lying down.
Someone snowy tent near pitched mountain. of peaking a is dome out a	Someone is peaking out of a dome tent pitched near a snowy mountain.
through running a dog Black grassy area.	Black dog running through a grassy area.
a airborne in above mountains. is yellow the A jacket skier	A skier in a yellow jacket is airborne above the mountains.
a background and against smile. A man woman pink	A man and woman against a pink background smile.
crowd jacket man is staring and white blue sport A sport nearby. with a with hat	A man with a blue sport hat and white sport jacket is staring with crowd nearby.
of shaking dog after water. out A the is coming	A dog is shaking after coming out of the water.
A over jumps tiger brown dog. black and a pitbull striped	A tiger striped pitbull jumps over a black and brown dog.
chow huskey. jumps A on a	A chow jumps on a huskey.
Asian Two girls field. are flower in sitting a	Two Asian girls are sitting in a flower field.
children fountain a playing in	children playing in a fountain
that is A little down. a petting laying tiger boy is	A little boy is petting a tiger that is laying down.
through of A runs field flowers. dog a grassy yellow	A dog runs through a grassy field of yellow flowers.
swing riding in playground. a Little green boy on	Little boy riding on green swing in a playground.
The is the black in digging dog snow. large	The large black dog is digging in the snow.
sitting its spreading wings water bird white in	white bird sitting in water spreading its wings
rides A grass man wooded through in a some bicycle his area.	A man rides his bicycle through some grass in a wooded area.
Two and leather man a a to scarf. Gothic makeup posing jacket in red are women next in	Two women in Gothic makeup are posing next to a man in a leather jacket and red scarf.
on a running people beach. Two	Two people running on a beach.
background. of by skinny on A in with a girl a rides lot bike people the	A skinny girl rides by on a bike with a lot of people in the background.
a crowd line into game. large to people wait football get in of A	A large crowd of people wait in line to get into a football game.
an the woman sandy on rocky object beach. and A chews a is holding dog	A dog chews an object a woman is holding on the rocky and sandy beach.
tape, his wearing cape. with A painters brother superman a in leg covered his boy little	A little boy with his leg covered in painters tape, his brother wearing a superman cape.
shamrocks. and Three of women plenty green wearing	Three women wearing plenty of green and shamrocks.
the and in a laughs. boys Little air a points while gun pink girl little watches	Little boys points a pink gun in the air while a little girl watches and laughs.
Two card. holding a and smiling kids	Two kids smiling and holding a card.
with A and dogs group playing in balls. of water toys	A group of dogs in water playing with toys and balls.
on rock with hands. outstretched Man standing	Man standing on rock with outstretched hands.
door. near Two stand woman a	Two woman stand near a door.
drak outfits in campfire men a around	men in drak outfits around a campfire
Vuitton window. Louis looks a at clothes in woman A store	A woman looks at clothes in a Louis Vuitton store window.
library standing women community Two outside	Two women standing outside community library
clothes. dancers Three housekeeping dancing in	Three dancers dancing in housekeeping clothes.
motorcycle. a popping a wearing jacket wheelie and red his on motorcyclist white a	a motorcyclist wearing a red and white jacket popping a wheelie on his motorcycle.
as it monitoring A luggage. plays a nearby with baby woman	A woman monitoring a baby as it plays with nearby luggage.
his dog in black holding is bird A a mouth.	A black dog is holding a bird in his mouth.
man A bodysuit in blue surfing. a	A man in a blue bodysuit surfing.
playing together Two are dogs	Two dogs are playing together
jumping between and legs. Skateboarder in air his is his skateboard	Skateboarder jumping in air and his skateboard is between his legs.
mud puddle. in playing A a boy	A boy playing in a mud puddle.
oout swimming the wearing a up of jumping young pool man goggles	a young man wearing swimming goggles jumping up oout of the pool
the pedestrian purple the walking The man is on shirt who towards in is the policeman crossing. standing	The man in the purple shirt is walking towards the policeman who is standing on the pedestrian crossing.
their heads rope jumping child their small A other as nearby. children clap hands over	A small child jumping rope as other children clap their hands over their heads nearby.
Do she A cross green presses woman a Walk button the Not road. the jacket can in so	A woman in a green jacket presses the Do Not Walk button so she can cross the road.
to on a A the bat grass. boy head baseball his holds green young	A young boy holds his head to a baseball bat on the green grass.
pool swimming white and the dog A black in	A black and white dog swimming in the pool
in children cardboard their stick Two head scenery. of holes	Two children stick their head in holes of cardboard scenery.
a in A digging dog the hole is dirt	A dog is digging a hole in the dirt
light on shoreline. blonde dog running the is A	A light blonde dog is running on the shoreline.
for photos each pose the The in girls park. other playfully for	The girls playfully pose for photos for each other in the park.
A man gear. rock without climbing is	A man is rock climbing without gear.
Two rock waterfall. a a at are climbing face men	Two men are climbing a rock face at a waterfall.
in the dressed at leather A a man with camera. red smiling bandanna black is	A man dressed in black leather with a red bandanna is smiling at the camera.
in Two wrestling grass dogs the	Two dogs wrestling in the grass
on A with a water. green boat roof	A boat with a roof on green water.
mouth. in carries A a its dog stick	A dog carries a stick in its mouth.
luggage against sitting female in jeans with blue a wall A	A female in blue jeans sitting with luggage against a wall
on dancing her young pink floor balloons. in A socks with strewn a wooden girl	A young girl dancing in her socks on a wooden floor strewn with pink balloons.
of Golden litter female puppies. newborn feeding dog	Golden female dog feeding newborn litter of puppies.
a a playing in on gym playground A boy jungle is	A boy is playing in a jungle gym on a playground
the dog. toddler white little is A petting	A toddler is petting the little white dog.
playing on shore. dogs the Two	Two dogs playing on the shore.
in dog A pond. a swimming	A dog swimming in a pond.
is and muddy A utility vehicle deep sport through driving water.	A sport utility vehicle is driving through deep and muddy water.
yellow muscular pants. man in A	A muscular man in yellow pants.
shrubbery. in a the down on path jumping area A person unicycle beautiful surrounded by a	A person on a unicycle jumping down the path in a beautiful area surrounded by shrubbery.
ramp. wooden The the runs dog down	The dog runs down the wooden ramp.
a A over jumping at dog agility a is competition. barrier	A dog is jumping over a barrier at a agility competition.
in a white dark a man dress haired a black woman and and space. black shirt sweater small bearded A dress in in a white and	A dark haired bearded man in a white dress shirt and black sweater and a woman in a black and white dress in a small space.
together walk people day. Two a on cold	Two people walk together on a cold day.
pool. toddler board a holds a over man a a on	a man holds a toddler on a board over a pool.
rolling onto on holding rack holds coat Man shopping seated a that a bag train,	Man seated on train, holding onto a rolling coat rack that holds a shopping bag
a elderly stroller woman An pushing	An elderly woman pushing a stroller
pile A colorful of balls. girl a is playing	A girl playing is a pile of colorful balls.
hockey a falls his A field match. on in face blue player during	A player in blue falls on his face during a field hockey match.
doing skateboard a shorts boy trick. in A	A boy in shorts doing a skateboard trick.
backpacker A advertisements in snowsuit and a man red child Pooh and a McDonalds. and read near black hat with a a coat	A man in a black coat and hat and a child with a red snowsuit and Pooh backpacker read advertisements near a McDonalds.
something. watching old An down man sitting	An old man sitting down watching something.
splashing dogs Three brown black in water. and are the	Three brown and black dogs are splashing in the water.
is while distance on into grass. the A dry brown standing dog staring	A brown dog is staring into the distance while standing on dry grass.
pursued player football A another by being player. a with football is	A football player with a football is being pursued by another player.
in fair. at people of costume A group renaissance a	A group of people in costume at a renaissance fair.
the jumps air. skateboarder into a	a skateboarder jumps into the air.
on grass. few ball stands feet black dog from a away a white soccer A	A black dog stands a few feet away from a white soccer ball on grass.
child at a being smiling is while by small A smiling the adult. held camera	A small child is smiling at the camera while being held by a smiling adult.
as beach in her three walks line. a along woman A the follow children	A woman walks along the beach as three children follow her in a line.
Frisbee. catch dog leaping The a is to brown	The brown dog is leaping to catch a Frisbee.
trick in front trees. of jumping Bicyclist doing	Bicyclist doing jumping trick in front of trees.
dirt in high on bike, the a near air, Someone building. a	Someone on a dirt bike, high in the air, near a building.
a over Dog jumps and log. carries stick	Dog carries stick and jumps over a log.
dog a jumps and field. leash white black on an A orange in	A black and white dog on an orange leash jumps in a field.
wood on other Two with a dogs play each floor.	Two dogs play with each other on a wood floor.
Two in snow. dogs playing	Two dogs playing in snow.
atop below. a seen from cyclists Two hill as	Two cyclists atop a hill as seen from below.
herbs at browse greenhouse. People for a	People browse for herbs at a greenhouse.
Two a soft turn are making beach. on sand dogs a	Two dogs are making a turn on a soft sand beach.
front in building. men of stand large a two	two men stand in front of a large building.
behind grass a the of on standing people near are bicycles body sitting water. two Two	Two bicycles are standing behind two people sitting on the grass near a body of water.
in A standing a in front woman green costume topless of a breasts. is with woman painted	A woman in a green costume is standing in front of a topless woman with painted breasts.
smokes in black a basement. A in cigarette man a	A man in black smokes a cigarette in a basement.
lean white makes of through brown and a patch A way snow. its dog	A lean white and brown dog makes its way through a patch of snow.
in dog running mountains. trail the on A a	A dog running on a trail in the mountains.
next to laying pole. Two metal are street on brown dogs the a	Two brown dogs are laying on the street next to a metal pole.
a in young the rink ice hockey playing player	a young hockey player playing in the ice rink
background. the red collar dog cats and a in run beige with a dog near pool with white A a	A white dog with a red collar and a beige dog run near a pool with cats in the background.
the in dog on collar a grass. A multicolor crouching red	A multicolor dog in a red collar crouching on the grass.
water in front bushes two fall. by people The of of and a stand in body	The two people stand by a body of water and in front of bushes in fall.
A jump. bicyclist doing a	A bicyclist doing a jump.
is A biking a man hill. on	A man is biking on a hill.
in red going A girl purple shirt little down a slide. a	A little girl in a red shirt going down a purple slide.
trees. riding A to next green canoe lake is person a on a in	A person is riding in a canoe on a lake next to green trees.
boy down while A on. a rope slides smiling hanging	A smiling boy slides down a rope while hanging on.
a on A skateboard boy ramp.	A boy on a skateboard ramp.
skateboard. man a A shirtless rides	A shirtless man rides a skateboard.
car drives mostly A down a dirt road. blue	A blue car drives down a mostly dirt road.
young a pizza. A cap smiles next in sign knit woman for to a	A young woman in a knit cap smiles next to a sign for pizza.
blue umbrella. is The the kid under	The kid is under the blue umbrella.
toy black a snow. the carries The brown in and purple dog	The black and brown dog carries a purple toy in the snow.
rides a two A wearing wheel helmet child bike. a bike young	A young child wearing a bike helmet rides a two wheel bike.
cushion. child in red clothes a gray sleeping is on A	A child in gray clothes is sleeping on a red cushion.
playing very old on are boys architectural Two structures.	Two boys are playing on very old architectural structures.
biker shaded through racing a A mountain is trail.	A mountain biker is racing through a shaded trail.
A trashcan the a snowmobile. in on jumping is a riding a snowboard person over air	A person riding a snowboard is in the air jumping over a trashcan on a snowmobile.
man's young frosting A is boy young a licking off colored face.	A young boy is licking colored frosting off a young man's face.
is ball A in little the a blue yard. holding boy	A little boy is holding a blue ball in the yard.
hill. snowy A snowboarding person down a	A person snowboarding down a snowy hill.
outdoors. in winter A wear walks woman dressed	A woman dressed in winter wear walks outdoors.
ball. smiling bouncy yellow a on Two sit girls	Two smiling girls sit on a yellow bouncy ball.
riding bike. A person dirt a	A person riding a dirt bike.
of and man at the together. A stairs top cement stand woman	A man and woman stand at the top of cement stairs together.
car in race pits. A the sits	A race car sits in the pits.
one look at another Two outside. dogs	Two dogs look at one another outside.
tackled. trying is to avoid player young The football being	The young football player is trying to avoid being tackled.
purple her a shirt. red woman while wearing is sunglasses shirt and friend wears The an orange	The woman is wearing a purple shirt and red sunglasses while her friend wears an orange shirt.
his stopped by boy bike A bike trail a woman as on on passes a	A boy stopped on his bike on a bike trail as a woman passes by
of University and three football in fans of Oklahoma to Sooners front crowd referees. next players a	Oklahoma University football players in front of a crowd of Sooners fans and next to three referees.
woman woman swing a on another ball, waiting in A whilst yellow taking the bat a with a strip at brown is is baseball sideline. a	A woman in a brown strip is taking a swing with a baseball bat at a yellow ball, whilst another woman is waiting on the sideline.
leans vat. over a A child	A child leans over a vat.
a the on trampoline mini water tossing sitting in woman bottle air. a A	A woman sitting on a mini trampoline tossing a water bottle in the air.
is in graffiti older walking sidewalk. business on city, attire visible Two text men the in are a	Two older men in business attire are walking in a city, text graffiti is visible on the sidewalk.
man band. guitar played in The the	The man played guitar in the band.
standing dog on road. the and a of Group little girls	Group of little girls and a dog standing on the road.
play Frisbee. ultimate kids	kids play ultimate Frisbee.
A man a furnace. operating	A man operating a furnace.
a A from other guard the red in child uniform a side looks fence at of	A child looks at a guard in red uniform from the other side of a fence
shirt orange tennis an lining A his strike up to player ball. the racquet in is	A tennis player in an orange shirt is lining up his racquet to strike the ball.
a people mural. street Many on work brightly-colored	Many people work on a brightly-colored street mural.
woman a cheeseburger walking the beside sidewalk advertisement. down A	A woman walking down the sidewalk beside a cheeseburger advertisement.
kids the The playing playground. two at are	The two kids are playing at the playground.
public transportation. while woman on reads A	A woman reads while on public transportation.
a whilst hood brown with wooden children is room in green in look a shorts a girl wearing floored on. other a boy dancing	a boy in brown shorts is dancing with a girl wearing a green hood in a wooden floored room whilst other children look on.
Three together dogs out checking fountain. are outdoors a	Three dogs are together outdoors checking out a fountain.
are and stick. area a running Two is long one through grassy dogs carrying wet, a	Two dogs are running through a wet, grassy area and one is carrying a long stick.
it takes A a a boy in donkey a cart pulling with brake.	A donkey pulling a cart with a boy in it takes a brake.
of with A in man is a mouth wearing. coat dog its a a sleeve	A dog with a sleeve in its mouth of a coat a man is wearing.
another him jumps lying over while one down dog	one dog lying down while another jumps over him
of material. in orange a green girl is outfit with little playing The the piece	The little girl in the green outfit is playing with a piece of orange material.
a haired river. through a brown long walking dog	a long brown haired dog walking through a river.
dog on from a course. canvas blue is tunnel obstacle an emerging white A	A white dog is emerging from a blue canvas tunnel on an obstacle course.
blue A runs dog through a white large tube.	A white dog runs through a large blue tube.
ride two together The while the on sightseeing. bicycle girls	The two girls ride together on the bicycle while sightseeing.
along walks marsh's black dog A a edge.	A black dog walks along a marsh's edge.
the The leaps in park. dog over fence the	The dog leaps over the fence in the park.
play. Performers a performing	Performers performing a play.
to catch to dog attempt the Frisbee. leaps The	The dog leaps to attempt to catch the Frisbee.
the Rugby player toss to in ready ball. red gets	Rugby player in red gets ready to toss the ball.
she stands woman skyward as A pointing her brick on long wall. camera with a hair	A woman with long hair pointing her camera skyward as she stands on a brick wall.
audience. and before performing man a is clown a dressed as	a man dressed as a clown is performing before and audience.
A of on friends sit rocks for group picture. and pose a	A group of friends sit on rocks and pose for a picture.
with man bowls a ball. bowling red A	A man bowls with a red bowling ball.
dirt. on white running A dog	A white dog running on dirt.
baseball uniform at a A game. and plays a white catcher in red	A catcher in a red and white uniform plays at a baseball game.
a bites A white the dog grass. dog on black	A black dog bites a white dog on the grass.
rocky while on photographs men standing the a shore, Two are one other.	Two men are standing on a rocky shore, while one photographs the other.
A the surfer close of at the distance in to base is the wave shore. the	A surfer in the distance is at the base of the wave close to the shore.
walking a a grafitti image Two in of of car. front men	Two men walking in front of a grafitti image of a car.
jumps the his blue on gray brown in A Spiderman young boy and couch outfit.	A young boy jumps on the brown couch in his gray and blue Spiderman outfit.
pool. a boy in smiling floats A	A smiling boy floats in a pool.
in suits Two kids hugging. bathing	Two kids in bathing suits hugging.
! of " face an front " making boy bay. oh A a in	A boy making an " oh ! " face in front of a bay.
waters on the the edge shore. Three walking away dogs of	Three dogs walking away on the waters edge of the shore.
man at A his cooking campsite. food	A man cooking food at his campsite.
A walks girl crowd in a dress of blue people. through a	A girl in a blue dress walks through a crowd of people.
the in hides bushes. A dog	A dog hides in the bushes.
a jumps with female A dwelling. legs spread and near arms	A female jumps with arms and legs spread near a dwelling.
the A and in girl a air only in little being necklace socks is and tossed caught.	A little girl in only socks and a necklace is being tossed in the air and caught.
bungee from being watched above jumping man him. platform by a is A whilst someone	A man is bungee jumping from a platform whilst being watched by someone above him.
over high pillows. some White jumping dog	White dog high jumping over some pillows.
carries its in white mouth. ball a white dog A	A white dog carries a white ball in its mouth.
black the woman. a fingers of biting Small dog	Small black dog biting the fingers of a woman.
on the seagulls from running away People beach.	People running away from seagulls on the beach.
man. a man on A takedown performing dressed a maneuver similarly uniformed military	A military uniformed man performing a takedown maneuver on a similarly dressed man.
tour older guide. being outdoor tour of with people lead group are on an an A	A group of people are being lead on an outdoor tour with an older tour guide.
face kitchen making holding and A utensils threatening boy a	A boy holding kitchen utensils and making a threatening face
leaping the up in as air compete in dogs race. a Three they	Three dogs leaping up in the air as they compete in a race.
woman playing A tennis.	A woman playing tennis.
skate midair A is man a at park. in	A man is in midair at a skate park.
on splashed his boy water being head A by little	A little boy being splashed by water on his head
the of water leaving A big flies out a white splash. bird	A big white bird flies out of the water leaving a splash.
A walks and in water. of brown body large dog black shallows a of the	A black and brown dog walks in the shallows of a large body of water.
a rock face. sheet Man climbing	Man climbing a sheet rock face.
of dark is equipment. a haired piece plastic in play inside blue shirt gold boy a A	A dark haired boy in a gold shirt is inside a piece of blue plastic play equipment.
a a soccer the A ball throws boy in soccer game. sidelines from	A boy throws a soccer ball from the sidelines in a soccer game.
little yellow shirt swings watches. girl little A in girl with green a while a	A little girl with a yellow shirt swings while a little girl in green watches.
women a bright dresses competition. wearing in are Several	Several women wearing bright dresses are in a competition.
A onto holding rope. kind some to strapped a boy does a while with feet board of his trick	A boy with a board strapped to his feet does a trick while holding onto some kind of rope.
splashes running Dog across water.	Dog splashes running across water.
small brown pole. A dog and horizontal white over jumping a is	A small white and brown dog is jumping over a horizontal pole.
A woman face a paint applies mirror. while with Mohawk boy a holds a	A woman applies face paint while a boy with a Mohawk holds a mirror.
at wall a snowboarder his night. covered off graffiti board A rides	A snowboarder rides his board off a graffiti covered wall at night.
is from standing is puppy, blonde adult who a stuffed dog beside trying A a the blonde to animal get dog.	A blonde dog is standing beside a blonde puppy, who is trying to get a stuffed animal from the adult dog.
A air. a outfit in blue in swinging the sword a is man	A man in a blue outfit is swinging a sword in the air.
in crowd. Two in a off of the are football position player kick front	Two football player are in the kick off position in front of a crowd.
eyes subject in next tulips. garden photographer his a A of	A photographer eyes his next subject in a garden of tulips.
red has trail. A that behind left airplane a	A red airplane that has left behind a trail.
a with his A jump skis makes skier crossed.	A skier makes a jump with his skis crossed.
lioness A horns. animal a black with chases	A lioness chases a black animal with horns.
in colorful on. a person blue the The jacket has helmet	The person in the blue jacket has a colorful helmet on.
makes a jump A a a dirt race. bike in uniform man in red	A man in a red uniform makes a jump in a dirt bike race.
poses a man A near mountain.	A man poses near a mountain.
the parasailing A as sets. is sun person	A person is parasailing as the sun sets.
dog beach. a is shallow and in water running tan A on white	A white and tan dog is running in shallow water on a beach.
way black pushing A carrying in the his rugby through whilst player player a ball. red is in	A rugby player in black is pushing his way through a player in red whilst carrying the ball.
zips A beach. the along dog	A dog zips along the beach.
a silver stands with large at woman A food bag counter. a	A woman with a large silver bag stands at a food counter.
People with dirt on hill black balloons climbing them	People with black balloons on them climbing dirt hill
A the man rock face. to of a side clings	A man clings to the side of a rock face.
basketball. american shirt bounces Boy flag with	Boy with american flag shirt bounces basketball.
dogs with side. with brown laying the grass, playing on other are dog on Two each its one	Two brown dogs are playing with each other on the grass, with one dog laying on its side.
her in dressed adult is gear staring steady. holds up and baby while an A pink	A baby is dressed up in pink gear and staring while an adult holds her steady.
is collar green and brown and the at in looking something. dog white a spotted in water A	A brown and white spotted dog in a green collar is in the water and looking at something.
a beneath a A pipe along grinds fire escape. skateboarder	A skateboarder grinds along a pipe beneath a fire escape.
little playground. on a A boy playing	A little boy playing on a playground.
back. in the jumping street a the with kids car blue Four on	Four kids jumping on the street with a blue car in the back.
man ocean woman in left. to walking A the large a with fishing is the	A man is fishing in the ocean with a large woman walking to the left.
air. yellow for Two dogs the Frisbee flies it as through reach a	Two dogs reach for a yellow Frisbee as it flies through the air.
for a wrestle toy. three dogs	three dogs wrestle for a toy.
picks flowers with a a dress white it. on girl The field, flowers in blonde little wearing	The blonde little girl picks flowers in a field, wearing a white dress with flowers on it.
a and blue dogs play over Two ball. fight	Two dogs play and fight over a blue ball.
out dog jumping water The brown the is of	The brown dog is jumping out of the water
of with water black next a water, muzzle dog a off brown shaking a its to A with in stick mouth. body	A black dog with a brown muzzle next to a body of water, shaking off water with a stick in its mouth.
a beige of in People front building. story five	People in front of a beige five story building.
A blue skiing downhill. man in	A man in blue skiing downhill.
girl smiles as slides she little sunny day. a down tube on A a	A little girl smiles as she slides down a tube on a sunny day.
a forest. in in over dog mouth a with A stick jumps his fallen the tree	A dog with a stick in his mouth jumps over a fallen tree in the forest.
guy a a trick while ramp skateboarder doing looks of off a is A on.	A skateboarder is doing a trick off of a ramp while a guy looks on.
across running is dog gravel. The the	The dog is running across the gravel.
outside standing together. are A kids of group	A group of kids are standing outside together.
in growling snow brown and a dog the white	a brown and white dog growling in the snow
man snow a scarf red a black hat jacket in furry and a the with wearing a	a man in the snow wearing a furry hat and a black jacket with a red scarf
from ride are great drops height. a that you People a in	People are in a ride that drops you from a great height.
in Two running field dogs a white	Two white dogs running in a field
in the black dog swims water. A	A black dog swims in the water.
Two a children adult and tree to standing an limb. next	Two children and an adult standing next to a tree limb.
walking the grass. terrier Yorkshire in	Yorkshire terrier walking in the grass.
off boy jumping A chair a young	A young boy jumping off a chair
Men game. baseball participate a in	Men participate in a baseball game.
road rainy A at night.	A rainy road at night.
the and in of background. jumping with over brown, a white trees A pile dog black, logs	A black, brown, and white dog jumping over a pile of logs with trees in the background.
dogs Two green play ball with a wooden deck. on a	Two dogs play with a green ball on a wooden deck.
Four camera. people upclose pose the for	Four people pose upclose for the camera.
the smiles in on red swing. shirt the The girl	The girl in the red shirt smiles on the swing.
neon boys in Two by tree pass street. a a two lit girls	Two girls pass two boys by a tree in a neon lit street.
dog is are near where people lying A walking. yellow	A yellow dog is lying near where people are walking.
corner turns man in on green motorcycle. gear A racing a his	A man in racing gear turns a corner on his green motorcycle.
foam Three in in suits playing are children bathing	Three children in bathing suits are playing in foam
soccer Men in game. a play	Men play in a soccer game.
playing children a Two on metal slide.	Two children playing on a metal slide.
fence. wearing one look boys, cowboy a over hat Three little a	Three little boys, one wearing a cowboy hat look over a fence.
in the snow. in red child a sits	a child in red sits in the snow.
a holding little A away walking path sunny day. is down flowers girl on a	A little girl holding flowers is walking away down a path on a sunny day.
man flying fence. a the black in full in of off red front The is	The man in black is flying off the full in front of a red fence.
a purple little A skiing coat snow. the sunglasses winter and girl in wearing	A little girl wearing a purple winter coat and sunglasses skiing in the snow.
beach. out toward of Dogs the run water a rocky	Dogs run out of the water toward a rocky beach.
kayak the water. A a red man in in	A man in a red kayak in the water.
a mowed dogs grass down field. Two chase	Two dogs chase down a mowed grass field.
back A buoy dog bringing ocean. brown from a is the	A brown dog is bringing back a buoy from the ocean.
boy left his bottle a and people smiling to with looking a direction in young his	a young boy smiling with people looking in his direction and a bottle to his left
table outside at sits toward a looks horizon. the A and man	A man sits at a table outside and looks toward the horizon.
sell condoms like Two them. with images paraphernalia on Obama men	Two men sell paraphernalia like condoms with Obama images on them.
dragon between a behind stands two A and carrying another mask. man flags man	A man stands between two flags and behind another man carrying a dragon mask.
A stone standing a arms is bird. with man a on like structure out his	A man is standing on a stone structure with his arms out like a bird.
a snow dog log. covered white leaping The over	The white dog leaping over a snow covered log.
a in rainbow of a bowl. A in little hands sits her with front painted girl covered in paint	A little girl covered in paint sits in front of a painted rainbow with her hands in a bowl.
of man. a on heels A dog the	A dog on the heels of a man.
grassy a are large dogs running through Several large area.	Several large dogs are running through a large grassy area.
platform a boy skateboard. skateboarder young on a on a jumping	a young boy skateboarder jumping on a platform on a skateboard.
watering tree tarp a can. a and around wrapped A	A tarp wrapped around a tree and a watering can.
at big haired guy and flashes eyes camera. blue strawberry his A smile the	A strawberry haired guy flashes his blue eyes and big smile at the camera.
the snow. in A dog	A dog in the snow.
wearing and plastic a shovel. standing toy a shirt yellow holding red object a Boy on	Boy wearing a red shirt standing on a plastic object and holding a yellow toy shovel.
of people rocks water. a Three body near on standing are	Three people are standing on rocks near a body of water.
with and An toy. dog one older a younger a playing	An older dog and a younger one playing with a toy.
pool. child jumping a into is A swimming	A child is jumping into a swimming pool.
a of worshipping outside are congregation temple. people A of	A congregation of people are worshipping outside of a temple.
outside animal people building. costume Two a of dressed in	Two people dressed in animal costume outside of a building.
water of brown off and itself. dog shakes A black	A black and brown dog shakes water off of itself.
road a city. the crosses elderly woman An in	An elderly woman crosses the road in a city.
brown area. dog runs white grassy A through a and	A brown and white dog runs through a grassy area.
suburban lawn. on couch poses Girl on	Girl poses on couch on suburban lawn.
person sunset. is high The a mountain on during	The person is high on a mountain during sunset.
swing. Young child on a swinging	Young child swinging on a swing.
Two are players referee third tackling while watches. a a football	Two football players are tackling a third while a referee watches.
in A flies front snowboard the through snowboarder landscape. snowy red of a on a air	A snowboarder flies through the air on a red snowboard in front of a snowy landscape.
A of sunglasses dark hair smiling wearing woman long with top on her head.	A smiling woman with long dark hair wearing sunglasses on top of her head.
the Someone man yellow of paint blue with face. face licks his on and a	Someone licks the face of a man with blue and yellow paint on his face.
a are Four crossing at the street and people baby a crosswalk.	Four people and a baby are crossing the street at a crosswalk.
woman dress ground. a tan top ball with grey and a in on with Girl with hat blue	Girl with tan dress and a hat with woman in a grey top with blue ball on ground.
the girl onto midst a in A bed. of a colorful young falling skirt in is	A young girl in a colorful skirt is in the midst of falling onto a bed.
Two greyhounds race.	Two greyhounds race.
dog and in over haired black grass. jumping dog red White	White and black dog jumping over red haired dog in grass.
brown a in dog standing dry is field. The grass	The brown dog is standing in a dry grass field.
running dog is brown A sand. though some	A brown dog is running though some sand.
is large shop. a bags standing carrying woman outside A of	A large woman carrying bags is standing outside of a shop.
suburban in shirt skateboard A on flips his street. a man an orange	A man in an orange shirt flips his skateboard on a suburban street.
woman The man both and smiling. are	The man and woman are both smiling.
a on face cot over sitting touch to reaching infant the an older of An boy.	An infant sitting on a cot reaching over to touch the face of an older boy.
swinging in her is swing little girl outside. A brightly colored	A little girl is swinging in her brightly colored swing outside.
a Jack terrier midair. Russel Frisbee A catching in	A Jack Russel terrier catching a Frisbee in midair.
snow. A the plays dog in	A dog plays in the snow.
red white, and with black, The dog the brown. collar is	The dog with the red collar is white, black, and brown.
are on park. at playing swings Children the a	Children are playing on the swings at a park.
biplane with red a trail A of in the smoke. sky,	A red biplane in the sky, with a trail of smoke.
blue car road, as Bright a onlookers watch. down going dirt	Bright blue car going down a dirt road, as onlookers watch.
the dogs in in playing with park a a in field a are background. grassy lake Two	Two dogs are playing in a grassy field in a park with a lake in the background.
boy overlooking in snowcapped short mountain. and shirt A short, hair sleeve in blond sandals a	A blond hair boy in short, short sleeve shirt and sandals in overlooking a snowcapped mountain.
a inside and blue shirt of A large a tree. the boy stands in shorts red branches	A boy in a red shirt and blue shorts stands inside the branches of a large tree.
a up A make in boy basket jumps basketball hoop. a to	A boy jumps up to make a basket in a basketball hoop.
a poles. with A person outside the with skis retreiver in and standing standing snow golden	A golden retreiver standing outside in the snow with a person standing with skis and poles.
A six in a is jersey running field. dog a through number	A dog in a number six jersey is running through a field.
with large play hoops. Children	Children play with large hoops.
hit trying court. ball the racket tennis with on tennis the air a in A to a girl	A girl trying to hit a ball in the air with a tennis racket on the tennis court.
people hands Many raised. their with stand	Many people stand with their hands raised.
woman and dogs their on leashes. man A walk a	A man and a woman walk their dogs on leashes.
bench. stop bus Three sitting a on people	Three people sitting on a bus stop bench.
A a swims stick toward dog	A dog swims toward a stick
are The swimmers wearing black swimmers. race getting ready to	The swimmers are getting ready to race wearing black swimmers.
just of crane body above water a flying a	a crane flying just above a body of water
in air his the skateboarder A skateboard. upside-down straddling	A skateboarder in the air straddling his upside-down skateboard.
a on over is girl pond. small a rope The swinging	The girl is swinging on a rope over a small pond.
is A girl a little with in playing hair blonde and splashing puddle. mud	A little girl with blonde hair is playing and splashing in a mud puddle.
holding A camera on with a it. a front in writing of person pole	A person holding a camera in front of a pole with writing on it.
blue men, ice, Two covered looking standing a an on into with something tarp.	Two men, standing on an ice, looking into something covered with a blue tarp.
surface. rocky truck a red driving is A over	A red truck is driving over a rocky surface.
sunset looking performing pose image a the at yoga the over A water. while person's	A person's image performing a yoga pose while looking at the sunset over the water.
dog the in laying brown A is snow.	A brown dog is laying in the snow.
dog the board. The yellow across leaps	The dog leaps across the yellow board.
flying A kite. child a	A child flying a kite.
board lake. jumps a jacket A boy blue the a life into off in	A boy in a blue life jacket jumps off a board into the lake.
hat purple pink a feather wearing woman with young a a in it	a young woman wearing a purple hat with a pink feather in it
kayak of man shore paddling a along A river. a the	A man paddling a kayak along the shore of a river.
body sniffing other each of water. while Two dogs standing a are in	Two dogs are sniffing each other while standing in a body of water.
the playing Children on beach.	Children playing on the beach.
in orbs. large black white silver Small at girl and red, dress looks	Small girl in red, white and black dress looks at large silver orbs.
its puppy mouth. A stick a in has	A puppy has a stick in its mouth.
rides blue a a A jeans his on top of teenager skateboard dark and wearing board fireplug. shirt red	A skateboard teenager wearing a dark shirt and blue jeans rides his board on top of a red fireplug.
Andy Rodderick a to tennis gets ball. hit ready	Andy Rodderick gets ready to hit a tennis ball.
another doll a street carriage. down in pushing a is One boy boy	One boy is pushing another boy down a street in a doll carriage.
of people the with large with a around lake a lone duck edge swimming it in several it.	a large lake with a lone duck swimming in it with several people around the edge of it.
is the skiing yellow wearing snow. white a A in woman coat	A woman wearing a yellow coat is skiing in the white snow.
swing and one down, swing. bar, a ; little the one upside Three is on kids from on set hanging a top	Three little kids on a swing set ; one is upside down, one hanging from the top bar, and on a swing.
baby concrete skateboarding a small a on wall little	a little baby skateboarding on a small concrete wall
on. hat a straw blue with shirt cowboy white in Woman and a striped	Woman in a blue and white striped shirt with a straw cowboy hat on.
on running brown dog the is grass. A	A brown dog is running on the grass.
with a mouth. its is through dog running ball brown a in The field,	The brown dog is running through a field, with a ball in its mouth.
Irish An a dancer performs solo.	An Irish dancer performs a solo.
in boy A ground tracksuit white colorful in of is break a wall. on front the dancing a	A boy in a white tracksuit is break dancing on the ground in front of a colorful wall.
A metal along man young a skateboard a rides pole.	A young man rides a skateboard along a metal pole.
of uniforms A football team in smoke cloud. blue run a out	A football team in blue uniforms run out of a smoke cloud.
red chasing Two dogs striped a ball. small	Two small dogs chasing a red striped ball.
boy swimming little in A a pool.	A little boy in a swimming pool.
slide. boy trunks down A water green slides in a	A boy in green trunks slides down a water slide.
to couch from jumps Girl couch.	Girl jumps from couch to couch.
on volleyball play beach. boys three busy a	three boys play volleyball on a busy beach.
out line casting stream a a fishing man into a	a man casting out a fishing line into a stream
on a ground of lake. girls Two in the sitting are front outside	Two girls are sitting outside on the ground in front of a lake.
A beach on the running dog	A dog running on the beach
woman A playing swinging racket. tennis, her	A woman playing tennis, swinging her racket.
and hat the the is shallows wading red The of boy in the in shirt river.	The boy in the red hat and shirt is wading in the shallows of the river.
of trees standing front woman and in A smiling.	A woman standing in front of trees and smiling.
shirt a A without down. almost in is upside the jumping boy on air	A boy without a shirt on is jumping in the air almost upside down.
black man and and blue yellow A the is riding a bike with in jacket helmet woods. a a	A man with a blue helmet and a yellow and black jacket is riding a bike in the woods.
a ball. of boys A playing a with desert group in	A group of boys in a desert playing with a ball.
into A his legs putting dog pond a	A dog putting his legs into a pond
snow. team are dogs sled a A of over pulling	A team of dogs are pulling a sled over snow.
A dog brown on grass. runs white	A white dog runs on brown grass.
through the a grass. runs dry dog	a dog runs through the dry grass.
jumps obstacle. dog black an A over	A black dog jumps over an obstacle.
trees. path a by walking surrounded down Two children away,	Two children walking away, down a path surrounded by trees.
camera. The a outdoors, is holding man	The man is outdoors, holding a camera.
the at camera. hay, throwing play the children young in some Three	Three young children play in the hay, throwing some at the camera.
pick. hacking ice wearing climber an An helmet the is orange ice ice with his	An ice climber wearing an orange helmet is hacking the ice with his ice pick.
face. who on are climbing a rock a is man People watching	People are watching a man who is climbing on a rock face.
player football field. The in looks red dressed down	The football player dressed in red looks down field.
down rapids in kayak. a paddles A the man	A man paddles down the rapids in a kayak.
path. a A stand group of people on brick	A group of people stand on a brick path.
grouped Several in together dogs winter a setting.	Several dogs grouped together in a winter setting.
on bike a ramp. the A air person over a in	A person on a bike in the air over a ramp.
winter looking a is the into person A is and red jacket hat distance.	A person is a red hat and winter jacket is looking into the distance.
Two down a overlooking and jump on cliff up people valley. a	Two people jump up and down on a cliff overlooking a valley.
the snow. running A across dog white	A white dog running across the snow.
is A her riding traffic bicycle woman in	A woman is riding her bicycle in traffic
wheel american A trunk open. of and the a door man stands classic at car,	A man stands at the wheel of a classic american car, door and trunk open.
Little playing soccer kids	Little kids playing soccer
with backpack. green with a a is There disheveled glasses hair and girl young	There is a young girl with glasses and disheveled hair with a green backpack.
There and a white one ball. dog dogs chasing brown two are	There are two white dogs and one brown dog chasing a ball.
jumping is high urban off in a A girl an setting. dive	A girl is jumping off a high dive in an urban setting.
down running black dog is a A path.	A black dog is running down a path.
pulling tricks a is in skate man rollerblades his on A park. indoor	A man is pulling tricks on his rollerblades in a indoor skate park.
a walks dress in toddler A grass. the through pink	A toddler in a pink dress walks through the grass.
boy wearing red a climbing tree. crocs A	A boy wearing red crocs climbing a tree.
A way. drops come when cringes girl her water of	A girl cringes when drops of water come her way.
dressed in in all A black bicyclist traffic.	A bicyclist dressed in all black in traffic.
tan of a nearby sign. and green cyclists group is pausing A	A group of cyclists is pausing nearby a green and tan sign.
six there dogs water are the in	there are six dogs in the water
lake. kayak paddle kayak in a man in and man an around a A beautiful blue a orange	A man in an orange kayak and a man in a blue kayak paddle around a beautiful lake.
into boy bubbles camera. the A blowing	A boy blowing bubbles into the camera.
of in Pedestrians shirtless walk jeans. front an advertisement in a depicting man	Pedestrians walk in front of an advertisement depicting a shirtless man in jeans.
blue a toy tan over a jumping and red dog	a tan dog jumping over a red and blue toy
in Black river. dog stands	Black dog stands in river.
striped Two ferns. running down by top, surrounded one young pathway children, in	Two young children, one in striped top, running down pathway surrounded by ferns.
group men in of yard in tree a a in of standing front and 10 a A women line	A group of 10 men and women standing in a line in a yard in front of a tree
playhouse. A boy in inflatable an bounces	A boy bounces in an inflatable playhouse.
dog an A jumps of top over obstacle. the	A dog jumps over the top of an obstacle.
young tricks ramp. a man A on does	A young man does tricks on a ramp.
on dock. men the old sitting Two	Two old men sitting on the dock.
woman carrying wearing signs. pink A sweatshirt walks a	A woman wearing a pink sweatshirt walks carrying signs.
around cow. running dog is The the	The dog is running around the cow.
holding coat, and scarf, The woman red bag. black blue a red wears hat, a while	The woman wears a blue coat, black hat, and red scarf, while holding a red bag.
bicycle is a wearing helmet bike A and a uniform riding child	A child wearing a bicycle helmet and uniform is riding a bike
at camera with eyes her The closed. smiles the girl little	The little girl smiles at the camera with her eyes closed.
soccer A is game progress. in	A soccer game is in progress.
black and dog in The rolling is brown the grass.	The black and brown dog is rolling in the grass.
behind roller are referee it race a and derby competitors girls in with battling the out Two other them.	Two girls are battling it out in a roller derby race with other competitors and the referee behind them.
dog A a baseball his holding mouth. in	A dog holding a baseball in his mouth.
a blue a down a helmet small sleeding hill wearing child snowy	a small child sleeding down a snowy hill wearing a blue helmet
Two dressed as children pirates	Two children dressed as pirates
boy water a a young a on a A bucket swimsuit. park young girl pouring water in at	A young boy at a water park pouring a bucket water on a young girl in a swimsuit.
talk a tent. underneath white while Two women standing	Two women talk while standing underneath a white tent.
yellow a in waters. over is choppy Someone kayak kayaking	Someone is kayaking in a yellow kayak over choppy waters.
The desert. riding are the through four bicyclists	The four bicyclists are riding through the desert.
the ball. air catch The leaps all to belly, a large dog, in	The dog, all belly, leaps in the air to catch a large ball.
people Group standing sitting and of outdoors.	Group of people standing and sitting outdoors.
front red a are of brick of a under tree house. a standing group adults in	a group of adults are standing under a tree in front of a red brick house.
dog white and in the is small The pool. brown	The small brown and white dog is in the pool.
watercraft. person maneuvers rapids A a while riding	A person maneuvers rapids while riding a watercraft.
in on jackets Boys watercraft. life a	Boys in life jackets on a watercraft.
of end others boards the the the join their to water. surfers a to Two walkway in carry	Two surfers carry their boards to the end of a walkway to join the others in the water.
a shop. works A man in bike	A man works in a bike shop.
a bearded A sign. holding man	A bearded man holding a sign.
aqua in bank boat Person beside tropical	Person in aqua boat beside tropical bank
is at young girl in cut-out a A cow putting farm. her face a	A young girl is putting her face in a cow cut-out at a farm.
Three up the jumping wearing woman dogs at are blue. brown	Three brown dogs are jumping up at the woman wearing blue.
dog runs grass. it the muzzle a brown A in wears as blue	A brown dog wears a blue muzzle as it runs in the grass.
a back smaller dog black sniffs of brown dog. the The	The brown dog sniffs the back of a smaller black dog.
Children play football.	Children play football.
dog puppies. A white nurses black	A black dog nurses white puppies.
the soccer park. children in play Two	Two children play soccer in the park.
Little with throwing fall shirt orange and jacket is brown boy green leaves.	Little boy with green shirt and brown jacket is throwing orange fall leaves.
grass. on is A the on mat gymnast over a yellow bending	A gymnast is bending over on a yellow mat on the grass.
for the hand group gestures faces and The makes camera.	The group makes faces and hand gestures for the camera.
sticking her girl air young her into A foot while and a on kicking shirt high out tongue jumps blonde pink out. the with	A young blonde girl with a pink shirt on jumps high into the air while kicking her foot out and sticking her tongue out.
dog black ball. a field, running Green after grass a	Green grass field, a black dog running after a ball.
area. on boy a a poses young toy jersey a Mets wearing motorcycle recreational A in	A young boy wearing a Mets jersey poses on a toy motorcycle in a recreational area.
and rodeo ques. their waiting young an adult, Two clowns, one one	Two rodeo clowns, one young and one an adult, waiting their ques.
The beach. dog ball a next standing to is the on brown	The brown dog is standing next to a ball on the beach.
small A parasail.	A small parasail.
each Closeup two of other women hugging	Closeup of two women hugging each other
brown dog by of water body a at surrounded edge snow. the of a	a brown dog at the edge of a body of water surrounded by snow.
Frisbee a playfully. dogs Two biting younger	Two younger dogs biting a Frisbee playfully.
people. a boy small with walking street lined is on The	The small boy is walking on a street lined with people.
black A is after dog brown running dog. the	A brown dog is running after the black dog.
the a his skateboard. of with stairway boy down handrail A grinds	A boy grinds down the handrail of a stairway with his skateboard.
fans red in a of Oklahoma horse sea mascot	Oklahoma horse mascot in a sea of red fans
Dogs in play snow. the	Dogs play in the snow.
and Children camera. smiling making faces to the	Children smiling and making faces to the camera.
boy is he as laughs tickled. little A	A little boy laughs as he is tickled.
Several phones are people crowded their station. at a in looking	Several people are looking at their phones in a crowded station.
player 21 Miami. The is number from basketball	The basketball player is number 21 from Miami.
boys foot. on other Two race each	Two boys race each other on foot.
Two green juggling blue, red, men blocks. and	Two men juggling red, blue, and green blocks.
nipping feet dog cow. at a the of a	a dog nipping at the feet of a cow.
to jumps outside. a A ball red dog catch	A dog jumps to catch a red ball outside.
balancing wearing jeans on boy sneakers bar. a is A and red red	A boy wearing jeans and red sneakers is balancing on a red bar.
running near dog white in the A is pond shore. a	A white dog is running in a pond near the shore.
station train in	train in station
a woman bicycle rides in helmet her A parking blue lot. a wearing	A woman wearing a blue helmet rides her bicycle in a parking lot.
a a behind someone sitting is to drummer near A kit playing drum guitar.	A drummer is sitting behind a drum kit near to someone playing a guitar.
water in field. wet dog shaking A off excess a	A wet dog shaking off excess water in a field.
dog the A playing outside in grass.	A dog playing outside in the grass.
in rides a boy The little race. his bicycle	The little boy rides his bicycle in a race.
the A a grass. black over Frisbee white and carries dog white	A black and white dog carries a white Frisbee over the grass.
the above a water. girl A rope holds onto	A girl holds onto a rope above the water.
a brown in tire blonde on A sits swing. jacket a boy	A blonde boy in a brown jacket sits on a tire swing.
boys competing race. in young two a	two young boys competing in a race.
in woman dark A and a marsh. stands a shirt jacket in white	A woman in a white shirt and dark jacket stands in a marsh.
standing around inside zip a People are and of a fedora wearing is hoodie one them striped and	People are standing around inside and one of them is wearing a fedora and a striped zip hoodie
A to throw ball-thrower object man using an to dog. is a his	A man is using a ball-thrower to throw an object to his dog.
in a A man in sandy a shirt a plastic on red area. shaded stool sitting	A man in a red shirt sitting on a plastic stool in a shaded sandy area.
the fingertips white on their egde several a children young Frisbee with of	several young children with their fingertips on the egde of a white Frisbee
building. man his by the A of a side belongings gathers	A man gathers his belongings by the side of a building.
a field A are in a a kite in and city. child the man flying	A man and a child are flying a kite in a field in the city.
man another waiting the cross man street a woman their post holding to to One looking and and left.	One man holding a post and another man and woman waiting to cross the street looking to their left.
uniform signature. his in presents paperwork to for another A man	A man in uniform presents paperwork to another for his signature.
the The watched bottle launched into soda the air. as kids	The kids watched as the soda bottle launched into the air.
person target. yellow a wearing gun headphones shoots at a A	A person wearing yellow headphones shoots a gun at a target.
street. backpack down A bicyclist a with rides a suburban	A bicyclist with a backpack rides down a suburban street.
woods. in A dog snow of the front runs through	A dog runs through snow in front of the woods.
in a branch young backyard. his brown pulls a teeth puppy leafy in A	A young brown puppy pulls a leafy branch in his teeth in a backyard.
orange woman a wearing talks in phone. A stands the and crowd on	A woman wearing orange stands in a crowd and talks on the phone.
water. into the running dog Black	Black dog running into the water.
Two back-to-back women pose of building. a in front high-rise	Two women pose back-to-back in front of a high-rise building.
dogs grass. in Two the wrestle	Two dogs wrestle in the grass.
a a toy. chases dog	a dog chases a toy.
surfer goes A a wave water. up of	A surfer goes up a wave of water.
a rocky climbing A man mountain. of the face	A man climbing the rocky face of a mountain.
jumps white a bandanna, A and brown through the wearing air. dog,	A white and brown dog, wearing a bandanna, jumps through the air.
A people of group rafting. river	A group of people river rafting.
a wearing the yellow one air. on surfer a a shirt surfboard arm with white in	a surfer on a white surfboard wearing a yellow shirt with one arm in the air.
sheep. a a in A crowd girl on in holding leashed to	A girl in a crowd in holding on to a leashed sheep.
dogs his yard. A with playing man two in is	A man is playing with two dogs in his yard.
a legs with caught dog in person small a her	a person with a small dog caught in her legs
some throws a red coat boy A camera. leaves at tan the in	A boy in a tan coat throws some red leaves at the camera.
safety rock a prepares for man a before a standing wall. climbing boy harness A	A man prepares a safety harness for a boy standing before a rock climbing wall.
a acrouss hot hopping man and A woman sand.	A man and a woman hopping acrouss hot sand.
beside water. A holding red is wearing man the the shorts onto rocks	A man wearing red shorts is holding onto the rocks beside the water.
jumps man water a fountain. A near	A man jumps near a water fountain.
logs A standing and on is picture. taking girl a	A girl is standing on logs and taking a picture.
the in A biking woods. green man in	A man in green biking in the woods.
and on a boots, carrying jacket skirt, short white a A red in gray-green bag the black sidewalk. a girl	A short girl in a white skirt, black boots, and a gray-green jacket carrying a red bag on the sidewalk.
little screen a in window shorts boy holding blue	little boy in blue shorts holding a window screen
beside large volleyball women Four water. competing in body a beach of	Four women competing in beach volleyball beside a large body of water.
on child A the sand the a does beach. at handstand	A child does a handstand on the sand at the beach.
toddler the A a woman in tosses air.	A woman tosses a toddler in the air.
rides and the holding A black woman white bag subway.	A woman holding black and white bag rides the subway.
two looking on at legs dogs the air. in are hind dogs something and seated Two	Two dogs on hind legs and two seated dogs are looking at something in the air.
dogs Two in grass. the wrestle	Two dogs wrestle in the grass.
been guys has outside Two words. a with stand spray painted that building of	Two guys stand outside of a building that has been spray painted with words.
grass on dog A running the	A dog running on the grass
dog, yellow white A a dog and field. a grassy black in black a dog and	A white and black dog, a yellow dog and a black dog in a grassy field.
on overlooking out below. sit the A few water people rocks	A few people sit out on rocks overlooking the water below.
a trailer and man bicycle A city is a in street. in a by standing jacket red	A man in a red jacket is standing by a bicycle and trailer in a city street.
running Two a dogs path. are along grassy	Two dogs are running along a grassy path.
crashes snowboarder down covered mountain. snow the The	The snowboarder crashes down the snow covered mountain.
bike shirt yellow city. in child yellow A with a riding a a	A child with a yellow shirt riding a yellow bike in a city.
the a boy swims in pool.	a boy swims in the pool.
guitar. playing outside is woman A the	A woman is outside playing the guitar.
This is performing. guitarist	This guitarist is performing.
player ball. just cricket The the catching misses	The cricket player just misses catching the ball.
it with a off shirt climber rock	a rock climber with it shirt off
a stone the mountains. sit two at men encripted in	two men sit at a encripted stone in the mountains.
with board out Surfer marches on day. sea to gray	Surfer with board marches out to sea on gray day.
a that the are water. past and overlook A walking woman benches man	A man and a woman are walking past benches that overlook the water.
and wearing orange an helmet. orange skateboarder shirt A	A skateboarder wearing an orange shirt and orange helmet.
boy riding on A street the down a kneeling skateboard	A boy kneeling on a skateboard riding down the street
yellow moving very blue man in a bicycle riding fast. shirt a A	A man in a yellow shirt riding a blue bicycle moving very fast.
A ball. little boy orange soccer kicking a in	A little boy in orange kicking a soccer ball.
guys are The soccer. playing	The guys are playing soccer.
blue paintings. large a chair is in near Man sitting outside	Man is sitting in a blue chair outside near large paintings.
dog. biting brown a A dog is brown furry no hair	A brown furry dog is biting a no hair brown dog.
girls whispering in the is The boy ear.	The boy is whispering in the girls ear.
slide. A on pants a tan hoddie toddler in a and red	A toddler in tan pants and a red hoddie on a slide.
holds as A girl her blows. hair wind the young	A young girl holds her hair as the wind blows.
dogs the play white on green grass. Two	Two white dogs play on the green grass.
holding him plays little A upside boy, man with a down.	A man plays with a little boy, holding him upside down.
looks Most man tables at but reading like are one sitting sleeping. people he's	Most people are sitting at tables reading but one man looks like he's sleeping.
park. in barefoot a A jogger	A barefoot jogger in a park.
A pictures taking snow. outside the in person	A person taking pictures outside in the snow.
a small, A toy a white air. the watch small their catch man dog in and boy	A man and a small boy watch their small, white dog catch a toy in the air.
on a is person a red formation. holding to in shirt A natural	A person in a red shirt is holding on to a natural formation.
dog A sheep. white short chasing and brown	A short brown and white dog chasing sheep.
Two his and in pool of innertube. is falling one guys a are	Two guys are in a pool and one is falling of his innertube.
a a bearded A in cup. woman dress man and holding a	A bearded man and a woman in a dress holding a cup.
cheering racers spectators. passing of group Bicycle road a	Bicycle road racers passing a group of cheering spectators.
The the keep in ball. taking to player trying strip black red rugby the from is in and yellow player the	The rugby player in the black strip is trying to keep the player in red and yellow from taking the ball.
dog a a through field. black runs	a black dog runs through a field.
a Child in playing ball with soccer field.	Child playing with soccer ball in a field.
a clear green water. with water pack dog walking through is A	A dog with a water pack is walking through clear green water.
a hillside. Three down children running grassy	Three children running down a grassy hillside.
its something in pink A in snow the mouth. has hot dog brown	A brown dog in the snow has something hot pink in its mouth.
has his truck. tipped off-roading This driver	This off-roading driver has tipped his truck.
toddler the man the of beach ocean. walking in A are along front and	A man and toddler are walking along the beach in front of the ocean.
casually the Two down street are women walking together.	Two women are walking casually down the street together.
A bike a on bmx course. riding person dirt a	A person riding a bmx bike on a dirt course.
water. overlooking by couple The railing standing is the the	The couple is standing by the railing overlooking the water.
A is wave. a riding surfer	A surfer is riding a wave.
People stand the surf. in	People stand in the surf.
on the benches People beside sitting street.	People sitting on benches beside the street.
on sit woman a man faces and bench. An upset have they overweight as	An overweight woman and man have upset faces as they sit on a bench.
with women table a strollers chair. to next and standing Two	Two women with strollers standing next to a table and chair.
in A crowd. shirt in holds a a balloon girl red green	A girl in red shirt holds a green balloon in a crowd.
little off is A playground. boy a hanging red	A little boy is hanging off a red playground.
grond a while figure up A people rock on the climbing is watch.	A figure is climbing up a rock while people on the grond watch.
in kayak with dog. Women sitting yellow her	Women sitting in yellow kayak with her dog.
A blue underwater a in pool. T-shirt haired girl swimming a in red is	A red haired girl in a blue T-shirt is swimming underwater in a pool.
hill. is tree that on suspended climber a covered an overhang overlooks A	A climber is suspended on an overhang that overlooks a tree covered hill.
of at standing land. overlooking person cliff the A top a rocky is	A person is standing at the top of a rocky cliff overlooking land.
puddle water. boy of a A through is splashing young	A young boy is splashing through a puddle of water.
A in a girl a suit swing. rides bathing	A girl in a bathing suit rides a swing.
battling Firemen are a fire.	Firemen are battling a fire.
the playing room Two children some in are living toys. with young	Two young children are playing in the living room with some toys.
the train track. is The down coming	The train is coming down the track.
people. of in pool are a Three crowd a of out dolphins jumping front of	Three dolphins are jumping out of a pool in front of a crowd of people.
children red wearing a one tricycle. with yellow dots is are Two red and shirts red shorts are foreheads young both and riding their	Two young children with red dots are their foreheads are both wearing yellow shirts and red shorts and one is riding a red tricycle.
the people down on ride sleds. road The	The people ride down the road on sleds.
large dog A in logs clearing. a woodland leaping is over some	A large dog is leaping over some logs in a woodland clearing.
man ramp. skateboarding up a A	A man skateboarding up a ramp.
hand. obese her An dog holding woman right a in chili	An obese woman holding a chili dog in her right hand.
next a with scarf blue fur in is dark to eyes girl brown girl a and a standing in edged coat. hair A	A girl with dark brown hair and eyes in a blue scarf is standing next to a girl in a fur edged coat.
field. and black white is a cow dog A running through	A black and white dog is running through a cow field.
two green in for ponchos. Empty seats at a rain stadium, except people	Empty seats at a stadium, except for two people in green rain ponchos.
with A jumps off his ramp an skateboard. orange man	A man jumps off an orange ramp with his skateboard.
swinging man bars the A on monkey	A man swinging on the monkey bars
over the the large jumps dog fenced a air yard. grass in A tan in	A large tan dog jumps in the air over the grass in a fenced yard.
shirt boy in A black with structure wooden a is beams. a inside ceiling	A boy in a black shirt is inside a structure with wooden ceiling beams.
yellow a boat a the in water. is to pulling A headscarf girl	A girl in a yellow headscarf is pulling a boat to the water.
foliage colorful an trunk. his in drap carrying a wearing elephant	an elephant wearing a colorful drap carrying foliage in his trunk.
near water stands A stone boy his with hand. a in	A boy stands near water with a stone in his hand.
drinking reading mug and the paper. from A woman a	A woman drinking from a mug and reading the paper.
A holding are sign a a outdoors. man woman blonde and embracing	A man holding a sign and a blonde woman are embracing outdoors.
blue A large man wave. is on black dressed a in surfing	A man dressed in black is surfing on a large blue wave.
puppy dog. adult A brown an black chewing on	A black puppy chewing on an adult brown dog.
dogs Three park. the at	Three dogs at the park.
bag man other holding a people. away the a beverage far from A drinking plastic and	A man drinking a beverage and holding a plastic bag far away from the other people.
the tag on play beach. Three boys	Three boys play tag on the beach.
in Two blue Frisbees grass. are dogs catching	Two dogs are catching blue Frisbees in grass.
and a shirt happily a polo man flies with jeans A kite.	A man with a polo shirt and jeans happily flies a kite.
dog across wet walks stream. soaking a A	A soaking wet dog walks across a stream.
an is into indoor girl A pool. diving	A girl is diving into an indoor pool.
cap An older man a baseball in	An older man in a baseball cap
is with a blue bench in side. lap a dog on and her sitting to a a on latte woman white a leash her	a woman is sitting on a bench with a latte in her lap and a white dog on a blue leash to her side.
a for picture. Two a woman men and pose	Two men and a woman pose for a picture.
man harness waterskiing holding	man holding harness waterskiing
steps. some guy skateboard, jumping a off on A	A guy on a skateboard, jumping off some steps.
kissing the cat. is girl brown little The	The little girl is kissing the brown cat.
stands behind man a in rock shirt help while another him. A to red a man climbs	A man in a red shirt climbs a rock while another man stands behind to help him.
stand people Three written Spanish. blindfolds a sign under in in	Three people in blindfolds stand under a sign written in Spanish.
in eyes alert, golden-colored with a his colored brightly A his holds mouth. ball dog, tennis	A golden-colored dog, with his eyes alert, holds a brightly colored tennis ball in his mouth.
boardwalk at festival on Woman kite	Woman at kite festival on boardwalk
wearing looking The and distance. goggles into the is swimmer	The swimmer is wearing goggles and looking into the distance.
carries on a stick green and grass. huge dog black the white A	A black and white dog carries a huge stick on the green grass.
yellow a wearing and brunette sunglasses a shirt girl	a brunette girl wearing sunglasses and a yellow shirt
white raft is paddled a river. being through water A	A raft is being paddled through a white water river.
holding baby while mocks baby the in A adult an shirt it. a is red crying	A baby in a red shirt is crying while an adult holding the baby mocks it.
is out stretched in girl water shallow A	A girl is stretched out in shallow water
the kickflip A tracks. does along skateboarder a train	A skateboarder does a kickflip along the train tracks.
skateboards Four helmets on in people racing	Four people in helmets racing on skateboards
their driving rider is motorcycle. The	The rider is driving their motorcycle.
an Young jump girls outdoor on trampoline.	Young girls jump on an outdoor trampoline.
shirt blue pointing water at the the is little A girl in on beach. a	A little girl in a blue shirt is pointing at the water on the beach.
silver a wooden graffiti ramp and a with the midair in lone huge background in skateboarder	a lone skateboarder in midair with a huge wooden ramp and silver graffiti in the background
on and brown near a in rock beach shallow dog A outcrop. white water large standing is a	A brown and white dog is standing in shallow water on a beach near a large rock outcrop.
Vegas Las A group luggage people of in their waits the for airport.	A group of people waits for their luggage in the Las Vegas airport.
the is lying grass in arms man with outstretched. A his	A man is lying in the grass with his arms outstretched.
over jockey a on jumps horse hurdle. a A black	A jockey on a black horse jumps over a hurdle.
shirt mountain. red stands hill blue Hiker in shorts near and on	Hiker in blue shirt and red shorts stands on hill near mountain.
on people a climb ropes outside. course Many	Many people climb on a ropes course outside.
takes as watch. A offf racer bike dirt others	A dirt bike racer takes offf as others watch.
A children containers a bucket. young, yellow of near and group metal naked showering large	A group of young, naked children showering near large metal containers and a yellow bucket.
docked. people boat on that Three stand is a	Three people stand on a boat that is docked.
wearing attempts a yellow climb rock. person a helmet A to	A person wearing a yellow helmet attempts to climb a rock.
on bars. little boy playing A monkey the	A little boy playing on the monkey bars.
towards a black dog A running camera.	A black dog running towards a camera.
young a all are together. photo older a child An in smiles and woman	An older woman and a young child are all smiles in a photo together.
nearby. young A stand at small child looking and something with a together girl man	A man and young girl stand together looking at something with a small child nearby.
a men one Two facial and shirt tattoos. a walk down street, with black	Two men walk down a street, one with a black shirt and facial tattoos.
an to try get dogs orange Two toy.	Two dogs try to get an orange toy.
group for gather a of adults brick picture A in a of house. front	A group of adults gather for a picture in front of a brick house.
are the outside dogs white in little Two playing snow.	Two little white dogs are playing outside in the snow.
couch. jumps the shirtless boy onto a	a shirtless boy jumps onto the couch.
the of swing. height children at Two a	Two children at the height of a swing.
A learning costume, a of group from an in dance instructor. children	A group of children in costume, learning a dance from an instructor.
in the fisherman his A standing blonde water hook. prepares	A blonde fisherman standing in the water prepares his hook.
brown and A white his carries dish towel dog brown and white a in mouth.	A brown and white dog carries a brown and white dish towel in his mouth.
filled with A cars. a lot walking parking boy through is	A boy is walking through a parking lot filled with cars.
trick on a bike a person doing A	A person doing a trick on a bike
a is A posign people. several blue boy with other mask next wrestler to	A boy with a blue wrestler mask is posign next to several other people.
in playing a water. stick the with dogs Two	Two dogs playing with a stick in the water.
Two two are camels beach walking along girls. carrying the	Two camels are walking along the beach carrying two girls.
two in wheel. large, round, at red man and colorful a looking There children is a	There is a man in red and two children looking at a large, round, colorful wheel.
over jumps Snowboarder snowpile. rail off	Snowboarder jumps off rail over snowpile.
group head red scarves shirts of women A are black shopping. and Asian wearing small	A small group of Asian women wearing red head scarves and black shirts are shopping.
the a kicking young ball. shirt The in is red soccer boy	The young boy in the red shirt is kicking a soccer ball.
people a of diving Two water. into body	Two people diving into a body of water.
on hill snow near covered snowboarding Person with nearby. stairs buildings	Person snowboarding on hill near snow covered stairs with buildings nearby.
child demonstration. a belt young does a red with A	A young child with a red belt does a demonstration.
lake. Several a in mountain kayakers row orange	Several orange kayakers row in a mountain lake.
man a cow cow A walks road no leading another the with down rider. with and rider a	A man walks down the road leading a cow with no rider and another cow with a rider.
curiously at looking Woman a man.	Woman looking curiously at a man.
A boy at the smiles camera.	A boy smiles at the camera.
running dog A between poles. yellow little	A little dog running between yellow poles.
and wearing cowboy a hat on a riding young boy horse a	a young boy wearing a cowboy hat and riding on a horse
with in face young man A poses a paint. woman	A young woman poses with a man in face paint.
over The are a rider jumping horse white fence. and	The horse and rider are jumping over a white fence.
of surrounded by pigeons is boy with part a larger who is interacting a person crowd. A	A boy surrounded by pigeons is interacting with a person who is part of a larger crowd.
pecking at ground. the Chicken	Chicken pecking at the ground.
of stage standing person crowd on a front A seated a in	A person standing on a stage in front of a seated crowd
on standing an a podium, children awaiting award. Three	Three children standing on a podium, awaiting an award.
in its water the dog stick A through swims a while mouth. holding	A dog swims through the water while holding a stick in its mouth.
the edge of at digging A sand. the dog a tan hole	A tan dog digging a hole at the edge of the sand.
at helmets biking other each wearing looks couple Interracial	Interracial couple looks at each other wearing biking helmets
right each other are race. alongside in the Two horses	Two horses are right alongside each other in the race.
horses race Two jockeys	Two jockeys race horses
wearing person A underwater gear scuba water. is swimming	A person wearing scuba gear is swimming underwater water.
on girl stands leg. young a one	a young girl stands on one leg.
A is splashing in at beach. water child the the	A child is splashing in the water at the beach.
van a A in a front stands of house. in large green yard brown the dog of	A large brown dog stands in front of a green van in the yard of a house.
pants. The and woman blue a wearing jacket is yellow	The woman is wearing a yellow jacket and blue pants.
water beach the through running Boy at the	Boy running through the water at the beach
carrying bottle. A beverage black whilst an wearing orange athlete woman running is orange and	A woman athlete wearing orange and black is running whilst carrying an orange beverage bottle.
dust a mouth street. A her whilst woman on mask is wearing the walking in	A woman is wearing a dust mask on her mouth whilst walking in the street.
a at car red man man in is of race it. another A is the while back	A man is in a red race car while another man is at the back of it.
swimming into jumps the little A pool. the yellow from ladder girl	A little girl jumps from the yellow ladder into the swimming pool.
boy large, white A black through a crawling dressed young a hoodie tube. in	A young boy dressed in a black hoodie crawling through a large, white tube.
kids are Two soccer a game. in running	Two kids are running in a soccer game.
wearing A holding bags two boy mask a bread. stands of young	A young boy wearing a mask stands holding two bags of bread.
through the snow. poodles Two are running	Two poodles are running through the snow.
Blond boy touching wooden wall.	Blond boy touching wooden wall.
girl a on walks a dirt street.	a girl walks on a dirt street.
shire a black horse. brown man A jacket in is leading a	A man in a brown jacket is leading a black shire horse.
shirt in a a long sleeve boy A above holding his box head. is	A boy in a long sleeve shirt is holding a box above his head.
toy play of a in Two grass. dogs tan green field blue a with	Two tan dogs play with a blue toy in a green field of grass.
along a wearing shirt red track. yellow A a woman runs	A woman wearing a yellow shirt runs along a red track.
pool. in A a swimming swimming person	A person swimming in a swimming pool.
carrying something dog blue running. and A	A dog carrying something blue and running.
jacket bicycle in Woman wearing autumn rides brown	Woman rides bicycle in autumn wearing brown jacket
A a basketball. tattooed man dunks	A tattooed man dunks a basketball.
A cars. four jumping wheeler	A four wheeler jumping cars.
mud. is race driver through his car A the driving car	A race car driver is driving his car through the mud.
looking dogs other. each brown at black and Two	Two black and brown dogs looking at each other.
ends man and woman coach. A opposite sitting a of a on	A woman and a man sitting on opposite ends of a coach.
air of balloon. people hot a group A firing are up	A group of people are firing up a hot air balloon.
small fingerpaints child A	A small child fingerpaints
front in hair of Two stand women plywood. with black	Two women with black hair stand in front of plywood.
in dark standing in shirt alone car. Woman yellow a front of	Woman in dark shirt standing alone in front of a yellow car.
a in chairs cliff. the folding take from view People in	People in folding chairs take in the view from a cliff.
boys young play a in Two fountain.	Two young boys play in a fountain.
soccer of group players after a A ball.	A group of soccer players after a ball.
pool. are wrestling kiddie a Two in mud woman	Two woman are mud wrestling in a kiddie pool.
with women, Two outside red a stand store. hair, one	Two women, one with red hair, stand outside a store.
prize fairground fish a man A for is game. to trying in a	A man is trying to fish for a prize in a fairground game.
policeman the a on A hugging street. woman	A policeman hugging a woman on the street.
indoor Someone range. at gun shooting a fires a	Someone fires a gun at a indoor shooting range.
jeans the the shoes, grabs air. while skateboarder, This wearing tennis board and in	This skateboarder, wearing jeans and tennis shoes, grabs the board while in the air.
an street. on the drives ambulance	an ambulance drives on the street.
an The leap takes unknown the retrieve to on a dog item. beach	The dog takes a leap on the beach to retrieve an unknown item.
looks that woman is A a like about cry. baby to onto holding he's	A woman is holding onto a baby that looks like he's about to cry.
bird magnificant low flies the water. The over	The magnificant bird flies low over the water.
Pigeons over swarm all a boy.	Pigeons swarm all over a boy.
black hurdle. jumps a over white dog A and	A black and white dog jumps over a hurdle.
sandy black walks a dog A beach. along white and	A black and white dog walks along a sandy beach.
dog licking nose his a some in the grass middle of brown	a brown dog licking his nose in the middle of some grass
a snowboard person in down hill jumping his A on winter the	A person jumping down a hill on his snowboard in the winter
and on A wearing legs the a his t-shirt with on a man talks phone. sits ledge green	A man wearing a green t-shirt sits with his legs on a ledge and talks on the phone.
her the daughter mother is A sidewalk. on consoling	A mother is consoling her daughter on the sidewalk.
white ' Three front o Salvar ' wall. of in people Planeta blindfolded are a	Three blindfolded people are in front of a white ' Salvar o Planeta ' wall.
by runs A two cows. dog	A dog runs by two cows.
boy blue an looks shirt while on. boy a in a smiles, A orange with shirt	A boy with an orange shirt smiles, while a boy in a blue shirt looks on.
covered a sprints the leaf dog across ground.	a dog sprints across the leaf covered ground.
on rope swinging above the A a is man water.	A man is swinging on a rope above the water.
playing white dog dog. the muddy is with The	The white dog is playing with the muddy dog.
a flies a white bird lake. over	a white bird flies over a lake.
A its with up nose. its fingers baby	A baby with its fingers up its nose.
a doing stone A on wall. a skateboarder trick	A skateboarder doing a trick on a stone wall.
grassy standing dog hillside. on is A white a	A white dog is standing on a grassy hillside.
building a in Two of of sitting group men are set steps. a climb of people while chairs a in front	Two men are sitting in chairs in front of a building while a group of people climb a set of steps.
girl a and the to white daughter playing in while is with A a mother dress side. bubbles stand	A girl in a white dress is playing with bubbles while a mother and daughter stand to the side.
girl another A a little next standing is taking little who girl is photograph. to	A little girl is standing next to another little girl who is taking a photograph.
the boy who the The of in stands sidewalk. little on birds gathered have middle	The little boy stands in the middle of birds who have gathered on the sidewalk.
a in Two basketball players game. play	Two basketball players play in a game.
air. A a dog through running shirt jumping blue wearing the is and	A dog wearing a blue shirt is running and jumping through the air.
striped haired around her blue dress swinging hula-hoop with pink neck. in girl Blond	Blond haired girl in pink dress with blue striped hula-hoop swinging around her neck.
clothing bicycles. in stand near athletic Men	Men in athletic clothing stand near bicycles.
A sliding on a skateboard rail. a on boy	A boy on a skateboard sliding on a rail.
small beige this running a field a dog through is grassy	this is a small beige dog running through a grassy field
is red and This a team with soccer one game in dressed black.	This is a soccer game with one team dressed in red and black.
dog grass. runs along A black the	A black dog runs along the grass.
and a jacket wearing A water man river. is life down helmet a rafting	A man wearing a life jacket and helmet is water rafting down a river.
a green sitting boy in Little with a face. smile his on tunnel	Little boy sitting in a green tunnel with a smile on his face.
is the A in ocean. wetsuit man on surfing a	A man in a wetsuit is surfing on the ocean.
dirt person motorbike A trees. a by surrounded rides path a on	A person rides a motorbike on a dirt path surrounded by trees.
a man A on the in bike air.	A man on a bike in the air.
men with game of sticks. Two a some sort playing	Two men playing a game with some sort of sticks.
in him a frayed front dangling and string of cat bats brown A white at	A white and brown cat bats at a frayed string dangling in front of him
A a throwing the air. man into is girl	A man is throwing a girl into the air.
handles. a A sitting in while holds the girl is wheel barrel little pink boy a in	A little boy is sitting in a wheel barrel while a girl in pink holds the handles.
drain. storm The is long man a hair along walking with	The man with long hair is walking along a storm drain.
slides small spiral the at playground. A down girl a slide	A small girl slides down a spiral slide at the playground.
on submerged elephant. a A top of man stands	A man stands on top of a submerged elephant.
a girl blue girl to A walks a white in dress a dress. next in	A girl in a white dress walks next to a girl in a blue dress.
children playing are soccer two	two children are playing soccer
climber a a on snowy moutainside. lone	a lone climber on a snowy moutainside.
dirt with Three cameras standing side holding on it. people the a of grass on are trail	Three people holding cameras are standing on a dirt trail with grass on the side of it.
on A in pink little with her hands girl her dances hips.	A little girl in pink dances with her hands on her hips.
A a through of black and is running field grass dog dandilions.	A black dog is running through a field of grass and dandilions.
to pink with dresses their silk women the line in camera. backs in Six a stand	Six women in pink silk dresses stand in a line with their backs to the camera.
in tricycle red cry. is is she top pink like about The next a to girl standing looking to a	The girl in a pink top is standing next to a red tricycle looking like she is about to cry.
outdoors. with toys child up is The playing bundled	The bundled up child is playing with toys outdoors.
hangs A a on a rope from person cliff	A person hangs from a rope on a cliff
a cliff rock a a headband red over man greenery. with climbing looming	a man with a red headband climbing a rock cliff looming over greenery.
looking woman A down. at a table	A woman at a table looking down.
is man to wearing a shop. a sitting in glasses coffee black a in next woman	a woman in black is sitting next to a man wearing glasses in a coffee shop.
blonde smiles. sunglasses A with lady	A blonde lady with sunglasses smiles.
walking dogs dirt path. Two along	Two dogs walking along dirt path.
Two grass. dogs in play the	Two dogs play in the grass.
dog a muzzled running track around greyhound a	a muzzled greyhound dog running around a track
on black is dog brown beach. the A being chase two by dogs	A black dog is being chase by two brown dogs on the beach.
a man A a building. leans the dark blue sits on and against wearing hat ground	A man wearing a dark blue hat sits on the ground and leans against a building.
a down A skiing snowy person hill.	A person skiing down a snowy hill.
playing a young woman two boys at park with a	a woman playing with two young boys at a park
backyard. boys hold the in sky to Two a badminton rackets	Two boys hold badminton rackets to the sky in a backyard.
Five women outside. a dresses, holding in stand one child,	Five women in dresses, one holding a child, stand outside.
play man boy bars. on monkey and the young A	A man and young boy play on the monkey bars.
crowd. from with at a within paint staring is face A person something	A person with face paint is staring at something from within a crowd.
small running on dog A a beach.	A small dog running on a beach.
distance. dog into A off the looking	A dog looking off into the distance.
Two talk game. football players a during	Two football players talk during a game.
and guitar surrounded man his on street, street buildings A lights. by the playing	A man playing his guitar on the street, surrounded by buildings and street lights.
another golden black large high jumping retriever over dog. A smaller, is	A large golden retriever is jumping high over another smaller, black dog.
field a children white with three in flowers	three children in a field with white flowers
black dog tan and A a chases ball. soccer white	A tan dog chases a black and white soccer ball.
standing on snow. covered on surface dog white lead with Tan	Tan dog on lead standing on surface covered with white snow.
girl A young dancing.	A young girl dancing.
through the desert. an ATV A rides person	A person rides an ATV through the desert.
splashing A retrieve a to into red water black ball. the dog	A black dog splashing into the water to retrieve a red ball.
chewing on muddy closeup A a dog of a stick. photo brown	A closeup photo of a brown dog chewing on a muddy stick.
is yellow dog water. in A swimming the	A yellow dog is swimming in the water.
holding with A on sign writing a a man it. wearing hat	A man wearing a hat holding a sign with writing on it.
skips a boy A in stream. rock a	A boy skips a rock in a stream.
the brown road. cement on A upside lies dog down	A brown dog lies upside down on the cement road.
the water. in A splashes woman	A woman splashes in the water.
on orange crowd vests in an a people at into airport. the as fireball A rises looks of sky	A crowd of people in orange vests looks on as a fireball rises into the sky at an airport.
bicycle toddler his a path. rides down A paved little	A toddler rides his little bicycle down a paved path.
with paint Girl foreground of photo. black walking, under her in eyes girl	Girl with black paint under her eyes walking, girl in foreground of photo.
A a purple playing with toy. dog	A dog playing with a purple toy.
dressed young Two formally girls	Two young girls dressed formally
hair makes an water of in a pool. A arc her with girl	A girl makes an arc of water with her hair in a pool.
into man the The throws the child water.	The man throws the child into the water.
of back back. sit girls group to A	A group of girls sit back to back.
playing or dogs fighting snow. the Two in	Two dogs playing or fighting in the snow.
are throws sitting A playing as cards. and woman the and he cards man	A man throws cards as he and the woman are sitting and playing cards.
barrier rider blue horse jumping on him is A a over brown a sitting with	A brown horse with a rider sitting on him is jumping over a blue barrier
the in birds are street. The	The birds are in the street.
kicking wearing is shirt high young man as shorts water from no clothing. his flies A and	A young man wearing shorts and no shirt is high kicking as water flies from his clothing.
in dirt A dirty ball tennis to dog white a field. brown attempts and a catch	A brown and white dog attempts to catch a dirty tennis ball in a dirt field.
the along house a a dog on snow. white walking some in rocks	a white dog walking on some rocks along a house in the snow.
moustaches. woman man glasses posing fake are and The and with	The man and woman are posing with fake glasses and moustaches.
man try another one him and from makes two jumps boulder to catch to it. men A he barely as	A man jumps from one boulder to another and two men try to catch him as he barely makes it.
jump boy completing is skateboard. young on a a A	A young boy is completing a jump on a skateboard.
A young a boy yellow towards ball. moving	A young boy moving towards a yellow ball.
along that body boardwalk crosses of a a run water. Two children over	Two children run along a boardwalk that crosses over a body of water.
plant an a grassy wood is gnawing barrel puppy in A area with on branch and a nearby. uncut	A puppy is gnawing on a plant branch in an uncut grassy area with wood and a barrel nearby.
Dog field. in and cow	Dog and cow in field.
black kid down and green The the street. rides bike his	The kid rides his green and black bike down the street.
striped tiger and stands a dog to weird looks A side. the position in	A tiger striped dog stands in a weird position and looks to the side.
Goggled into pool. jumping boy the	Goggled boy jumping into the pool.
field. a grassy dogs Two are running in	Two dogs are running in a grassy field.
his in in dog brown mouth. with a midair A Frisbee	A brown dog in midair with a Frisbee in his mouth.
and tinsel. wrapping paper wrapped person in A	A person wrapped in wrapping paper and tinsel.
The playing shirt is little wearing blue baseball. and boy a	The little boy is wearing a blue shirt and playing baseball.
A plane a smoke clear, grey sky. is into stunt billowing	A stunt plane is billowing smoke into a clear, grey sky.
Five beside green road. people three are in with the standing dogs the field	Five people are standing with three dogs in the green field beside the road.
little rope. girl a jumping A yellow in dress	A little girl in a yellow dress jumping rope.
over area. snowboarder jumps high in mountain snow A	A snowboarder jumps high over snow in mountain area.
stand people sign. of an Three older in avrovulcan.com front	Three older people stand in front of an avrovulcan.com sign.
a A big, dandylions. shaggy dog of runs in field	A big, shaggy dog runs in a field of dandylions.
of in A a trick teen doing front a building. skateboard	A teen doing a skateboard trick in front of a building.
A ocean the in runs beach. from dressed girl the pink to	A girl dressed in pink runs from the ocean to the beach.
hit something. o swinging about boy a young stick a	a young boy swinging a stick about o hit something.
the boy in woods. climbs rocks A	A boy climbs rocks in the woods.
a small log. small over tan jumps dog A	A small tan dog jumps over a small log.
a shirt wearing boy rain. young soaked in the black getting A is	A young boy wearing a black shirt is getting soaked in the rain.
lips baby staring There a is camera. orange-stained the with at	There is a baby with orange-stained lips staring at the camera.
chases black grass. A ball the a in dog	A black dog chases a ball in the grass.
three the the water. in a flotation boys all are onto device holding	the three boys are all holding onto a flotation device in the water.
two singing musicians playing and	two musicians singing and playing
A the a climbs side mountain. man of	A man climbs the side of a mountain.
A jeans rocky climbing mountainside. with a person is shirtless	A shirtless person with jeans is climbing a rocky mountainside.
wearing a woman on is the scarf. red The right	The woman on the right is wearing a red scarf.
the flags Canada in the arena Women an riding States. are United carrying horses of and	Women are riding horses in an arena carrying the flags of Canada and the United States.
a A motorcycle green riding man green nine jumping motorcycles. other	A man riding a green motorcycle jumping nine other green motorcycles.
dogs pole. to chained are a two	two dogs are chained to a pole.
a to dogs two fluffy tennis jumping ball. catch	two fluffy dogs jumping to catch a tennis ball.
man a white helmet mountaintop. on a with snowy stands A	A man with a white helmet stands on a snowy mountaintop.
forest. in smiling a kneeling A boy	A smiling boy kneeling in a forest.
A in light blue. pink, girls in other game soccer the one team with	A girls soccer game with one team in pink, the other in light blue.
A bus. side the lying dog, yellow VW of to down, a mirror tethered	A dog, lying down, tethered to the side mirror of a yellow VW bus.
A surfing on wetsuit small black is beige surfboard. a in a person a wave	A person in a black wetsuit is surfing a small wave on a beige surfboard.
Two and motorcycles their riders.	Two motorcycles and their riders.
own motorbikes in man motorbike. serveral on his jumps green A	A man in green jumps serveral motorbikes on his own motorbike.
in and black and boy A white a shirt green shorts. striped	A boy in a white and green striped shirt and black shorts.
ball net. tee of off to a A hits boy a into ball	A boy hits a ball off of a tee ball into to net.
amusement ride. children ride an Five park	Five children ride an amusement park ride.
with A a playing dog girl police near car. a	A girl playing with a dog near a police car.
A in man the his on two others distance. bike way leads follow while the	A man leads the way on his bike while two others follow in the distance.
standing sand. A the grey where person tennis is on stop right shoes wearing the waves	A person wearing grey tennis shoes is standing right where the waves stop on the sand.
a wearing is barefoot and on is sweater The blue court. man a	The man is wearing a blue sweater and is barefoot on a court.
sits a by beach. boy the young	a young boy sits by the beach.
smiles swims boy blue in water. A and	A boy smiles and swims in blue water.
running side. black a and dog by side black are A	A black and a black dog are running side by side.
child with is on dirty A shirt playground young a standing a	A young child with a dirty shirt is standing on a playground
play pink, dressed both on jungle girls, the in little Two gym.	Two little girls, both dressed in pink, play on the jungle gym.
Man standing his and street. a white head black near pattern in the on	Man standing on his head near a black and white pattern in the street.
dog grassy looking up. a in field, A	A dog in a grassy field, looking up.
a plays stage. sings guitar and A woman on young	A young woman plays guitar and sings on a stage.
green ball plays grass. collie with A of a field a in white	A collie plays with a white ball in a field of green grass.
and sit talks does others him. guy while his hand something A near with	A guy talks and does something with his hand while others sit near him.
brown A running light dog up. is	A light brown dog is running up.
vest yellow officer directs in a police A traffic.	A police officer in a yellow vest directs traffic.
dog black white and two A playing dogs	A white dog and two black dogs playing
raincoat rock looking a on down a in yellow person is edge the sitting A of	A person in a yellow raincoat is sitting on the edge of a rock looking down
little eating ice boys lollipops. a on step are Two sitting	Two little boys are sitting on a step eating ice lollipops.
walk arms woman with each wearing around Man and black other.	Man and woman wearing black walk with arms around each other.
of seven race. the middle in with black number a A the is greyhound	A black greyhound with the number seven is in the middle of a race.
People standing fence. a chain to are next link	People are standing next to a chain link fence.
light in A holding dressed man saber. brown a	A man dressed in brown holding a light saber.
his stands and catches A hind feet dog on water. stream of a	A dog stands on his hind feet and catches a stream of water.
runs sprinkler. Shepherd a through A German	A German Shepherd runs through a sprinkler.
Two blue sits them. children ladle watering behind can a water and	Two children ladle water and a blue watering can sits behind them.
man ball. a hit ready to tennis the gets	a man gets ready to hit the tennis ball.
Frisbee green dog One by and the white in mouth and brown brown one with a and fence. dog white	One brown and white dog with a green Frisbee in mouth and one brown and white dog by the fence.
stomach laying bottom of a the looks up. A child slide their at on	A child laying on their stomach at the bottom of a slide looks up.
German A bars over jumping is shepherd three competition. striped a in	A German shepherd is jumping over three striped bars in a competition.
intertube. This the bundled hill snow, person, on down for up an the slides	This person, bundled up for the snow, slides down the hill on an intertube.
dog running brown The through the snow is	The brown dog is running through the snow
family belongings. poor few leaving home their only A with a is	A poor family is leaving their home with only a few belongings.
colored guitar a boy in him. playing of barefoot pigs large chair three muti a with beside a Young setting picture	Young barefoot boy playing a guitar setting in a large muti colored chair with a picture of three pigs beside him.
brown its A mouth. running is ball a dog in white with	A white dog is running with a brown ball in its mouth.
A walking next to brick a wall. grey man	A man walking next to a grey brick wall.
a The backs dog. and a woman of	The backs of a woman and a dog.
BMX body front bikers in of a Two dirt of ramps water. jumping	Two BMX bikers jumping dirt ramps in front of a body of water.
uniforms. of in playing two boys their closeup team soccer A	A closeup of two boys playing soccer in their team uniforms.
of sign funny a pole near the carries him. man man two a A by grocery is bags,	A man carries two grocery bags, a sign of a funny man is by the pole near him.
Woman the rain. jogging in	Woman jogging in the rain.
a red on playing A scooter. child	A child playing on a red scooter.
a near boat. Several play dogs outside	Several dogs play outside near a boat.
rear whose is The end of end animal underground. an front	The rear end of an animal whose front end is underground.
party them. a night a at while Two child goes look other on behind and each woman scene	Two woman and a child look at each other while a night party scene goes on behind them.
dog snowy large and through and carrying a a A area. white is white stick brown	A large brown and white dog is carrying a stick through a white and snowy area.
other brown around playing a in dogs with each two house.	two brown dogs playing around with each other in a house.
a men taking women and two self-portrait Two	Two men and two women taking a self-portrait
market. at space in young helmet candy a a large wearing A is looking man	A young man wearing a large space helmet is looking at candy in a market.
in car. Two a racing people street in uniforms	Two people in racing uniforms in a street car.
to stands another next woman a cup to standing in a hat yellow A hat. a next man holding a man in	A woman stands next to a man in a hat holding a cup standing next to another man in a yellow hat.
rock waterfall. grey in a a a is on sitting in man of a front t-shirt	a man in a grey t-shirt is sitting on a rock in front of a waterfall.
playpen Baby in with wide eyes	Baby in playpen with wide eyes
child swing. A a on	A child on a swing.
towards young baby A floor wood the water across crawls bottle. the	A young baby crawls across the wood floor towards the water bottle.
beach trunks A swimming the goggles the with by jumping sand and boy on	A boy with swimming trunks and goggles jumping on the sand by the beach
small dog. white black and A	A small black and white dog.
young slide water a holding down into pool. A a slide boy a woman	A woman holding a young boy slide down a water slide into a pool.
beach. a the of standing shore on Woman	Woman standing on the shore of a beach.
set girls bars. parallel on play a of Two	Two girls play on a set of parallel bars.
A playing and is girl little inflatable shirt in with red a ball. white a	A little girl in a red and white shirt is playing with a inflatable ball.
the hikers mountains. The are up climbing	The hikers are climbing up the mountains.
gyro chef cap jacket and A at white gyro meat. looking a in	A gyro chef in a white jacket and cap looking at gyro meat.
a and is horse jumping a There rider over hurdle.	There is a horse and rider jumping over a hurdle.
field a other each in middle Two the of dogs confront	Two dogs confront each other in the middle of a field
is scaling up large man a underneath. with boulder people spotting The	The man is scaling up a large boulder with people spotting underneath.
young white girl A a dress in	A young girl in a white dress
dog A black birds on shoreline the chases	A black dog chases birds on the shoreline
eagle the sits on of creek. bank bald A a	A bald eagle sits on the bank of a creek.
Funky being raced bicycle	Funky bicycle being raced
off preparing of wall. Skateboarder to stone jump	Skateboarder preparing to jump off of stone wall.
military walk a green out monument grassy Two over boys on fields.	Two boys walk out on a military monument over grassy green fields.
is man a a beach. back on flip A doing shirtless	A shirtless man is doing a back flip on a beach.
up on holding an air. in A shoreline, jogging a is woman road a by item the	A woman is jogging on a road by a shoreline, holding an item up in the air.
shirt, seen behind. gray in Hawaiian Talk older from in man man man between and	Talk between man in Hawaiian shirt, older man in gray and man seen from behind.
sweater blue wearing fishing woman balding jacket and haired stand with the a the a at green surf. foot jeans dark wearing A bottoms a man pole, and and a fatigue brown of	A dark haired woman wearing a brown jacket and fatigue bottoms and a balding man wearing a green sweater and blue jeans with a fishing pole, stand at the foot of the surf.
shopping full Four of people carts bags. with	Four people with shopping carts full of bags.
snowboard across snow. carrying person a deep A is	A person is carrying a snowboard across deep snow.
rock. Man scales	Man scales rock.
dog A trampoline at a looks they a stand on while boy outside.	A boy looks at a dog while they stand on a trampoline outside.
man a works A car. on	A man works on a car.
walking dog of water. is and the brown out A soaked is	A brown dog is soaked and is walking out of the water.
A looking on standing Verizon. is hill edge a at lady the the of	A lady is standing on the edge of a hill looking at the Verizon.
front a man asleep of chair in in A full bookshelf a	A man asleep in a chair in front of a full bookshelf
for a multiracial picture couple A posing	A multiracial couple posing for a picture
train few at stop people around a waing a	a few people waing around at a train stop
near a large is standing her of person holding piece a equipment in vehicle. blue to up a A eyes meadow	A person holding a piece of equipment up to her eyes is standing in a large meadow near a blue vehicle.
on women Two play sand. volleyball the	Two women play volleyball on the sand.
song. Young celebrate in people	Young people celebrate in song.
boat paddling A a against waves. in yellow man	A man in a yellow boat paddling against waves.
jumps with high bike the man a concrete. A above	A man with a bike jumps high above the concrete.
jostles him court. black a is on another A while man man basketball dunking the	A black man is dunking a basketball while another man jostles him on the court.
splashing water. the something dogs look Two in at	Two dogs look at something splashing in the water.
saturated Three faces make photo. wooden little over girls an in swing on a silly	Three little girls make silly faces on a wooden swing in an over saturated photo.
midair fighting Two in ring. wrestling men a in professional	Two men in midair fighting in a professional wrestling ring.
a Man the skis through mountain. air on flying over	Man flying through the air on skis over a mountain.
girl a carries A little sidewalk. the on younger girl	A little girl carries a younger girl on the sidewalk.
people playing outside water. in are the Several	Several people are playing outside in the water.
shirt to an next a a with next to the is girl orange pants and blue hat ocean. white standing the in red in sand boy shirt and A	A boy in an orange shirt and red hat is standing next to a girl with a white shirt and blue pants in the sand next to the ocean.
snowboard. on their A jumping person	A person jumping on their snowboard.
A on dirt a road. rides biker	A biker rides on a dirt road.
through field a the running open A camera. with its mouth dog torwards	A dog with its mouth open running through a field torwards the camera.
A young costume raises his boy hands wearing arms.	A young boy wearing costume hands raises his arms.
A almost turns over. kayaker	A kayaker almost turns over.
of Two a strange sit on billboard. guys opposite sides	Two guys sit on opposite sides of a strange billboard.
behind ground front both legs ground. off with on a with brown hat cowboy horse the the Man white	Man with white cowboy hat on the ground behind a brown horse with both front legs off the ground.
a Two towards a man looking girls out lake fishing. over	Two girls looking out over a lake towards a man fishing.
man and the another One of getting a man to in next the from up in water, hole water tire him.	One man in the hole of a tire in water, and another man getting up from the water next to him.
down stairs. skateboarder A some goes	A skateboarder goes down some stairs.
A a sculpture at red looking couple	A couple looking at a red sculpture
boy cream. ice young A eating	A young boy eating ice cream.
a white black water A at runs the white beach. through dog and	A black and white dog runs through the white water at a beach.
a stands old An in person third world kitchen.	An old person stands in a third world kitchen.
instructor of People in front dancing	People dancing in front of instructor
shirt open. girl legs rock, her on little a A with hood is mouth with and red sitting a sprawled	A little girl with a red hood and shirt is sitting with legs sprawled on a rock, her mouth open.
people shallow in water, waving around are standing Two sparklers	Two people are standing in shallow water, waving sparklers around
playing little a kids yard. are on Three	Three little kids are playing on a yard.
a building. A with bike his man amid demolished	A man with his bike amid a demolished building.
yellow a dog white jumps toy. and A after black	A black and white dog jumps after a yellow toy.
A his white dog brown hind and and stands barks. on leg	A brown and white dog stands on his hind leg and barks.
in man the of is A sunglasses on head. his walking street with top	A man is walking in the street with sunglasses on top of his head.
front in is goalkeeper on the An red in hockey knees and strip ice a of his goal. blue	An ice hockey goalkeeper in a red and blue strip is on his knees in front of the goal.
running the on dog A beach.	A dog running on the beach.
wading in A water. wrinkled shallow dog	A wrinkled dog wading in shallow water.
of colored horses on with flags. Parade brightly men	Parade of men on horses with brightly colored flags.
Two snow the playing a chair. in near dogs	Two dogs playing in the snow near a chair.
girls themselves. are of taking a blonde Two picture	Two blonde girls are taking a picture of themselves.
child a swing. A in	A child in a swing.
jackets, phones. bags looking Three their at holding in people	Three people in jackets, holding bags looking at their phones.
in on with up one bull. the hand is A a air man	A man is up in the air with one hand on a bull.
a men of stand Two front in restaurant.	Two men stand in front of a restaurant.
doing entertainer with Female a curtsey. horns street	Female street entertainer with horns doing a curtsey.
hand small a holds the of bushes. and points the girl A towards woman	A woman holds the hand of a small girl and points towards the bushes.
with on on back its mouth. the laying A brown its in dog grass a is ball	A brown dog is laying on its back on the grass with a ball in its mouth.
catching tennis black white a in his ball and A dog mouth.	A black and white dog catching a tennis ball in his mouth.
is A soccer boy holding little a ball	A little boy is holding a soccer ball
take motorcycle ride. Two to ready getting men a	Two men getting ready to take a motorcycle ride.
people. A crowded vehicle with	A vehicle crowded with people.
and man a little A beating drums. boy	A man and a little boy beating drums.
does boy A at tricks skateboard sundown.	A boy does skateboard tricks at sundown.
over dog white A a and pole. black jumps	A black and white dog jumps over a pole.
is playground. bars little A climbing at on boy monkey the a	A little boy is climbing on the monkey bars at a playground.
the in Two each grass. stick swords other swinging boys are at young	Two young boys are swinging stick swords at each other in the grass.
A a through dog jumping hoop.	A dog jumping through a hoop.
the runs The in park. dog	The dog runs in the park.
man nature. in A with running dogs four	A man with four running dogs in nature.
sheet. dog A a brown laying on blue	A brown dog laying on a blue sheet.
at in a mirror. A laughs his baby reflection	A baby laughs at his reflection in a mirror.
onstage A shirt a sings man a microphone into in	A man in a shirt sings into a microphone onstage
small in steady being held child gear A an adult. is by winter	A small child in winter gear is being held steady by an adult.
Two a tube. brown and dog children a in brown	Two children and a brown dog in a brown tube.
jeans with blonde A jeans. a orange of a jacket mural bald in red man a and wearing walks black and man shirt a striped an from away with car	A bald man in a striped shirt and jeans walks away from a mural of a red car with a blonde man wearing an orange and black jacket with jeans.
cushion. on A brown dog a rests green	A brown dog rests on a green cushion.
is a silver wearing head. male runner helmet looking a and backpack his marathon on The shirtless robot	The shirtless male marathon runner is wearing a backpack and a silver robot looking helmet on his head.
Two sitting other near a are machine. vending each next men to to	Two men are sitting next to each other near to a vending machine.
climber rock climbs. A	A rock climber climbs.
blue just black down course. run dog and A has obstacle red on an ramp a	A black dog has just run down a blue and red ramp on an obstacle course.
wearing person grassy a jumps above and red rocky high A a shirt field.	A person wearing a red shirt jumps high above a rocky and grassy field.
are jumping caged beside inside down a Children trampoline and building. up a	Children are jumping up and down inside a caged trampoline beside a building.
on the is racing The running racetrack. greyhound	The racing greyhound is running on the racetrack.
air wearing shirt a jumping green a man young in in the	a young man wearing a green shirt in jumping in the air
ethnicity eastern of far sitting tents. white around people Some are	Some people of far eastern ethnicity are sitting around white tents.
off. a of jumping the and A dog shaking black dog water brown white and out	A black and white dog jumping out of the water and a brown dog shaking off.
snowboarder is the slope. snow in a jumping A air over	A snowboarder is jumping in the air over a snow slope.
ball game of are playing Kids a outdoors.	Kids are playing a game of ball outdoors.
man dives into young A water.	A young man dives into water.
in lights the other background. man under guitar playing with people A the a	A man playing a guitar under the lights with other people in the background.
dunes. buggy driving A the blue is sand across	A blue buggy is driving across the sand dunes.
down cold supplies set men a in their three ditch.	three cold men set down their supplies in a ditch.
walking tent men a past Several sign. a notice	Several men walking past a tent notice a sign.
rider brown bars. on midair A jumping over jump in horse horse a	A horse rider on a brown horse jumping in midair over jump bars.
pink on have women their The bunny ears heads.	The women have pink bunny ears on their heads.
is swimming A the into through boy a air diving pool.	A boy is diving through the air into a swimming pool.
who whit in ball. American with is player the is in tackling brown footballer The running the	The American footballer in brown is tackling the player in whit who is running with the ball.
woman a dog An old with white	An old woman with a white dog
and man old is The a hat. a scarf, wearing glasses,	The old man is wearing glasses, a scarf, and a hat.
street. dog lying on is The the cobblestone	The dog is lying on the cobblestone street.
holds a A suit in box. scuba man a	A man in a scuba suit holds a box.
dogs biting a Two are black Frisbee. on brown	Two brown dogs are biting on a black Frisbee.
sit Three bench. a people on	Three people sit on a bench.
the a house snow. along side the walking of A dog in	A dog walking along the side of a house in the snow.
in and woman red wearing area girl Asian little	woman and little girl wearing red in Asian area
socks red a braided white shirt, a wearing red white man hair. long is has shorts, shoes, There and	There is a man wearing a red shirt, white shorts, red shoes, white socks and has long braided hair.
dressed sitting black in top girl red a a with pants and is A black on wall.	A girl dressed in a red and black top with black pants is sitting on a wall.
pool. kids A two at a watching playing woman	A woman watching two kids playing at a pool.
girl something in A wearing twists her green hands.	A girl wearing green twists something in her hands.
puddle. a boy the runs through	a boy runs through the puddle.
through bounding tall grass. dog is A	A dog is bounding through tall grass.
hatchback people group are vehicle small in behind a out the country. of A standing	A group of people are standing behind a small hatchback vehicle out in the country.
stands onlookers of leather and front purple dressed in Man shirt chaps in	Man dressed in leather chaps and purple shirt stands in front of onlookers
boy bed. a jumps little onto a	a little boy jumps onto a bed.
men city near in winter. Two a street the standing	Two men standing near a city street in the winter.
man on a in A midair motorbike	A man on a motorbike in midair
A and blue swinging. pink white little dress girl and flowered in a sweater	A little girl in a pink and white flowered dress and blue sweater swinging.
wave. A surfer on a turn a makes	A surfer makes a turn on a wave.
dog water through the red ball a black is its in the mouth. running with	the black dog is running through the water with a red ball in its mouth.
take Two a photo. couples to stop	Two couples stop to take a photo.
A sitting water the while a the patio. on view enjoying couple is of	A couple is enjoying the view of the water while sitting on a patio.
leap orange of toy. an A into he jumps grab faith dog to takes as a pool a	A dog takes a leap of faith as he jumps into a pool to grab an orange toy.
with on and the Black rolling toy tan dog and a playing grass.	Black and tan dog playing with a toy and rolling on the grass.
Children in bathe water from large drums.	Children bathe in water from large drums.
Claus red outfit playing a a wearing baby a Santa and hat with A figure. Santa	A baby wearing a Santa hat and a red outfit playing with a Santa Claus figure.
and dog catches jumps A Frisbee grass. a in the	A dog jumps and catches a Frisbee in the grass.
Two the on river. girls a edge of sit	Two girls sit on the edge of a river.
boy rail. jumping blue The sunglasses a wearing by is yellow and	The boy is wearing blue sunglasses and jumping by a yellow rail.
a rides lake path a bicycle beside man mountains. the a in A rocky on	A man rides a bicycle on a rocky path beside a lake in the mountains.
A is two baseball rows between holding a seats. skinny blue while standing boy little of bat	A little boy is holding a skinny baseball bat while standing between two rows of blue seats.
with a during uniform keeps white on in black A ground game, foot UN a upraised baseball the glove base. man on while catcher uniform a a the his a	A catcher in a black uniform on the ground with his glove upraised during a baseball game, while a man UN a white uniform keeps a foot on the base.
the white The dog floor. ran across tile	The white dog ran across the tile floor.
man corn ear on an is nibbling of A	A man is nibbling on an ear of corn
The white the in alley. is shirt return bowling ball flowered the person bending the at in down	The person in the white flowered shirt is bending down at the ball return in the bowling alley.
inside house. girls a playing Two jumper	Two girls playing inside a jumper house.
a man and wearing black with is a indoors. glasses suit jacket a There hat	There is a man with glasses and a hat wearing a black suit jacket indoors.
grassy a together and leafy play on Four ground. dogs	Four dogs play together on a grassy and leafy ground.
down a little A lying looking table. under boy	A little boy lying down looking under a table.
are equpitment setting electronic Two up men some	Two men are setting up some electronic equpitment
walks Las of water dog Vegas. A in a across puddle	A dog walks across a puddle of water in Las Vegas.
on lady picture little a ride. the girl the The takes of	The lady takes a picture of the little girl on the ride.
of outside of teenagers group standing a convienance store. a	a group of teenagers standing outside of a convienance store.
in shirt A and a jeans over skateboards young red graffiti-strewn background. man a	A young man in a red shirt and jeans skateboards over a graffiti-strewn background.
field. through A large dog grassy a is white and running black	A large black and white dog is running through a grassy field.
on dog brown dark standing construction equipment. A	A dark brown dog standing on construction equipment.
some child near A runs trees.	A child runs near some trees.
white llama. black a dogs are near Three	Three white dogs are near a black llama.
A front on does in a of crowd. skateboard man his trick a	A man does a trick on his skateboard in front of a crowd.
on black shore. running dog beach the A near the	A black dog running on the beach near the shore.
Baby through camera. bars playpen at looking	Baby looking through playpen bars at camera.
A a sits with ground. backwards man on the hat	A man with a backwards hat sits on the ground.
with silly people near a string door, standing Three cans.	Three people standing near a door, with silly string cans.
playing grass. the on a children are two with football	two children are playing with a football on the grass.
in a shoes leaping is white green boy a pants, blue wearing ramp. parka, A and	A boy wearing a blue parka, green pants, and white shoes is leaping in a ramp.
and white dark shirts. girls with Two hair	Two girls with dark hair and white shirts.
broken image	broken image
orange throw ready the in football. gets Number 12 to	Number 12 in orange gets ready to throw the football.
white The the girl a woman is basket. next in standing in Asian is to carrying green	The Asian girl in white is standing next to the woman in green is carrying a basket.
biker a riding on hillside a a wearing mountain helmet.	a mountain biker riding on a hillside wearing a helmet.
people. a raises A hands in her girl up crowd of	A girl raises her hands up in a crowd of people.
leash in dog white by A held woman a a on is shoes.	A dog is on a leash held by a woman in white shoes.
a eating sidewalk Two corn young without the shoes. cob on girls on	Two young girls eating corn on the cob on a sidewalk without shoes.
up a dirt finger. bike rider holds his	a dirt bike rider holds up his finger.
to slides Two softball, as ball. into play one girls other catch plate fails	Two girls play softball, one slides into plate as other fails to catch ball.
of legs standing hind on a its dog Closeup	Closeup of a dog standing on its hind legs
snowboarder railing. on does a A a trick	A snowboarder does a trick on a railing.
riding man a a above A performs bicycle dirt mound. a trick	A man riding a bicycle performs a trick above a dirt mound.
tall in A jumps red a dry catch grass. ball tennis dog to the	A red dog jumps to catch a tennis ball in the dry tall grass.
riding Two a boat. blue orange and men are	Two men are riding a blue and orange boat.
in a into is track. white as A car it rally the air the throwing approaches bend mud	A white rally car is throwing mud into the air as it approaches a bend in the track.
spray boys Young water. enjoying of a	Young boys enjoying a spray of water.
on talking a city woman curb of rests street cellphone. the on A while her	A woman rests on the curb of a city street while talking on her cellphone.
rock-climbing man A	A man rock-climbing
tennis on A a at male tennis the player tennis ball. court standing his tennis swings racket	A male tennis player standing on a tennis court swings his tennis racket at the tennis ball.
near a Two and smile. lie wooden kids rug on blocks	Two kids lie on a rug near wooden blocks and smile.
through a girl sled The in the hat the pink snow. dragging is	The girl in the pink hat is dragging a sled through the snow.
hair A a outfit with wearing weird multicolored man	A man with multicolored hair wearing a weird outfit
A plays with a dog blue red a white ball. with collar	A white dog with a blue collar plays with a red ball.
as bike dirt dirt up The he rider kicks turns.	The dirt bike rider kicks up dirt as he turns.
fisherman lake. near field A a in a	A fisherman in a field near a lake.
while playing girl outside. A laughs	A girl laughs while playing outside.
A dress with big girl and to with a black camera. her white the stands back bow	A girl with a black dress and big white bow stands with her back to the camera.
dog hurdles. jumping is blue red, over white, and A	A dog is jumping over red, white, and blue hurdles.
white t-shirts the man wearing and sunglasses smile woman A for camera. and	A man and woman wearing sunglasses and white t-shirts smile for the camera.
grass is the The dog furry on sitting black	The furry black dog is sitting on the grass
a has inside been plays cage. child with to others shopping A a stacked that create cart	A child plays inside a shopping cart that has been stacked with others to create a cage.
surf. Two look women the out into in coats	Two women in coats look out into the surf.
kids large A a statue animal. in a of stand group front four of of	A group of four kids stand in front of a statue of a large animal.
them. sprays young run water pool a girls while Two through	Two young girls run through a pool while water sprays them.
trick on in wooden shirt Cyclist doing ramp green	Cyclist in green shirt doing trick on wooden ramp
a surfboard in of off falling a man the ocean	a man falling off of a surfboard in the ocean
large toy red outdoors. to is eat a baby plastic trying A	A baby is trying to eat a large red plastic toy outdoors.
fetching dog toy. A blue brown black a and	A brown and black dog fetching a blue toy.
other, bared, room. each black plush teeth carpeted with dogs in their with Two fight a	Two black dogs fight with each other, with their teeth bared, in a plush carpeted room.
some sitting chalk girl the on is A small dropping cement	A small girl is sitting on the cement dropping some chalk
head baby above holds control and a its laughs. game A	A baby holds a game control above its head and laughs.
Six in are plastic two with on children sitting of front the in rows them. bags desk	Six children are sitting in two rows with plastic bags on the desk in front of them.
rock climbs of at man up a face stands man bottom another whist the it. a	a man stands at the bottom of a rock face whist another man climbs up it.
child net on A climbing small an elevated	A small child climbing on an elevated net
in does guy trick air. A the a	A guy does a trick in the air.
mountains. woman a cliff the of at A overlooking the stands edge	A woman stands at the edge of a cliff overlooking the mountains.
blue ribbon Young with picking asian hair girl nose.	Young asian girl with blue hair ribbon picking nose.
apart. slide his down A boy with legs slides a	A boy slides down a slide with his legs apart.
bicycler riding a is racing A bike a at event.	A bicycler is riding a bike at a racing event.
walking sidewalk a down on beach. a People	People walking down a sidewalk on a beach.
young is holding drink his a checking and The cellphone. man	The young man is holding a drink and checking his cellphone.
light dog splashes through A colored water. the	A light colored dog splashes through the water.
a of night fireball. a person A making photo	A night photo of a person making a fireball.
outside woman building, Tw smoking. one is and a stand	Tw woman stand outside a building, and one is smoking.
a stands boy stick. in rock a creek, holding on A a	A boy stands on a rock in a creek, holding a stick.
against brown white Two fence. and a dogs up	Two white and brown dogs up against a fence.
black dog is A biting brown a dog.	A brown dog is biting a black dog.
person dark A surfing. a is wetsuit in	A person in a dark wetsuit is surfing.
is and face a his brown dog jumping small over white with back on cushion. A	A small white dog with brown on his face and back is jumping over a cushion.
at Two a pose friends female for picture night.	Two female friends pose for a picture at night.
A player punting. baseball	A baseball player punting.
picture taking in a the performing is trick A a a air. bicyclist man of	A man is taking a picture of a bicyclist performing a trick in the air.
girl the a gravel pink chases ball A driveway. over small	A small girl chases a pink ball over the gravel driveway.
oar in to uses get an a ocean. out surfer the	a surfer uses an oar to get out in the ocean.
blocks, readying for at the Two are starting runners race. a	Two runners are at the starting blocks, readying for a race.
together. grey poles close very is running dog two A are that brown between	A brown dog is running between two grey poles that are very close together.
in dog water. A is playing	A dog is playing in water.
soccer green grass. wearing little running a is boy strip A on the	A little boy wearing a green soccer strip is running on the grass.
men and at camera. a smile Two the woman	Two men and a woman smile at the camera.
near runs The a pond. girl	The girl runs near a pond.
art of piece A lights. with strange	A strange piece of art with lights.
The and table eating. blue sitting in white is at boy pajamas the	The boy in blue and white pajamas is sitting at the table eating.
set lawn their sitting the feet. couple with chairs heavy a brown at A on dog grass in	A heavy set couple sitting in lawn chairs on the grass with a brown dog at their feet.
the A lifting parachute skier off ground. from	A parachute skier lifting off from the ground.
at boxers snap playfully other. Two each	Two boxers playfully snap at each other.
child slide. A down a slides green	A child slides down a green slide.
the street girl chief the justice's office. walks down a in A bag front of holding	A girl holding a bag walks down the street in front of the chief justice's office.
a and short, shirt a woman wearing skirt white black in a surface. motion artificial on green, is A	A woman wearing a white shirt and a short, black skirt is in motion on a green, artificial surface.
black the an looks dog with A camera open white and at mouth.	A black and white dog looks at the camera with an open mouth.
a a wearing hat man snowstorm. A in	A man wearing a hat in a snowstorm.
grass. across is running beige quickly the and white A dog	A beige and white dog is running quickly across the grass.
a A is yellow end a girl in little yellow the tumbling slide. of t-shirt towards	A little girl in a yellow t-shirt is tumbling towards the end of a yellow slide.
is a snowboarder A mogul. leaping	A snowboarder is leaping a mogul.
A jumping ski over yellow barrel. in man a	A man in yellow ski jumping over a barrel.
mean clinging to wearing a A a shirt face. rock red	A mean wearing a red shirt clinging to a rock face.
dogs together green grass. in yellow Two run	Two yellow dogs run together in green grass.
in A glasses man hand. at cap an his is black and wearing looking a object	A man wearing a black cap and glasses is looking at an object in his hand.
A outside. jazz plays band	A jazz band plays outside.
are on pack. their with numbers in People chests running a	People with numbers on their chests are running in a pack.
in to a boy pool. a young jumping something catch	a young boy jumping to catch something in a pool.
The is woman shorts wearing black parade. a at	The woman is wearing black shorts at a parade.
young fisher A fishes.	A young fisher fishes.
a home. grass of dogs sight a within of beautiful Two field together in	Two dogs together in a field of grass within sight of a beautiful home.
girl purple with at waits sits and Pizza. beanie Domino's A a	A girl with a purple beanie sits and waits at Domino's Pizza.
white dog in over the A woods. leaps root a small	A small white dog leaps over a root in the woods.
on outdoor equipment. man over Young playground bike jumping	Young man on bike jumping over outdoor playground equipment.
young peach. a girl hair with A eating blonde	A young girl with blonde hair eating a peach.
lasso twirling horse a head. is his a riding A brown man above	A man riding a brown horse is twirling a lasso above his head.
a a A walking near hiker backpack is with waterfall.	A hiker with a backpack is walking near a waterfall.
A man hair a red his in over backpack black a with t-shirt, gray stand shoulder.	A man in a red t-shirt, gray hair stand with a black backpack over his shoulder.
on the other in Two the standing on dogs, snow.	Two dogs, on standing on the other in the snow.
for manuever players the The soccer ball.	The players manuever for the soccer ball.
white the dog in small A snow.	A small white dog in the snow.
is An on bench. resting a couple older	An older couple is resting on a bench.
a black pulls sleigh A red dog	A black dog pulls a red sleigh
is bench. skateboarder wooden jump about from a The to	The skateboarder is about to jump from a wooden bench.
are ball room Two in is in family its catching playing, a one dogs mouth. a	Two dogs in a family room are playing, one is catching a ball in its mouth.
a little laying striped boy belly his in a A swing. shirt on on	A little boy in a striped shirt laying on his belly on a swing.
a next are a women Two stage. smiling to on microphone	Two women are smiling next to a microphone on a stage.
people walking desert. are in Two a	Two people are walking in a desert.
leaning on with Man railing him behind lampost	Man leaning on railing with lampost behind him
with walks who little a hand-in-hand boy woman out a like he's pulling A looks wedgie	A woman walks hand-in-hand with a little boy who looks like he's pulling out a wedgie
on trick a green a a bench high pants doing wearing snowboarder	a snowboarder wearing green pants doing a trick on a high bench
jumping shadow casts stairs. skateboarder A a down	A skateboarder casts a shadow jumping down stairs.
of sit A around flat a table group in friends tv. a front screen of	A group of friends sit around a table in front of a flat screen tv.
rock his shirt A climbing a bare man a in hands. red with	A man in a red shirt climbing a rock with his bare hands.
can water a using A person shower, taking as source. watering outside the an	A person taking an outside shower, using a watering can as the water source.
ran in the shallow white The dog water.	The white dog ran in the shallow water.
called A a in walking the bar. long something is past man white shirt lounge sleeved	A man in a long sleeved white shirt is walking past something called the lounge bar.
pond. the jumping up from Animal	Animal jumping up from the pond.
man red bike mud, the A in in dirt drives spray. covered a on	A man on a red dirt bike drives in the mud, covered in spray.
turquoise wearing bonnets Two dresses girls and a beside and tree. blue young walking are	Two young girls wearing blue and turquoise dresses and bonnets are walking beside a tree.
with young is boy blue covered A cake. eyes in blue	A young boy with blue eyes is covered in blue cake.
dark a smoking near green skinned trashcan. man A a cigarette	A dark skinned man smoking a cigarette near a green trashcan.
in oars of blue yellow group a and red girls boat a small with	a group of girls in a small blue and red boat with yellow oars
holding a pirate crossbones's dressed up flag and as A boy little a skull	A little boy dressed as a pirate holding up a skull and crossbones's flag
in baby a standing sling. in is the street A with a woman	A woman is standing in the street with a baby in a sling.
people background. skateboard in interesting on young two building, sitting an the A on boy his are of chairs in playing a while patio	A young boy playing on his skateboard on a patio of an interesting building, while two people are sitting in chairs in the background.
board. a white jump dogs Two white muzzles over wearing	Two white dogs wearing muzzles jump over a white board.
boy ears. covering sitting between covering is his boy his The little his covering another eyes and mouth a	The little boy covering his mouth is sitting between a covering his eyes and another boy covering his ears.
area. chases a grassy trailing dog, across a a tennis ball A leash,	A dog, trailing a leash, chases a tennis ball across a grassy area.
in yellow his skis. man A jumps with	A man in yellow jumps with his skis.
shirtless man on his used rocky the The while sitting beach. camera	The shirtless man used his camera while sitting on the rocky beach.
driveway the twin in toy with Two playing a girls	Two twin girls playing with a toy in the driveway
down runs highway. green Man wearing sneakers	Man wearing green sneakers runs down highway.
boy A plays basketball.	A boy plays basketball.
playing screen. game on a video life A is a sized girl	A girl is playing a video game on a life sized screen.
snowy Two run through dogs field. a	Two dogs run through a snowy field.
sailing at sunset is ship looking old The	The old looking ship is sailing at sunset
children sunglasses young wearing Two	Two young children wearing sunglasses
the A grass. dog in large sits	A large dog sits in the grass.
of in square up. the looking people standing town Group	Group of people standing in the town square looking up.
Two playing off one red dogs surf, the a black ball sand. grabbing in	Two black dogs playing in surf, one grabbing a red ball off the sand.
from balcony another. one to A jumps young man	A young man jumps from one balcony to another.
grass. of light mouth dog colored this hanging with on running the tongue out A	A light colored dog with tongue hanging out of this mouth running on the grass.
jumps off a in of the snowboarder snowy ramp a mountains	a snowboarder jumps off of a ramp in the snowy mountains
climbers rock a in line. the holds while the and climbing row in are man the red watches Several	Several climbers in a row are climbing the rock while the man in red watches and holds the line.
jump white over a agility jumps a collie	a collie jumps over a white agility jump
stick a dead collar green leaves. fetches dog A the a in from	A dog in a green collar fetches a stick from the dead leaves.
guitar, to flowers girl some little playing A the the left.	A little girl playing the guitar, some flowers to the left.
A snowy peak.	A snowy peak.
around the tries another The player to basketball block him. player court as looks	The basketball player looks around the court as another player tries to block him.
a head woman pack a cigarettes of stone A wearing and carton a on cigarettes scarves green and of holding by structure. a her Winston dress long	A woman wearing a long green dress and scarves on her head holding a pack of cigarettes and a carton of Winston cigarettes by a stone structure.
wall. to at easels A and are on and fencing woman clipped a artwork that looking is man	A man and woman are looking at artwork that is on easels and clipped to a fencing wall.
man dog struggles a little A with slipper. a holding	A little dog struggles with a man holding a slipper.
head. a Senior for with sombrero on citizen shoes his shops	Senior citizen shops for shoes with a sombrero on his head.
by talking old A man held old another mike man. into a	A old man talking into a mike held by another old man.
riding peddled bicycle boy. by umbrella on with girl a an is A the of a back smiling	A girl with an umbrella is riding on the back of a bicycle peddled by a smiling boy.
land. a the across runs dog	a dog runs across the land.
young naked play Two the water. in boys	Two naked young boys play in the water.
and grass. dog white little street the onto towards from bounding camera beige, the the black A green is	A beige, white and black little dog is bounding towards the camera from the street onto the green grass.
girl boy and in young young bathing A suits. a	A young boy and a young girl in bathing suits.
people for dressed party. a Three are costume	Three people are dressed for a costume party.
his is helmet A wearing a black man pushing bicycle.	A man wearing a black helmet is pushing his bicycle.
children ground. the on Three sitting	Three children sitting on the ground.
A a man drink. sipping	A man sipping a drink.
the a ball in soccer players chasing grass. Two	Two soccer players chasing a ball in the grass.
white a a young blue A red man and girl skirt. chasing wearing	A man chasing a young girl wearing a red white and blue skirt.
dogs a Five pulling are snow. person sled the a sled, on through	Five sled dogs are pulling a person on a sled, through the snow.
blue Two and green sticking tongues are kids colored their out.	Two kids are sticking their blue and green colored tongues out.
office. A a holding in baby an is cute girl bald man	A bald man is holding a cute baby girl in an office.
white and A dog brown orange leaves. running over is	A white and brown dog is running over orange leaves.
leash water on a black A in dog walking	A black dog on a leash walking in water
the dock stands hugging. on a by couple water A	A couple stands on a dock by the water hugging.
dog a brown black the beach on and walking	a brown and black dog walking on the beach
a group standing of firetruck. people red are A around	A group of people are standing around a red firetruck.
a smiling. a crust shirt green in little eats of A child bread,	A little child in a green shirt eats a crust of bread, smiling.
pad spotted a on A on a dog porch. over rolling placed	A spotted dog rolling over on a pad placed on a porch.
colorful woman a next of view to a The in a back woman shirt black a top. sitting in	The back view of a woman in a colorful shirt sitting next to a woman in a black top.
air. a black and the in a up red hood black outfit with and person is A	A person with a black and red outfit and a black hood is up in the air.
on dogs Three running are grass. the	Three dogs are running on the grass.
and pose smile young girl photo. and A for woman a a	A woman and a young girl pose and smile for a photo.
a a Two stand park. white boys and dog in	Two boys and a white dog stand in a park.
Asian spectators.	Asian spectators.
pink jacket. wearing and girl silver The shoes a is	The girl is wearing silver shoes and a pink jacket.
other. in football men are Three game a tackling are each involved	Three men are involved in a football game are tackling each other.
A white wearing red woods. a though runs harness dog the	A white dog wearing a red harness runs though the woods.
boy A young jumps water. into	A young boy jumps into water.
player ball soccer the runs for near a child goal. A	A child soccer player runs for a ball near the goal.
baseball field. child a uniform in on runs baseball a A	A child in a baseball uniform runs on a baseball field.
Obama wearing This man holding and a an a is cup t-shirt.	This is a man holding a cup and wearing an Obama t-shirt.
the kayak. standing water a in with man is A	A man is standing in the water with a kayak.
the its a buoy dog in water brown mouth holding in A	A brown dog holding a buoy in its mouth in the water
Brown dog furry sticking tongue. his A out husky	A Brown furry husky dog sticking out his tongue.
looking at The ship is the together couple ocean. large the in	The couple is together looking at the large ship in the ocean.
in dogs are field. rough a playing Three sandy	Three dogs are playing rough in a sandy field.
The speckled marsh. dog through the runs	The speckled dog runs through the marsh.
tennis. playing young A woman	A young woman playing tennis.
rock a the side wearing on climber face. is a helmet of white A perched	A climber wearing a white helmet is perched on the side of a rock face.
girl reach the for A wearing lean over purple ducks. edge the to	A girl wearing purple lean over the edge to reach for the ducks.
over A dog brown jumps an obstacle.	A brown dog jumps over an obstacle.
him. sofa on and man is under The bridge all sits a around the litter	The man sits on a sofa under the bridge and litter is all around him.
a the man A a during uniform game. white wearing dribbles basketball	A man wearing a white uniform dribbles the basketball during a game.
dog the is large with red collar in the The brown grass.	The large brown dog with the red collar is in the grass.
the on ground Someone person Nitro in a behind them. another snowboard on midair and	Someone on a Nitro snowboard in midair and another person on the ground behind them.
calm a and woman sitting a are water. man A in on rowboat	A man and a woman are sitting in a rowboat on calm water.
tan stick a is dog its with mouth. A shallow water in through running	A tan dog is running through shallow water with a stick in its mouth.
wave. a over a is surfer his riding board	a surfer is riding his board over a wave.
the woman jump dog watches stairs. down A a	A woman watches a dog jump down the stairs.
biker jump. a a clears dirt	a dirt biker clears a jump.
out. A looks jacket man in a	A man in a jacket looks out.
A to next old advertisement. sitting an little lady	A little old lady sitting next to an advertisement.
table woman an A at cafe blond really sits big hair. outdoor with	A woman sits at an outdoor cafe table with really big blond hair.
grassy ramp. bike BMX rider dirt The a jumps	The BMX bike rider jumps a grassy dirt ramp.
hat in dressed with several outside. cats blue black a to Person next	Person dressed in black with a blue hat next to several cats outside.
brown Two white beach. playing a dogs and on	Two white and brown dogs playing on a beach.
fence. A dress and holding is a posing in next girl little lolly to boots a pop and a	A little girl in a dress and boots is holding a lolly pop and posing next to a fence.
over A leaps dog a barrier.	A dog leaps over a barrier.
Dog lone through races grass tree. by	Dog races through grass by lone tree.
helmet by people one river, stand points. a a wearing Two	Two people stand by a river, one wearing a helmet points.
on snow clothes wearing rest hikers covered a Two dark peak.	Two hikers wearing dark clothes rest on a snow covered peak.
stockcar A at couple is race he a in in. racing the that rain outside	A couple outside in the rain at a stockcar race that he is racing in.
a pieces, paper hold prevent him to a Two grabbing boys, third by from shirt bag. boys surrounded	Two boys, surrounded by paper pieces, hold a third boys shirt to prevent him from grabbing a bag.
off camera. casual looking clothes man Middle-aged in	Middle-aged man in casual clothes looking off camera.
city. a next standing a are to women overlooking railing Two	Two women are standing next to a railing overlooking a city.
two brown the running through snow. dogs	two brown dogs running through the snow.
dog sand. the A in runs brown	A brown dog runs in the sand.
ball. The dog is black a though the pink running water with	The black dog is running though the water with a pink ball.
dog Long on necked jumps	Long necked dog jumps on
dressed together. a posing for event couple A formal	A couple dressed for a formal event posing together.
a dog breed mixed and terrier playing. A dog	A terrier dog and a mixed breed dog playing.
on racetrack. a driven A is blue motorcycle being	A blue motorcycle is being driven on a racetrack.
different Several together. brown gather of sizes dogs	Several brown dogs of different sizes gather together.
stone rise, in air. rider Bike of jumps does off trick gray	Bike rider jumps off of gray stone rise, does trick in air.
in of a steps set walk Five men down tuxedos	Five men in tuxedos walk down a set of steps
front man motor-scooter in holding is of up a A picture. a standing	A man is standing in front of a motor-scooter holding up a picture.
children the Two snow. playing in	Two children playing in the snow.
dog its licking nose the is A in grass.	A dog is licking its nose in the grass.
red and helmet A a to looks left. man in football uniform the	A man in a red football uniform and helmet looks to the left.
The bathing girl squeals. near her and in stands suit the sprinkers little	The little girl in her bathing suit stands near the sprinkers and squeals.
girl's pass the a hand as sign. the jacket they in is The yellow black man little holding	The man in the black jacket is holding the little girl's hand as they pass a yellow sign.
girl A a a parking near sidewalk rope on garage. jumping	A girl jumping rope on a sidewalk near a parking garage.
shallow and stand water. in A in boy man young very waders	A man and young boy in waders stand in very shallow water.
run a boy grass. the dog and A through	A boy and a dog run through the grass.
the woman on look man a and is to the man A right, talking cellphone.	A man and woman look to the right, the man is talking on a cellphone.
walking rocks. on Woman the	Woman walking on the rocks.
A an urban area boy in skateboarding	A boy skateboarding in an urban area
sitting are sitting pavement a on wall. A are dog and man by the a	A man and a dog are sitting on the pavement are sitting by a wall.
grass, on barking at other. the Two dogs each	Two dogs on the grass, barking at each other.
in child A blue playing shirt young sand a is with	A young child in a blue shirt is playing with sand
a a Frisbee holding for white with on a road. jumping dog it Person	Person holding a Frisbee with a white dog jumping for it on a road.
singing Man and a guitar. playing	Man singing and playing a guitar.
the black on court. is a about hot ball to girl, a shirt pink A tennis hit pants, and in	A girl, in a black shirt and hot pink pants, is about to hit a tennis ball on the court.
smiling a woman embracing A an with in girl jacket print. a apple young	A smiling woman embracing a young girl in a jacket with an apple print.
a walks makes blue A the a with coat boy face as young grass. he funny towards	A young boy with a blue coat makes a funny face as he walks towards the grass.
a in in player being by football blue. A orange tackled player	A football player in orange being tackled by a player in blue.
into children pool Four the together. jump	Four children jump into the pool together.
mountain. the side a is of man climbing A	A man is climbing the side of a mountain.
young running street boy a a race in	a young boy running in a street race
Athletic spiking volleyball. man	Athletic man spiking volleyball.
down going hill. a sandy buggy A dune	A dune buggy going down a sandy hill.
orange sunglasses woman jogs. A in	A woman in orange sunglasses jogs.
and a over tree A and bench. runs snow black white dog by	A black and white dog runs over snow by a tree and bench.
boy mirror wearing A sunglasses.	A boy wearing mirror sunglasses.
woodland is on a riding path. A in red mountain biker	A mountain biker in red is riding on a woodland path.
a adults day. on play Some Cricket nice	Some adults play Cricket on a nice day.
A is of log sitting a on girl some in the middle trees.	A girl is sitting on a log in the middle of some trees.
boy camo jumping in pants into water. A blue	A boy in blue camo pants jumping into water.
in pitches baseball boy game. A a	A boy pitches in a baseball game.
race. their run of on shirts paper in A a crowd numbers men wearing	A crowd of men wearing paper numbers on their shirts run in a race.
A descends a bike a on boy pipe. half	A boy on a bike descends a half pipe.
by pull a ground. carriage a snow Two woman covered horses over driven	Two horses pull a carriage driven by a woman over snow covered ground.
Man hat denim sunglasses. wearing in dark	Man in denim hat wearing dark sunglasses.
a rope girls skips in A lot. parking	A girls skips rope in a parking lot.
and girl pose. a red red in midair young sneakers hoodie, in A red split dressed front pants a	A young girl dressed in a red hoodie, red pants and red sneakers in a midair front split pose.
on around. black man a all a with surface weeds rides wearing a brown, bike grassy bike A helmet	A man wearing a black bike helmet rides a bike on a brown, grassy surface with weeds all around.
A wearing backpack. of the sitting a shirt in mountain on a man a side blue	A man in a blue shirt sitting on the side of a mountain wearing a backpack.
ramp down Someone front skateboarding wheelchair a in tall a of building. yellow	Someone skateboarding down a wheelchair ramp in front of a tall yellow building.
tennis male his racket. A tennis holding player	A male tennis player holding his tennis racket.
skateboarding. kids are Two	Two kids are skateboarding.
each colorful other. facing birds Two	Two colorful birds facing each other.
Three sign. " on skis skiing individuals posing are behind a no "	Three individuals are posing on skis behind a " no skiing " sign.
group walking. of teenage A girls Chinese	A group of Chinese teenage girls walking.
jumping couch. on girl a A little	A little girl jumping on a couch.
racetrack billboards motorcycles in on the turn with round the a background. Numbered	Numbered motorcycles round the turn on a racetrack with billboards in the background.
rock sky White blue of standing on in front dog	White dog standing on rock in front of blue sky
girl a clothes, the wearing on A and woman front lawn, sits traditional book. from reading	A woman and girl wearing traditional clothes, sits on the front lawn, reading from a book.
of climbing pole boy ground one with boy small help the on the another a	one small boy climbing a pole with the help of another boy on the ground
the blond boy The walking grass. is shirt striped wearing through a	The blond boy wearing a striped shirt is walking through the grass.
is in covered shirtless man and red is A marks.	A man is shirtless and is covered in red marks.
on seats pole by sitting orange People	People sitting on seats by orange pole
Child and playing hiding hay. underneath	Child playing and hiding underneath hay.
man rocky of on the a stands cliff. large ledge A	A man stands on the rocky ledge of a large cliff.
snowboarding slope. Person ski a at	Person snowboarding at a ski slope.
dog whilst in are standing One the two dogs is running snow. other	One dog is standing whilst two other dogs are running in the snow.
dog the yellow at brown nips and white The dog.	The brown and white dog nips at the yellow dog.
defending game. a in the A hockey goal goal	A goal defending the goal in a hockey game.
game. cricket in professional up winds man pitching ball cricket for a A a	A man winds up for pitching a cricket ball in a professional cricket game.
dog A playing toy. with its	A dog playing with its toy.
The around shore. near dogs are running the three	The three dogs are running around near the shore.
statues. some gathered people by Several are	Several people are gathered by some statues.
shirts left. wearing walk to Two woman similar the	Two woman wearing similar shirts walk to the left.
group large of people walking	large group of people walking
a looks on wave catches ski man A a of jet case surfer an a on accident. as in	A surfer catches a wave as a man on a jet ski looks on in case of an accident.
stages balloons water of The early toss. a	The early stages of a water balloons toss.
A pass metal crossing a a bridge. mountain on man is	A man is crossing a mountain pass on a metal bridge.
into railing protects front of is a kneeling water. A photographer is that falling in	A photographer is kneeling in front of a railing that is protects falling into water.
a bike a man on race	a man on a race bike
in a orange and a is white swing. blonde playing on t-shirt a boy	a blonde boy in a white and orange t-shirt is playing on a swing.
a white tennis in midair. dog for and jumps ball brown A	A white and brown dog jumps for a tennis ball in midair.
A man pole. a on leaning	A man leaning on a pole.
a game A blocks. wooden plays boy with	A boy plays a game with wooden blocks.
along side river white A running dog a	A white dog running along side a river
up all see The snow around. camper opens to	The camper opens up to see snow all around.
ball playing white black A dog on is and a lawn. with a	A black and white dog is playing with a ball on a lawn.
seated an father's in while airplane. on falls asleep A arms young her girl	A young girl falls asleep in her father's arms while seated on an airplane.
hill. beagle down grassy A walks a	A beagle walks down a grassy hill.
and wearing red holds elephant in fabric An trunk. grass his blue	An elephant wearing red and blue fabric holds grass in his trunk.
wall rider, rides. a bmx	a bmx rider, wall rides.
works standing on hand girl The other as the is girl painting. glasses with her	The girl is standing as the other girl with glasses works on her hand painting.
jumping hurdle. furry dog a is over A	A furry dog is jumping over a hurdle.
in attire, with probably wedding. formal a posing at A four man girls	A man posing with four girls in formal attire, probably at a wedding.
The plain. is a grassy through riding biker	The biker is riding through a grassy plain.
pf window. laptops in on People front a large	People on laptops in front pf a large window.
A peach. a eats girl	A girl eats a peach.
flowers. a walking Three park are with in people	Three people are walking in a park with flowers.
skating angle. low Boy skateboard, from photographed on	Boy skating on skateboard, photographed from low angle.
brown with dog in and its white mouth. baseball a	brown and white dog with a baseball in its mouth.
sweater the a at camera. Man pointing in	Man in a sweater pointing at the camera.
play children with at night. sparklers The	The children play with sparklers at night.
the a popped jacket a wearing kisses in woman neck leather A of with a the scarf. a man gray in collar coat white	A man in a leather jacket with the collar popped kisses the neck of a woman in a gray coat wearing a white scarf.
the blue bright water The stand fountain. boys two jeans in at	The two boys in bright blue jeans stand at the water fountain.
boy a standing is A the grass. in holding racket	A boy holding a racket is standing in the grass.
is A sand. running white on dog	A white dog is running on sand.
skirts heels sidewalk. wearing and Two walking women a down	Two women wearing skirts and heels walking down a sidewalk.
crowd. watches trick skateboarder air, the in another so does A and does a a	A skateboarder does a trick in the air, another watches and so does a crowd.
down. sitting asian people Three	Three asian people sitting down.
bags on street four on girls with shoulders. a Asian corner, The are standing their book all	The four Asian girls are standing on a street corner, all with book bags on their shoulders.
their the Gators around wrapped The each in have men arms other. helmets	The men in the Gators helmets have their arms wrapped around each other.
with hat christmas theme. wearing Man a a black	Man wearing a black hat with a christmas theme.
black collapsed a playing large, ball. are dogs Two with	Two large, black dogs are playing with a collapsed ball.
of ball. for Lacrosse the struggling control players	Lacrosse players struggling for control of the ball.
park. a toy face boy in playground the water A by at splashed is a	A boy is splashed in the face by a playground toy at a water park.
The on color the cake and girl red icing the girls both has lip. eating upper wearing her are	The girls are both eating and the girl wearing the color red has cake icing on her upper lip.
grey dog A from stairs. under some head his sticking out	A dog sticking his head out from under some grey stairs.
adults Young contraption. wheel uniforms wearing a	Young adults wearing uniforms wheel a contraption.
his Man bicycle over A pyramid. jumping is a	A Man is jumping his bicycle over a pyramid.
american a him. a caucasion take runs to the from An with basketball as tries african ball	An african american runs with a basketball as a caucasion tries to take the ball from him.
sunsets. woman by lack A walking on the rope as a is a	A woman is walking on a rope by a lack as the sunsets.
boy a a a young sits reading book. bookstore A in chair in	A young boy sits in a chair in a bookstore reading a book.
in well blond cage. three dressed children a	three well dressed blond children in a cage.
on with big grass weeds. field filled and dog a A tan runs	A big tan dog runs on a field filled with grass and weeds.
a a for A poses a picture black sweatshirt in man parking lot. wearing	A man wearing a black sweatshirt poses for a picture in a parking lot.
dog A of white and black leaping the out water.	A black and white dog leaping out of the water.
A plays behind on. few people while him young boy basketball a look	A young boy plays basketball while a few people behind him look on.
beach. ball his A on the a legs spotted to stands dog on hind catch	A spotted dog stands on his hind legs to catch a ball on the beach.
in their ocean. A windboarder windboard stands on the	A windboarder stands on their windboard in the ocean.
jumping off of Children cement.	Children jumping off of cement.
orange running an black ball. after dogs Three	Three black dogs running after an orange ball.
baseball player ball. the trows a	a baseball player trows the ball.
above. a A ocean man and pulled from board the being riding is is in	A man is riding a board in the ocean and is being pulled from above.
out hang party. people at a Young	Young people hang out at a party.
near man jumps a brick wall. with bike his A	A man jumps with his bike near a brick wall.
bars a a man child lifts playground. the A to at up reach	A man lifts a child up to reach the bars at a playground.
jumping trick a on a A skateboard. does man	A man does a jumping trick on a skateboard.
man stunts is a a doing in A helmet bike. on	A man in a helmet is doing stunts on a bike.
the smoking the in in stone sits the woman black steps. The gray woman is coat and on coat	The woman in the black coat is smoking and the woman in the gray coat sits on stone steps.
bed. on white a baby in sitting top a A is	A baby in a white top is sitting on a bed.
grass. beige play dogs Two the in	Two beige dogs play in the grass.
feet t-shirt cellphone. green talking in whilst his a the up on has man The	The man in the green t-shirt has his feet up whilst talking on a cellphone.
a in face. punches the a boxer boxer	a boxer punches a boxer in the face.
whilst a laying shirt. A dog down brown superman wearing is	A brown dog is laying down whilst wearing a superman shirt.
of and full A adults room children.	A room full of adults and children.
leaps small stream. over dog A a	A small dog leaps over a stream.
outdoors past bike mouth young boy his stone wall. his he A as has rides a open	A young boy has his mouth open as he rides his bike outdoors past a stone wall.
a kisses. couple	a couple kisses.
pink girl top large nose. wearing funny glasses Blonde with while with smiling	Blonde girl with pink top smiling while wearing funny glasses with large nose.
raft. and a on boys yellow wearing vests A are are group make-shift of life 6	A group of 6 boys are wearing yellow life vests and are on a make-shift raft.
arm teenage wrestle girls while Two third a watches. girl	Two teenage girls arm wrestle while a third girl watches.
an little by A a around unseen hand. sweater swung girl in is	A little girl in a sweater is swung around by an unseen hand.
Three dogs play a lake. by	Three dogs play by a lake.
kneeling Four ball front with each to next a of other boys them. in	Four boys kneeling next to each other with a ball in front of them.
after ball. chases yellow a dog A	A dog chases after a yellow ball.
bike Four dirt on are riding riders road. dirt a	Four dirt bike riders are riding on a dirt road.
A is dog running.	A dog is running.
a white mountain turn. races through wearing biker A	A mountain biker wearing white races through a turn.
shirt, A with lady hat pink a it. and in boat veil in green packages straw rowing a	A lady in a pink shirt, green veil and straw hat rowing a boat with packages in it.
loop-the-loop. hang coaster People as a down upside a executes spiral roller	People hang upside down as a roller coaster executes a spiral loop-the-loop.
out woman baby. has with on green blanket floor spread sit seats, Near to	Near seats, woman has spread out green blanket to sit on floor with baby.
picture camera. in A man his at looking a	A man looking at a picture in his camera.
mouths. caps, dressed heavy their coats, knit children, cover gloves, and Three in	Three children, dressed in heavy coats, gloves, and knit caps, cover their mouths.
Child head balloons. strings confetti, with dancing surrounded by pink on	Child with pink strings on head dancing surrounded by confetti, balloons.
in A blue jumps white catch a a dog ball room. to living	A white dog jumps to catch a blue ball in a living room.
A dog mouth. has its on in snow something	A dog on snow has something in its mouth.
work people inside laptops store. a Three on their	Three people work on their laptops inside a store.
people around sitting a night. Several fire at are	Several people are sitting around a fire at night.
outfits orange Two and hands girls smile. hold wearing	Two girls wearing orange outfits hold hands and smile.
boy A the camera. at smiling and a is kite flying	A boy is flying a kite and smiling at the camera.
a shirt park. boy blue A a through youg in walks	A youg boy in a blue shirt walks through a park.
The is a surfer from riding coming in wave. big	The surfer is coming in from riding a big wave.
in naked woman paint covered A	A naked woman covered in paint
a creates trick behind skateboard and shadow wall performs jumping him. a on on a man A the	A man performs a jumping trick on a skateboard and creates a shadow on the wall behind him.
with blocks child A on wooden building a table. playing	A child playing with building blocks on a wooden table.
body carrying boy board sand. black A across is the a	A boy is carrying a black body board across the sand.
at as woman Man playing glass flinging table, cards and woman reacts. man	Man and woman at glass table, man flinging playing cards as woman reacts.
outside. Frisbee Two fighting are a red over dogs	Two dogs are fighting over a red Frisbee outside.
dog and with two black white and bag. plastic dogs other the sleeps play while One black a white	One black and white dog sleeps while the other two black and white dogs play with a plastic bag.
mouth its is to brown laying pacifier a baby and with next a dog. in Naked black	Naked baby with a pacifier in its mouth is laying next to a brown and black dog.
outdoors. man doing This is stunt a on a skateboard	This man is doing a stunt on a skateboard outdoors.
with and grass white brown in a A its stick pitbull mouth. runs the through	A brown and white pitbull runs through the grass with a stick in its mouth.
with a center visitor's passengers waiting docked board. are at Four ferry to boats	Four ferry boats are docked at a visitor's center with passengers waiting to board.
Racedog has number 8. the	Racedog has the number 8.
bird its is in carrying black A puppy a mouth. white	A white puppy is carrying a black bird in its mouth.
over shaded slide the portion jumps trees. A by equipment playground of child	A child jumps over the slide portion of playground equipment shaded by trees.
man watching against trashcan and a robe A a in pedestrians. leaning	A man in a robe leaning against a trashcan and watching pedestrians.
little very A man jump doing red wearing on clothing is a a bicycle.	A man wearing very little clothing is doing a jump on a red bicycle.
crowded a street. pose a for picture group on of boys A	A group of boys pose for a picture on a crowded street.
red. The person bicycle is wearing on the	The person on the bicycle is wearing red.
lake. leaping The girl the into is	The girl is leaping into the lake.
teams in basketball a Two game. compete	Two teams compete in a basketball game.
pictures. takes A white coat girl a in	A girl in a white coat takes pictures.
and a in walking walkway women band dancing Two on background pedestrians with by the	Two women dancing on a walkway with band in the background and pedestrians walking by
other dive. outstreached in dark geese one Two wings a is starting blue water has goose the	Two geese in dark blue water one goose has wings outstreached the other is starting a dive.
boy a chain playing a at A beach on	A boy playing on a chain at a beach
make and player on. a look while tries goal A the to goalie player another hockey	A hockey player tries to make a goal while the goalie and another player look on.
blue Three as bathing swimming hands into wearing jump outdoors boys happy an pool. they hold suits	Three happy boys wearing blue bathing suits hold hands as they jump into an outdoors swimming pool.
on tan and is beam. A walking a dog white	A tan and white dog is walking on a beam.
female air. A swimmer for up comes	A female swimmer comes up for air.
upside-down boy jumping young A pool. into a	A young boy jumping upside-down into a pool.
stands A man city a crosswalk. at	A man stands at a city crosswalk.
and several are There pelicans one is flying.	There are several pelicans and one is flying.
to grass in him. next with A a lying smaller the dog dog large	A large dog lying in the grass with a smaller dog next to him.
shower. taking A a is man	A man is taking a shower.
the in air girl A is trees. the doing some in splits of front	A girl is doing the splits in the air in front of some trees.
and in number construction a workers site on temporary rest. a On multi-story shirts lean of railings red	On a multi-story construction site a number of workers in red shirts lean on temporary railings and rest.
over slide a The does snowboarder obstacle. a wooden board	The snowboarder does a board slide over a wooden obstacle.
on An artist painting a small canvas	An artist painting on a small canvas
Four blanket a hooded outdoors. under children huddle	Four hooded children huddle under a blanket outdoors.
in dog A away is grass the running	A dog is running away in the grass
to catch dog toy the ready A snow, a playing in	A dog playing in the snow, ready to catch a toy
on off. shoes the his lays street with down person a	a person lays down on the street with his shoes off.
man a walking a street, carrying woman luggage. down A and	A man and a woman walking down a street, carrying luggage.
people past Some walk billboard. large a	Some people walk past a large billboard.
are A group of playing players soccer. soccer	A group of soccer players are playing soccer.
landscape picture a flying of a motorcyclist A kites. and person	A landscape picture of a motorcyclist and a person flying kites.
on blue is shorts boy the bouncing bed. in The	The boy in blue shorts is bouncing on the bed.
track. are the Jockeys horses their riding down	Jockeys are riding their horses down the track.
stands bus. to a a next man	a man stands next to a bus.
grass. large black the runs green dog along A	A large black dog runs along the green grass.
wearing practicing by this group of safety the while river are raft in on a water preservers people	this group of people are practicing water safety by wearing preservers while in a raft on the river
is on sitting his head outside on a chin. floor the door A his man and	A man is sitting on the floor outside a door and his head on his chin.
at group orange boots A with neon a suspenders. an pants outdoor includes party camouflage and wearing man	A group at an outdoor party includes a man wearing camouflage pants with neon orange boots and suspenders.
in young water. the girls playing Four	Four young girls playing in the water.
street standing red with outside a A and on. lady a scarf purse	A lady standing outside a street with a red purse and scarf on.
over the training a jumping that grass. is Collie on hurdle	Collie jumping over a training hurdle that is on the grass.
off quarterpipe. rider a a launches bmx	a bmx rider launches off a quarterpipe.
of staircase. man next in hat woman hat to with a a a front and a in A facial stands red hair	A man with facial hair and a hat stands next to a woman in a red hat in front of a staircase.
a valley. hilltop green people a are overlooking Three on	Three people are on a hilltop overlooking a green valley.
an off girl ride a is a young park. A man helping at amusement	A man is helping a young girl off a ride at an amusement park.
drink a water tries sprinkler. to A dog from	A dog tries to drink water from a sprinkler.
is The dog mouth. the in black on its running grass a with toy	The black dog is running on the grass with a toy in its mouth.
goalie ready the A hockey for puck.	A hockey goalie ready for the puck.
girl A camera. a little holding	A little girl holding a camera.
trunks water. man swim wearing into the rock high jumping from in orange A a	A man wearing orange swim trunks in jumping from a high rock into the water.
with edge dock his down a kneels camera. the photographer next to of A	A photographer kneels down next to the edge of a dock with his camera.
cap man in a people of white is a A head pointing sitting to on blanket. a white robe long group and	A man in a long white robe and white head cap is pointing to a group of people sitting on a blanket.
grass. ball the playing girl young with a A is in soccer	A young girl is playing with a soccer ball in the grass.
binoculars. through sits up floor girl and A young the on forest looks	A young girl sits on the forest floor and looks up through binoculars.
is water. into man The the jumping	The man is jumping into the water.
Two snowy in scene. a snowboarders	Two snowboarders in a snowy scene.
black Obama The hat. supporter brown wears a and jacket	The Obama supporter wears a black jacket and brown hat.
a man front shirt of in a in black with A cigarette others.	A man in a black shirt with a cigarette in front of others.
ramp skate guy rollerskating on	guy rollerskating on skate ramp
dog A and dog white the run along larger grass. tan	A tan dog and larger white dog run along the grass.
a backpack. A with man shirtless	A shirtless man with a backpack.
A a man down hill. skiing	A man skiing down a hill.
taking A in and a lady notes. microphone speaking another	A lady speaking in a microphone and another taking notes.
with two walking a desert the huge people in a along distance. statue	two people walking along a huge desert with a statue in the distance.
black yellow is making rider turn. and The motorcycle a in	The motorcycle rider in yellow and black is making a turn.
child soccer stuffed small a A ball. holds	A small child holds a stuffed soccer ball.
shows man A child. fish a to a	A man shows a fish to a child.
of and yellow little a A girl jumping in boy on are front trampoline a building.	A little boy and girl are jumping on a trampoline in front of a yellow building.
a wearing man A bow green and glasses tie.	A man wearing glasses and a green bow tie.
in play boys little the sprinklers. left by the behind water Two	Two little boys play in the water left behind by the sprinklers.
A the in buried sand. girl little	A little girl buried in the sand.
barn. a of snowboards roof up the Someone	Someone snowboards up the roof of a barn.
A a dog. and and cow white away brown jumps cattle white black from	A brown and white cow jumps away from a black and white cattle dog.
the dog A sand across running	A dog running across the sand
Rottweiler in one Three ball and are one one mouth, field. its a running tennis Corgi in dogs, Setter Irish with	Three dogs, one Rottweiler with a tennis ball in its mouth, one Irish Setter and one Corgi are running in field.
ride A helps little man a a girl bike.	A man helps a little girl ride a bike.
of with on of a street old sides buildings them. talking down are city bunch both A people	A bunch of people are talking down a city street with old buildings on both sides of them.
trees. in each front girls other standing black of Two next in dresses to are browm	Two girls in black dresses are standing next to each other in front of browm trees.
water with rocks around walking flowing on them. man is A	A man is walking on rocks with water flowing around them.
Two dog in play brown the water. together	Two brown dog play together in the water.
kayak water. man riding a is A through	A man is riding a kayak through water.
A a corner. coming blue around car race is	A blue race car is coming around a corner.
a A hurdle a area. dog in jumps black grassy	A black dog jumps a hurdle in a grassy area.
are playing uniforms. with and white Two orange girls soccer	Two girls are playing soccer with orange and white uniforms.
cats, laying The the three accents tabby, with gray in a grass. two white and calico are brown	The three cats, two white with calico accents and a gray tabby, are laying in the brown grass.
snowy A leaps through a dog field.	A dog leaps through a snowy field.
field. Two running in dogs a	Two dogs running in a field.
are Two people on jumping in mountains. the a bridge	Two people are jumping on a bridge in the mountains.
of pile boy is sweatshirt The a a wearing red jumping off hay.	The boy wearing a red sweatshirt is jumping off a pile of hay.
rock ledge. on climbing up a man A	A man climbing up on a rock ledge.
number of and while chased being running a is a red a field wearing A 6 bird. dog grass through by green	A dog is wearing a red number 6 and running through a field of green grass while being chased by a bird.
black A dog and balls. for white tennis swims	A black and white dog swims for tennis balls.
its brown a in dog carrying tire A mouth.	A brown dog carrying a tire in its mouth.
the grass. dogs running are through brown Two	Two brown dogs are running through the grass.
boy at table. a eating A	A boy eating at a table.
at sitting by A small child table woman grandmother in being a a served a are shirt. and black a	A grandmother and a small child are sitting at a table being served by a woman in a black shirt.
in a flip. bmx front A is currently biker doing midair	A bmx biker is currently in midair doing a front flip.
a man leaping from hill. A rocky	A man leaping from a rocky hill.
river. brown dog A is though a running	A brown dog is running though a river.
rock man is face. paddling large A a on water beside a kayak	A man is paddling a kayak on water beside a large rock face.
old man a camera An younger man his nearby. singing examining is while is	An old man is examining his camera while a younger man is singing nearby.
snow running breed has through same the grass. are buried Two that of dogs	Two dogs of the same breed are running through snow that has buried grass.
diving A lake. child into a headfirst	A child diving headfirst into a lake.
street on bike a stores. Girl near many riding a	Girl riding a bike on a street near many stores.
boy Little on swing	Little boy on swing
a in playing raft pool. a pink Boy on	Boy playing on a pink raft in a pool.
A dog on wet beach. walking a	A dog walking on a wet beach.
outside Two a sit blue. cafe painted men	Two men sit outside a cafe painted blue.
A gather people area. under a in and group roofed of screened	A group of people gather under a screened in and roofed area.
stands in red other people woman with outside. A	A woman in red stands with other people outside.
out water jump the Two of together. dolphins	Two dolphins jump out of the water together.
a stairs. down flight skateboarder a as people of Several leaps watching	Several people watching as a skateboarder leaps down a flight of stairs.
shirts. bar Inside a with people red there are	Inside a bar there are people with red shirts.
brown a dog white and in runs A field.	A white and brown dog runs in a field.
walking up mountain. person jacket and A red in black a snowy a	A person in a black and red jacket walking up a snowy mountain.
pulley woman in helmet A a cable. a a to young attaches	A young woman in a helmet attaches a pulley to a cable.
jeans shirt white on by and street. the in a the A girl baby sits grass	A baby girl in a white shirt and jeans sits on the grass by the street.
bushes through running dog on path. Yellow	Yellow dog running through bushes on path.
the on played The field. the children in wheeler four	The children played on the four wheeler in the field.
being on balancing The carried by long haired a man drum men shirts. in that is white is	The long haired man is balancing on a drum that is being carried by men in white shirts.
a girls brick Asian building Two outside are standing red	Two Asian girls are standing outside a red brick building
kiddie is into an pool jumping little outdoor boy A	A little boy is jumping into an outdoor kiddie pool
gray shirt. with and wears black A skin hair and necklace man short a	A man with black skin and short hair wears a necklace and gray shirt.
playing in the Three snow. dogs	Three dogs playing in the snow.
helmet rides biker in red Mountain the striped through trees.	Mountain biker in red striped helmet rides through the trees.
is green collar. dog a lime The wearing black	The black dog is wearing a lime green collar.
Two bridge. the a dogs play under in water	Two dogs play in the water under a bridge.
snow. person makes A jump over a the skis wearing	A person wearing skis makes a jump over the snow.
white track. dog runs A a greyhound muzzle a around wearing	A white greyhound dog wearing a muzzle runs around a track.
snowboarder a jumps snow. the on	a snowboarder jumps on the snow.
A dog running flat across a rock. brown	A brown dog running across a flat rock.
a congregate outside Teenagers brick building	Teenagers congregate outside a brick building
his talks dreadlocks a on with man cellphone.	a man with dreadlocks talks on his cellphone.
a red, wearing a behind maroon girl Man tutu. shirt blue white in running running and	Man in maroon shirt running behind a running girl wearing a red, white and blue tutu.
in and playing is orange black snow. ball an with A dog white the	A black and white dog is playing with an orange ball in the snow.
Girls are playing basketball.	Girls are playing basketball.
on red a riding is A a helmet red with bicycle. man	A man with a red helmet is riding on a red bicycle.
riding a paddling and raft. are rapids rafters Seven green in the	Seven rafters are paddling and riding the rapids in a green raft.
a A harness brown red chasing in dog a ball. red	A brown dog in a red harness chasing a red ball.
down truck a leads branding A Casterol blue and yellow road. the truck white truck with	A yellow truck with Casterol branding leads a white truck and blue truck down the road.
a during game. are around boys field a soccer Young running	Young boys are running around a field during a soccer game.
jeans girl in runs Young through desert	Young girl in jeans runs through desert
the A funny by for a child the is by posing water. camera with	A child is posing with a funny by for the camera by the water.
wearing brick building. woman front A a in violin black a of playing and red is	A woman wearing black and red is playing a violin in front of a brick building.
a hill in deep the runs A with snowy down legs his dog snow. black	A black dog runs down a snowy hill with his legs deep in the snow.
a the pole A ground. on puppy mouthing	A puppy mouthing a pole on the ground.
tennis a dog A and jumps ball catches brown small	A small brown dog jumps and catches a tennis ball
trick over rocks while gives is bicycle person a doing thumbs bystander a A the a up.	A person is doing a bicycle trick over the rocks while a bystander gives a thumbs up.
are formation. rock Two sitting on a people huge	Two people are sitting on a huge rock formation.
beach. water girl standing are on and boy the A a near a	A boy and a girl are standing near the water on a beach.
houses look Two women below. at many out	Two women look out at many houses below.
person top Snow and and covered a orange structure wooded in in midair. with white a pants area	Snow covered wooded area with a structure and a person in white top and orange pants in midair.
the on with a A and in and white brown near man background black a dog water dog horseback	A brown and white dog and a black dog near water with a man on horseback in the background
two players fight for the field hockey ball.	two field hockey players fight for the ball.
pool. midair descending child into in Young	Young child in midair descending into pool.
group with other of windsurfers. man A a windsurfs	A man windsurfs with a group of other windsurfers.
boy is the bottom the Little up. cream ice from the eating rest of cone	Little boy is eating the rest of the ice cream cone from the bottom up.
swing. all swinging white wearing A baby on a	A baby wearing all white swinging on a swing.
dogs, play in jeans Two brown, one near stand one gray while by. person a	Two dogs, one brown, one gray play while a person in jeans stand near by.
a rock a on a to man next folding deck and fishing pole. chair A sits	A man sits on a rock next to a folding deck chair and a fishing pole.
crouched fallen in of man tree. a A bare the branches	A man crouched in the bare branches of a fallen tree.
The the is slide. little on sitting girl	The little girl is sitting on the slide.
People shirts with marching Unified sign street in down orange In Pride	People in orange shirts marching down street with Unified In Pride sign
is red A dog mouth. white ball catching in a brown and its	A white and brown dog is catching a red ball in its mouth.
wearing bicycle a cap riding woman pink a a	a woman wearing a pink cap riding a bicycle
rocks on to man leaning close water. The is	The man is leaning on rocks close to water.
a and holding shorts A member red spectators team in on. look person while is shirts in Frisbee	A person in shorts is holding a Frisbee while team member in red shirts and spectators look on.
a dog is The field. through running	The dog is running through a field.
of flowers. on field scooters Two in a people	Two people on scooters in a field of flowers.
running brown is very tongue A with dog his fast out.	A brown dog is running very fast with his tongue out.
dog white brown black a and dog, grassy dog, field. a in a frolicking A	A white dog, a brown dog, and a black dog frolicking in a grassy field.
grass. tan through bounding dog A is	A tan dog is bounding through grass.
smiling the boy for down A sitting picture.	A boy sitting down smiling for the picture.
a of leash on is sniffing the field Brown a in ground dog grass.	Brown dog on a leash is sniffing the ground in a field of grass.
of The doing off side a half pipe is skateboarder a the trick	The skateboarder is doing a trick off the side of a half pipe
nose purple face A in fingers young up her on her with food both and a shirt baby	A young baby with food on her face in a purple shirt and both fingers up her nose
swing. on children together a The two swinging	The two children swinging together on a swing.
an synchronized a do stage. dance outdoor on Four men	Four men do a synchronized dance on an outdoor stage.
a pavement. the boy on handstand doing is The	The boy is doing a handstand on the pavement.
outside. are dog man a tug-of-war toy big, with and a playing brown A	A man and a big, brown dog are playing tug-of-war with a toy outside.
a shirt no young on climbing rock with man on a	a young man climbing on a rock with no shirt on
swinging and is A lady smiling.	A lady is swinging and smiling.
swing child amusement an park on ride. A	A child on an amusement park swing ride.
brighly running down A little girl lit hallway. a	A little girl running down a brighly lit hallway.
Three surrounded a ride trees. by people field through off-road bikes	Three people ride off-road bikes through a field surrounded by trees.
Large dog two with smaller on grass. dogs plays	Large dog plays with two smaller dogs on grass.
young The boy into arms. the man's jumps	The young boy jumps into the man's arms.
A speed is man dog's dog a measured the by runs. while	A dog's speed is measured by a man while the dog runs.
holding protest is dress sign. black a in and woman A up white a	A woman in a black and white dress is holding up a protest sign.
dog runs through grass. A tall	A dog runs through tall grass.
is man arms. his The yellow the pants raising in	The man in the yellow pants is raising his arms.
the catching stick on at shore the beach. a dog white a small	a small white dog catching a stick on the shore at the beach.
hat is makeup crowd. cheering to wearing A and clown a a man purple	A man wearing a purple hat and clown makeup is cheering to a crowd.
and A a black plaid outfit. dog wearing white is leash a on	A black and white dog on a leash is wearing a plaid outfit.
swirls. sunglasses, with Young a brown boy black wearing and shirt	Young boy wearing sunglasses, and a brown shirt with black swirls.
ball dog white catching blue a A	A white dog catching a blue ball
all terrain vehicle jumping Man with	Man jumping with all terrain vehicle
a in path of in a white dog on front a dog walking forest. black A	A black dog in front of a white dog walking on a path in a forest.
people and A of a buckets. colorful stage stand group on hold	A group of people stand on a stage and hold colorful buckets.
big ocean the in dogs Two wade	Two big dogs wade in the ocean
A in play girl a water. little little together boy and the	A little boy and a little girl play together in the water.
two with umbrella red is a orangish white while wearing a hat amusement. in holding A look and on boas man men Santa	A man is wearing a Santa hat and holding a white umbrella while two men with orangish red boas look on in amusement.
plays trumpet. man the A young	A young man plays the trumpet.
to players Three a ball. leap basketball grab	Three basketball players leap to grab a ball.
man guitar playing to little A hospital in girl ill a bed. with an a	A man with a guitar playing to an ill little girl in a hospital bed.
in plays on backyard. girl A blue in little overalls a seesaw a	A little girl in blue overalls plays on a seesaw in a backyard.
black stick and dog A carrying a large white	A black and white dog carrying a large stick
camera up and A small girl a small boy setting	A small boy and small girl setting up a camera
splashing shirt in a in boy dock under a water blue	a boy in blue shirt splashing in water under a dock
on A asian little banging girl pans.	A little asian girl banging on pans.
brown tennis a ball. dogs chase Three	Three brown dogs chase a tennis ball.
green black runs white grass. over the and dog A	A black and white dog runs over the green grass.
a man a with white bike bus. near rides a The beard	The man with a white beard rides a bike near a bus.
an are preparing people in Three the boat. standing snow ice fishing	Three people are standing in the snow preparing an ice fishing boat.
is a a A man casts snowy down while he skiing shadow. long hill	A man is skiing down a snowy hill while he casts a long shadow.
the running a base baseball waiting with another one on player base toward	one baseball player running toward a base with another waiting on the base
gear man riding down a path a bike A red riding dirt in	A man in red riding gear riding a dirt bike down a path
man in blues in a is top dressed brothers pink girl The a dancing the suit. with	The girl in the pink top is dancing with a man dressed in a blues brothers suit.
in are playing soccer children sand. the Three	Three children are playing soccer in the sand.
mountains. in two the ski people	two people ski in the mountains.
a football. players Two preparing hike to football	Two football players preparing to hike a football.
running of a dogs varying field. breeds through Four	Four dogs of varying breeds running through a field.
courtyard. in girl swings A her little around brother a	A girl swings her little brother around in a courtyard.
water. with dog, swims mouth, through black ball its in A tennis a	A black dog, with a tennis ball in its mouth, swims through water.
looks jewelry wearing down. and holds piece a A of paper woman	A woman wearing jewelry holds a piece of paper and looks down.
A plank a red blue by a on walks railing. dog	A dog walks on a red plank by a blue railing.
snow outside the Two pictures. in people taking	Two people outside in the snow taking pictures.
water. sandy is of path a by down walking a body A young large girl	A young girl is walking down a sandy path by a large body of water.
A snowfield. hiker the walks through	A hiker walks through the snowfield.
a Frisbee. and white dog catching A black	A white and black dog catching a Frisbee.
racing and on wearing a helmet gear bicycle Man	Man wearing helmet and racing gear on a bicycle
A helmet. wearing a biker	A biker wearing a helmet.
the ball his camera with mouth. a dog blue A towards runs in	A dog runs towards the camera with a blue ball in his mouth.
on people Two misty a canoe are conditions. in in a river	Two people are in a canoe on a river in misty conditions.
the A his with the hands. pack ball in from emerged has player rugby	A rugby player has emerged from the pack with the ball in his hands.
sidecar race. the falls of into during a the The out man puddle	The man falls out of the sidecar into a puddle during the race.
man wheelchair. A three-wheeled a riding on	A man riding on a three-wheeled wheelchair.
shoes a and the runs blue Crocs wearing camera. A shirt child toward red	A child wearing a red shirt and blue Crocs shoes runs toward the camera.
jumping orange wearing floats a arm little into A pool. girl	A little girl wearing orange arm floats jumping into a pool.
and with red is on man phone. talking shirt the hat green Seated	Seated man with red hat and green shirt is talking on the phone.
the posing Girls in sky. rainbow with	Girls posing with rainbow in the sky.
ball Dog chases in water.	Dog chases ball in water.
of girl piece equipment little on playground A a	A little girl on a piece of playground equipment
trick a does bike on A dirt man path. a	A man does a bike trick on a dirt path.
red the haired woman playing violin a	a red haired woman playing the violin
his white and riding car. A is an toy boy blue little orange shirt with	A little boy with an orange shirt is riding his blue and white toy car.
baby black in man and hat a a holding shirt yellow afghan. a with sleeping A	A man in a black shirt and hat holding a sleeping baby with a yellow afghan.
an toy Two with grass. play orange in dogs tall	Two dogs play with an orange toy in tall grass.
boy is a a in red jumping jacket sand the in	a boy in a red jacket is jumping in the sand
yard, gazebo a in a grass the the on runs background. dog in A	A dog runs on the grass in a yard, a gazebo in the background.
the for Two young men camera. posing are	Two young men are posing for the camera.
soccer a young blue A in a boy ball. chasing uniform	A young boy in a blue soccer uniform chasing a ball.
through runs dog its a field. a mouth stick in snow-covered carrying A	A dog carrying a stick in its mouth runs through a snow-covered field.
a ocean in two the people background the over with green railing leaning	two people leaning over a green railing with the ocean in the background
down A a is hardwood floored girl hallway. little running	A little girl is running down a hardwood floored hallway.
white on crowded bikini walk in in A woman and beach. a and a a black man blond Speedo a	A man in a Speedo and a blond woman in a black and white bikini walk on a crowded beach.
water. near eagle bald pond a of A	A bald eagle near a pond of water.
number red, player football jersey number three while jersey a a fans wearing white cheer. a tackles player 23 football A wearing	A football player wearing a number 23 white jersey tackles a football player wearing a red, number three jersey while fans cheer.
in the across A runs a collie springtime. yard	A collie runs across a yard in the springtime.
and in Two brown white unison. bound dogs small	Two small white and brown dogs bound in unison.
ropes Men a on course.	Men on a ropes course.
a fence. the on A side child green other of jumping	A child jumping on the other side of a green fence.
black Woman a on in the dress street. walking	Woman in a black dress walking on the street.
of staircase. outdoor A jumping off person an	A person jumping off of an outdoor staircase.
people down large steps walking in red and pink	people in red and pink walking down large steps
little A sand. dog on running	A little dog running on sand.
the a teenager at game. on her trumpet A field plays	A teenager plays her trumpet on the field at a game.
A barks concrete at plants courtyard. dog walled a in	A dog barks at plants in a walled concrete courtyard.
pulling pulled is man something up of to a out the boat is The and water. dock	The boat is pulled up to dock and a man is pulling something out of the water.
shore rocky a stands jeans the A shirt in looking a and floral water on toward girl	A girl in a floral shirt and jeans stands on a rocky shore looking toward the water
the at boats camera sit background. A a as dressed boy while in pirate glares the	A boy dressed as a pirate glares at the camera while boats sit in the background.
a woman for A two Mohawk the leash with dogs. pug smaller holds	A woman with a Mohawk holds the leash for two smaller pug dogs.
batsman bowled out has middle cricket stump. A been	A cricket batsman has been bowled out middle stump.
brown grass. over runs dog the and black A green	A brown and black dog runs over the green grass.
a sitting rocks picture two children for on Two and adults	Two adults and two children sitting on rocks for a picture
walking down Two the women street	Two women walking down the street
of a the facing A lady. backs people with to their group and camera little a girl	A group of people with their backs to the camera and a little girl facing a lady.
sand in girls the Four jump beach. at the	Four girls jump in the sand at the beach.
field. grassy a speckled on running Two dogs	Two speckled dogs running on a grassy field.
on bike. bmx person A a	A person on a bmx bike.
down paved walking Woman road.	Woman walking down paved road.
pitbull the running in a snow	a pitbull running in the snow
his with water in the a in dog ball mouth. swims tennis A	A dog swims in the water with a tennis ball in his mouth.
a guy A on skateboard down handrail. griding a	A guy on a skateboard griding down a handrail.
soda into a pouring A pumps of boys white plastic a a bucket man while bicycle group pump.	A group of boys pouring soda into a white plastic bucket while a man pumps a bicycle pump.
A red kayak paddles man blue a in water. through	A man in a red kayak paddles through blue water.
A on dog standing and field running a of a man grass. dry	A running dog and a standing man on a dry field of grass.
purple and in The bride bridesmaids the groomsmen surround rear. the groom with in the	The bridesmaids in purple surround the bride and groom with the groomsmen in the rear.
in front touch A a tree. does of a boy toe	A boy does a toe touch in front of a tree.
man a A box. bright in masked carrying clothing large	A masked man in bright clothing carrying a large box.
wearing in jacket snow. pushing Boy blue plow red hat,	Boy wearing red hat, blue jacket pushing plow in snow.
grass people a shelter. are Three setting inside	Three people are setting inside a grass shelter.
a scooter a riding girl A sidewalk. on	A girl riding a scooter on a sidewalk.
its A toy mouth. in a dog catching	A dog catching a toy in its mouth.
running grass. A black in a dog and the brown	A black and a brown dog running in the grass.
talking in stand district. of A crowd business a people	A crowd of people stand talking in a business district.
a man a wears backpack.	a man wears a backpack.
the arm. in her a The woman top has tank on tattoo	The woman in the tank top has a tattoo on her arm.
of line A wide people.	A wide line of people.
dog through towards tan a the water jumping the shore.	a tan dog jumping through the water towards the shore.
people behind are being woman walking path. three carried who One on is	One woman is being carried behind three people who are walking on path.
sunglasses shirt. with in pink A a man	A man with sunglasses in a pink shirt.
in the evening out a Three for city. women big	Three women out for the evening in a big city.
man on with crowd A a a rides watching donuts motorcycle	A man on a motorcycle rides donuts with a crowd watching
dog down path. is a running curly wooded white haired The	The curly haired white dog is running down a wooded path.
riding flowing in a white and beard bike. t-shirt Man jeans with	Man with white flowing beard in jeans and t-shirt riding a bike.
Two people street. city an on stop empty	Two people stop on an empty city street.
man The muscular beads. dancing wears is green the man him behind while black	The muscular black man is dancing while the man behind him wears green beads.
in dogs Two river one while swimming dogs a in near running it.	Two dogs running near a river while one dogs in swimming in it.
path dogs stone near run bench. a on a Two	Two dogs run on a path near a stone bench.
crib of to green out her attempting A is climb girl baby	A baby girl is attempting to climb out of her green crib
running crowd is little of wearing shirt no boy a by people. The	The little boy wearing no shirt is running by a crowd of people.
woman are and smiling A man a	A man and a woman are smiling
A toy kid car. little a in	A little kid in a toy car.
a splits. The leg girl does in midair pink	The girl in pink does a midair leg splits.
above umbrella a he little as A him. smiles blue boy holds	A little boy smiles as he holds a blue umbrella above him.
Three in men with kayaking the background mountains	Three men kayaking with mountains in the background
ocean over through the jumping man a the air blond	a blond man jumping through the air over the ocean
and photo wedding groom. purple with bride a of A flowers her	A wedding photo of a bride with purple flowers and her groom.
wrapped boy a cape. is One material boy blue the his other has and red wearing in leg	One boy has his leg wrapped in blue material and the other boy is wearing a red cape.
in a boy red running beach A sweater on the	A boy in a red sweater running on the beach
around information booth. the People milling	People milling around the information booth.
city with behind them. in snow the the skyline dogs Four play	Four dogs play in the snow with the city skyline behind them.
with outdoors. a and adults A group parachute of children play	A group of adults and children play with a parachute outdoors.
through vehicle Six a the huskies are three pulling grass. wheeled	Six huskies are pulling a three wheeled vehicle through the grass.
wearing a is sitting shirt. man a white man wearing a to green shirt next A	A man wearing a white shirt is sitting next to a man wearing a green shirt.
woman watching ocean something rocky near surf. and Man	Man and woman watching something near rocky ocean surf.
A teenage a toddler on a trampoline. girl jumping and	A toddler and a teenage girl jumping on a trampoline.
flies a a her kite in while watches. woman A field dog	A woman flies a kite in a field while her dog watches.
toward in pushing them. a camera a a street is other on wheelchair people woman the A behind brick while passing are man	A woman is pushing a man in a wheelchair toward the camera on a brick street while other people are passing behind them.
the pine high trees. front jumping Two are in of girls up	Two girls are jumping up high in front of the pine trees.
A in on gear a hiking hill is in mountain the person with a background. standing	A person in hiking gear is standing on a hill with a mountain in the background.
stick its the in a water white dog is in with standing mouth. The	The white dog is standing in the water with a stick in its mouth.
her with a A the of hand woman throat blond girl. on blond	A blond woman with her hand on the throat of a blond girl.
blue Small white glasses. shirt by wearing water a of shirt wearing brought up man out in being and boy	Small boy wearing a blue shirt being brought up out of water by man in white shirt and wearing glasses.
from a the dog while A light jumps drinking is water tall, table off atop small a dog table. brown black	A tall, light brown dog is drinking water from atop a table while a small black dog jumps off the table.
a young past A cafe. girl bicycle a rides	A young girl rides a bicycle past a cafe.
trick scene. ramp a does front on a a Skateboarder in graffiti of	Skateboarder does a trick on a ramp in front of a graffiti scene.
person makeup camera. at points the clown a fake A wearing gun	A person wearing clown makeup points a fake gun at the camera.
hugging street. in and the girl boy cobblestone A	A girl and boy hugging in the cobblestone street.
The their the boys on mother beach. follow	The boys follow their mother on the beach.
a dress a at head store. a shaved A in woman print and floral	A woman in a floral print dress and a shaved head at a store.
skateboarder ramp, of A a onlookers. on with night scene a	A night scene of a skateboarder on a ramp, with onlookers.
in shelter. bus a sit an sides Two advertisement men on of opposite	Two men sit on opposite sides of an advertisement in a bus shelter.
bench a park of dog A a and man the with in group in the people on foreground, distance. a walking	A man and a dog on a park bench in the foreground, with a group of walking people in the distance.
Two patio. on a standing together are dogs	Two dogs are standing together on a patio.
a dirt track. Two are on motorcyclists	Two motorcyclists are on a dirt track.
up a holding in of front orange sign. man homeless cones of safety Stacks a	Stacks of orange safety cones in front of a man holding up a homeless sign.
smear naked toddler in and other baby A each paint.	A naked baby and toddler smear each other in paint.
the Ghostbusters up sidewalk. standing on people dressed Two like the	Two people dressed up like the Ghostbusters standing on the sidewalk.
stand up girls a red Two wall. against	Two girls stand up against a red wall.
mid-climb seen from yellow above. in hard-hat A a is climber	A climber in a yellow hard-hat is seen mid-climb from above.
two A the travelling through with snow. passengers dog sled	A dog sled with two passengers travelling through the snow.
themselves picture with young a of Two camera. taking a girls are	Two young girls are taking a picture of themselves with a camera.
white a to bike look shirt shorts on turning a A with and is boy behind black himself.	A boy with a black shirt and white shorts on a bike is turning to look behind himself.
yellow girl field is her. grass around a along in spinning some material	a girl in along grass field is spinning some yellow material around her.
of tube unner over men in group going rapids some A an	A group of men in an unner tube going over some rapids
group under A an picnickers of umbrella. sit	A group of picnickers sit under an umbrella.
room in front blue people sit walls. with a of in tables Two	Two people sit in front of tables in a room with blue walls.
in wave. red surfer a shirt A is a under large	A surfer in a red shirt is under a large wave.
play in the a white Two men on guitar suits stage.	Two men in white suits play the guitar on a stage.
catches mouth. The something black in its green dog	The black dog catches something green in its mouth.
on air. trick a Man the performing a in motorcycle	Man on a motorcycle performing a trick in the air.
the women with and group their in the five suits camera. water backs girls bathing A of into jumps to	A group of five women and girls in bathing suits jumps into the water with their backs to the camera.
of are front with of in wooden door. A boys ball a playing gorup large a	A gorup of boys are playing with a ball in front of a large wooden door.
sitting with on asleep head hand. resting woman up her is A her	A woman is sitting up asleep with her head resting on her hand.
dark something looking down haired Two at girls	Two dark haired girls looking down at something
man bicycle. A riding red a on	A man riding on a red bicycle.
her phone. A woman with pictures taking	A woman taking pictures with her phone.
looking fence. A through the is black dog	A black dog is looking through the fence.
looking Man jacket sunglasses leather down in and	Man in sunglasses and leather jacket looking down
from hanging a a line red shelter. of are underpants under pairs three	three pairs of underpants are hanging from a line under a red shelter.
adults Two a pose dwelling. and child outside small a	Two adults and a small child pose outside a dwelling.
woman with A in blue a shirt no bra.	A woman in a blue shirt with no bra.
fur A with red of a dog water. stands body in	A dog with red fur stands in a body of water.
in boardwalk looking wooden bird yellow is A shirt a a at a on boy	A boy in a yellow shirt is looking at a bird on a wooden boardwalk
sky clouds. rocks in high walking of white front along Hiker blue puffy a with	Hiker walking along high rocks in front of a blue sky with puffy white clouds.
its mouth. a leash in carries dog A	A dog carries a leash in its mouth.
on against his a sitting is resting A train face. man hand his	A man is sitting on a train resting his hand against his face.
bmx on person A bike. a	A person on a bmx bike.
one dog air front in in jumping tan grey of puddle the another	one grey puddle jumping in the air in front of another tan dog
Girl field with walking yellow in flowers	Girl walking in field with yellow flowers
blue red, on A bathing doing a bend back white beach. suit a in woman and the	A woman in a red, white and blue bathing suit doing a back bend on the beach.
man guitar. his a plays white	a man plays his white guitar.
grass. dog A through the runs	A dog runs through the grass.
coat with around dark A many in her. a is sitting people lady	A lady in a dark coat is sitting with many people around her.
mid-flight watch Spectators in landscape. snowboarder a amid a snowy	Spectators watch a snowboarder in mid-flight amid a snowy landscape.
jumping black the Young shorts with man in waves. ocean	Young man with black shorts jumping in the ocean waves.
a is sidewalk. blanket the asleep A with covered man on	A man covered with a blanket is asleep on the sidewalk.
haired A grey the dragging into water. red girl with raft paddle a curly a is inflatable	A curly haired girl is dragging a grey inflatable raft with a red paddle into the water.
being in Two pulled wakeboarding by and are boat. are the people a water	Two people are wakeboarding in the water and are being pulled by a boat.
standing flags are an women with black front in old-fashioned in car. Two of	Two women in black with flags are standing in front of an old-fashioned car.
a night young at fence. by skateboards man A	A young man skateboards at night by a fence.
and hand her Indian on clothing paperwork. henna with girl goes A through on	A girl with Indian clothing on and henna on her hand goes through paperwork.
looks boy ahead. straight wearing A sunglasses	A boy wearing sunglasses looks straight ahead.
giant the out as of goose wings waving is it its A comes water.	A giant goose is waving its wings as it comes out of the water.
water. near in A black the playing a swimsuit boy	A boy in a black swimsuit playing near the water.
outdoors newspaper Man an restaurant. at a reading	Man reading a newspaper at an outdoors restaurant.
to catch air up Frisbee. in dog jumps white the a A black and	A black and white dog jumps up in the air to catch a Frisbee.
Girl on being roof of down road driven jeep	Girl on roof of jeep being driven down road
water. a across sprints dog the	a dog sprints across the water.
on the suit dog woman A in walks a bathing beach. a	A woman in a bathing suit walks a dog on the beach.
girl a is flute another girl guitar. a playing holds red A while pink	A girl is playing a red flute while another girl holds a pink guitar.
brick of on steps front a are building. in gathered the people Several	Several people are gathered on the steps in front of a brick building.
is The at bloodied man party. hit a the haloween	The bloodied man is a hit at the haloween party.
laughing. a A of closeup little girl	A closeup of a little girl laughing.
and player a A white goal. uniform in hockey guarding the black	A hockey player in a black and white uniform guarding the goal.
beach, the ledge on in background. poles flags girl fly sits a by the on rainbow A	A girl sits on a ledge by the beach, rainbow flags on poles fly in the background.
shirt wearing white climb rock. A a jeans a and to man attempts	A man wearing a white shirt and jeans attempts to climb a rock.
suspended a snow slope. in jump Two midair a from after are snowboarders	Two snowboarders are suspended in midair after a jump from a snow slope.
behind ball while her. player misses female yellow batter another practices a A	A female batter misses a yellow ball while another player practices behind her.
woman rows magazines. stands at looking The of	The woman stands looking at rows of magazines.
yellow in shallow A water. dog	A yellow dog in shallow water.
his open. with mouth one playing game, little a wide Two boys	Two little boys playing a game, one with his mouth wide open.
the dog leap The to attempts post. over	The dog attempts to leap over the post.
professional wrestler ring. falls the A outside	A professional wrestler falls outside the ring.
gown a air. graduation A the cap in young graduation child throwing dressed a in is	A young child dressed in a graduation gown is throwing a graduation cap in the air.
sitting one walking, a balanced and one shaft. on Men,	Men, one walking, and one sitting balanced on a shaft.
with at kids night. Little playing sparklers	Little kids playing with sparklers at night.
chat. shirts men Three white in button-up	Three men in white button-up shirts chat.
a wetsuit in ocean. A is the wearing young woman	A young woman wearing a wetsuit is in the ocean.
racing is man at a a on motorcycle A track.	A man on a motorcycle is racing at a track.
blue wetsuit wave man a A surfboard. a a white rides in on	A man in a blue wetsuit rides a wave on a white surfboard.
white a of on children are the grass. petting dog A group	A group of children are petting a white dog on the grass.
laughing trunk. The outdoors young are two women a by tree	The two young women are laughing outdoors by a tree trunk.
from playfully Two the of bed hang teen side girls the	Two teen girls hang playfully from the side of the bed
dogs Two playing the in snow.	Two dogs playing in the snow.
a through lean bicycle of pack racers road A curve.	A pack of bicycle road racers lean through a curve.
a A tennis in woman blue tennis in hits match. a ball	A woman in blue hits a tennis ball in a tennis match.
front the in African handicapped a An in American space. building blue stands of boy	An African American boy stands in front of a blue building in the handicapped space.
man. with in dog Frisbee a jumps over its a mouth, a	a dog with a Frisbee in its mouth, jumps over a man.
wearing The swimsuit a little a is playing swing. girl black on	The little girl wearing a black swimsuit is playing on a swing.
little pigeons. boy by surrounded many A is	A little boy is surrounded by many pigeons.
front built. A hardhat of being man wearing finished stands yet a not buildings in	A man wearing a hardhat stands in front of buildings not yet finished being built.
tiled walking young on two a children floor	two young children walking on a tiled floor
a on is girl dress The haired blue the the swinging swing blond wearing towards flowered sky.	The blond haired girl wearing the flowered dress is swinging on a swing towards the blue sky.
plays on beach. A dog a	A dog plays on a beach.
red pants. bike girl The is red the wearing with	The girl with the red bike is wearing red pants.
holds fishing net. boy a A	A boy holds a fishing net.
is woman the a lawnchair sitting sand. This on in	This woman is sitting in a lawnchair on the sand.
standing, a Three mall. people, sitting, two are in one	Three people, one sitting, two standing, are in a mall.
dog water. brown running the A through	A brown dog running through the water.
high grass. retriever walking golden A through	A golden retriever walking through high grass.
A big dog a chews stick on little	A little dog chews on a big stick
riding A dirt a man rocks. over is bike some	A man is riding a dirt bike over some rocks.
ladies park watching people back back city around a Two sit to them. a wall on young dressed fashionably in	Two fashionably dressed young ladies sit back to back on a wall in a city park watching people around them.
Four sleeping on brown together and puppies blue a are blanket. white	Four white and brown puppies are sleeping together on a blue blanket.
a and women round a man table. at are Two sitting	Two women and a man are sitting at a round table.
in of stripy pair a a hat a doorway. ice house has a the built from in standing man that in boots is	a man in a stripy hat is standing in a house built from ice that has a pair of boots in the doorway.
over jumps A of logs. dog pile a	A dog jumps over a pile of logs.
and a jumping. A cords harness girl for in	A girl in a harness and cords for jumping.
to on A is sitting child dog next her a bike	A child is sitting on a bike next to her dog
over a gap. skier jumps a	a skier jumps over a gap.
to a members on field a hit team by. ball with Two men their attempt standing sports	Two men attempt to hit a ball on a sports field with their team members standing by.
one carrying brown tall item. grass, Two running collars orange an dogs are wearing some orange through	Two brown dogs wearing orange collars are running through some tall grass, one carrying an orange item.
Four into pool. a jumping boys swimming	Four boys jumping into a swimming pool.
a the jumping couple get air rugby of in ball. the to players	a couple of rugby players jumping in the air to get the ball.
shirt area. in with sparsely occupied Man 57 sits SANTANA seating	Man with SANTANA 57 shirt sits in sparsely occupied seating area.
wears in sweatshirt head. on his and flower a a man cap A	A man in a sweatshirt and cap wears a flower on his head.
the to course an near Bicyclist comes day ride the ocean as the end.	Bicyclist ride the course near the ocean as the day comes to an end.
grassy dogs play and in area red blue a toy. a with Two	Two dogs play in a grassy area with a red and blue toy.
running A dog is while another behind it dog carries ball. a tennis	A dog is running while another dog behind it carries a tennis ball.
a near in playing is girl mud car. A the	A girl is playing in the mud near a car.
person backwards. A bending	A person bending backwards.
body water. a in of walking group of a large dogs	a large group of dogs walking in a body of water.
group of night. up for Large outdoors an lining event, at people	Large group of people lining up for an event, outdoors at night.
down a a path runs A garden. Japanese in little girl	A little girl runs down a path in a Japanese garden.
boy trick on skateboard rail. on his performs a a A	A boy performs a trick on his skateboard on a rail.
pen. the The barks in at bull dog the madly	The dog barks madly at the bull in the pen.
A stick its with mouth. in swimming dog a	A dog swimming with a stick in its mouth.
hat, and The hanging has shirt black shirt. his wearing beige a off a is the man sunglasses	The man is wearing a black hat, a beige shirt and has his sunglasses hanging off the shirt.
a lady skates while pulling A in child a buggy. ice	A lady ice skates while pulling a child in a buggy.
of guy A steps. skateboarding the on side	A guy skateboarding on the side of steps.
leashed dog open mouth wide. A holds its	A leashed dog holds its mouth open wide.
a on-lookers. policeman surrounded on horse by A	A policeman on a horse surrounded by on-lookers.
dog A into a from jumping black a wooden lake. deck	A black dog jumping from a wooden deck into a lake.
presentation. People are outside an watching	People are watching an outside presentation.
rear. race and car blue white bumpers the A racetrack slides hits off median with its	A blue race car slides off the racetrack and hits white median bumpers with its rear.
kite being specialized propelled unseen skateboard by on Man	Man on specialized skateboard being propelled by unseen kite
hose from the long at man fluid A spraying is a a beach.	A man is spraying a fluid from a long hose at the beach.
a A surfer blue wave ocean. rides clear a in	A surfer rides a wave in a clear blue ocean.
white a ground. dog on and A dog the are black wrestling	A black dog and a white dog are wrestling on the ground.
dog field green of grass. trotting paws brown A through with a is white	A brown dog with white paws is trotting through a field of green grass.
headphones. A a wearing street walks woman on	A woman walks on a street wearing headphones.
motorcyclist A in midair. performing trick is a	A motorcyclist is performing a trick in midair.
A snow. walking up toddler over bundled is	A bundled up toddler is walking over snow.
and smile. Two ladys laugh	Two ladys laugh and smile.
horse upside is at side a man on a of down the riding rodeo. A	A man is riding upside down on the side of a horse at a rodeo.
in street down the walking shirt A a black woman	A woman in a black shirt walking down the street
on a running is a muddy greyhound through turn dog track. A	A greyhound dog is running through a turn on a muddy track.
ball Little a court. basketball boy soccer on pink kicking	Little boy kicking pink soccer ball on a basketball court.
Two have men outfits backpacks. in black	Two men in black outfits have backpacks.
walking puppies stones. on Two	Two puppies walking on stones.
basketball ball player The the court. across holds looks and the	The basketball player holds the ball and looks across the court.
boys splashing the Two surf. in	Two boys splashing in the surf.
the watery jumps A beach. child air in the over	A child jumps in the air over the watery beach.
snow. to trying The the is outrun deep dog	The dog is trying to outrun the deep snow.
through brown and the trees. snow black to dog next some runs A	A black and brown dog runs through the snow next to some trees.
black A mountain. man in standing front a covered shorts snow is of wearing	A man wearing black shorts is standing in front of a snow covered mountain.
A in battling canoe rough a blue man through waves	A man in a blue canoe battling through rough waves
a into a lake. jumping off rock A brown dog	A brown dog jumping off a rock into a lake.
over White collar red dog black leaping the markings with and grass.	White dog with black markings and red collar leaping over the grass.
in a plays the small boy sprinkler.	a small boy plays in the sprinkler.
girl standing field. one A on leg of the is the in middle	A girl is standing on one leg in the middle of the field.
right. woman man on the woman the in silhouettes middle, a and with up the of a on arms The left,	The silhouettes of a man on the left, a woman with arms up in the middle, and woman on the right.
Person jacket in backpack snow and biking green through	Person in green jacket and backpack biking through snow
teams basketball a court. game on the playing two	two basketball teams playing a game on the court.
Two in catch a play yard. women	Two women play catch in a yard.
A the player ball. while blocks holding rugby	A rugby player blocks while holding the ball.
whilst man into bagpipes man tuner. blowing electronic tone another tests an A playing with is the	A man is playing blowing into bagpipes whilst another man tests the tone with an electronic tuner.
a baseball A hits Child net. into a	A Child hits a baseball into a net.
white bite green blue to with puppy dog ball yellow, toes trying and a Brown	Brown dog trying to bite a white ball with yellow, green and blue puppy toes
down a The hill snowy is the the in on boy black outfit riding red sled.	The boy in the black outfit is riding down the snowy hill on a red sled.
jockeys a race. riding horses Seven in	Seven jockeys riding horses in a race.
pictures two at on The wall. the the unique people gazed	The two people gazed at the unique pictures on the wall.
cyclist and with helmet, A yellow jacket. backpack, a	A cyclist with a helmet, backpack, and yellow jacket.
surface. white A a rocky shirts on resting and jeans wearing man and woman	A man and woman wearing white shirts and jeans resting on a rocky surface.
into a cup a holding change a some to man is put homeless in wheelchair for out man A	A homeless man in a wheelchair is holding a cup out for a man to put some change into
park a running near park a is bench. through The girl wooden	The girl is running through a park near a wooden park bench.
the running black white a small grass. and in along or A brown is dog white side dog	A black and white dog is running along side a small brown or white dog in the grass.
A out sticking young girl tongue. her	A young girl sticking out her tongue.
The player tennis ball. holds in his for racket the preparation	The tennis player holds his racket in preparation for the ball.
tennis dog pool. at ball A floating a looking in a	A dog looking at a tennis ball floating in a pool.
on wave. A the jumping top surfboard a of man a off	A man on a surfboard jumping off the top of a wave.
garden. play the three children in	three children play in the garden.
A white a and house. in by dog plays yard the brown	A brown and white dog plays in the yard by a house.
in hamburgers. a a shirt prepares meal woman white of large A	A woman in a white shirt prepares a large meal of hamburgers.
spiderman is pool. boy in with a A swimming	A boy with spiderman swimming is in a pool.
wet boy a court with no young shoes. A on tennis playing	A young boy playing tennis on a wet court with no shoes.
runs white A a field. dog through	A white dog runs through a field.
bike on one guy racing ground dirt	dirt bike racing one guy on ground
wall are city. a looking intently Three a at men very in	Three men are looking at a wall very intently in a city.
on resting sitting little a hands. A with toilet his his boy head on	A little boy sitting on a toilet with his head resting on his hands.
chasing dog. of dog one A silhouette another	A silhouette of one dog chasing another dog.
backpack A walking grass. long an is through wearing orange hiker	A hiker wearing an orange backpack is walking through long grass.
man red playing hits ball. the cricket,	man playing cricket, hits the red ball.
smiles child the by camera. held A adult being at an	A child being held by an adult smiles at the camera.
plays with dog dog white A baby tan a in pool. a	A tan dog plays with a white dog in a baby pool.
on A in jeans and smiling. a white girl sitting couch	A girl in jeans sitting on a white couch and smiling.
a 3 enjoying on boat view the people small are As the sunsets	As the sunsets 3 people are on a small boat enjoying the view
dressed, a headed some women in wearing pagent. on stage of sort Brightly feather competing	Brightly dressed, feather headed wearing women competing on a stage in some sort of pagent.
photographer smiling sitting together couple a at the	a couple sitting together smiling at the photographer
are running pasture. sheepdogs the in The	The sheepdogs are running in the pasture.
standing beside stand. with Man pack fruit fanny a	Man with a fanny pack standing beside fruit stand.
a motocross red A down bike jumps outfit man in his the hill.	A man in a red outfit jumps his motocross bike down the hill.
Wizards boy dribbling basketball. The is white in orange jersey the the	The boy in the white jersey is dribbling the orange Wizards basketball.
in man and Mohawk short a A beard.	A man in a short Mohawk and beard.
digging shovels salt. men group are of with A in	A group of men with shovels are digging in salt.
a jacket. wearing car racing Older hat and with glasses man	Older man with glasses wearing a car racing hat and jacket.
path. walk dogs a little a take Four wide on leashes on	Four little dogs on leashes take a walk on a wide path.
The running is green a barefoot top, park. in and shorts white a man and through	The barefoot man in shorts and a green and white top, is running through a park.
skis no are skiing Three sign. standing people behind on a	Three people on skis are standing behind a no skiing sign.
A skateboarder of bench. a along the sliding wooden edge	A skateboarder sliding along the edge of a wooden bench.
men A play group of basketball.	A group of men play basketball.
its out. running is dog field tongue through a A hanging with	A dog is running through a field with its tongue hanging out.
hockey A the guards player goal.	A hockey player guards the goal.
ladder dog a truck. approaches with jogger A a	A jogger with a dog approaches a ladder truck.
People in man a sunglasses. robes wearing line up orange behind	People in orange robes line up behind a man wearing sunglasses.
man head and with feathers on dance. A her woman a	A man and a woman with feathers on her head dance.
dog wall, pees being and fountain, another is A on walked. a sniffs one the dog the side of	A dog pees on the side of a fountain, another dog sniffs the wall, and one is being walked.
man holds his pond. dog near a a	a man holds his dog near a pond.
and red runs A a tall grass. dog out its tongue through with collar hanging	A dog with a red collar and its tongue hanging out runs through tall grass.
several computer young looking into monitor boys a	several young boys looking into a computer monitor
a yellow, tennis shirt a carrying white player wearing racquet a and blue	a tennis player wearing a yellow, white and blue shirt carrying a racquet
a A skateboarding man ramp. is up	A man is skateboarding up a ramp.
Five ride. a girls on carnival	Five girls on a carnival ride.
traditional American Some musicians instruments. native dressed in playing are costume	Some musicians dressed in native American costume are playing traditional instruments.
young slides snow down a while A smiling. slope child	A young child slides down a snow slope while smiling.
and A while makes a her eating little baby hand chair. her in on face girl mess	A little girl makes a mess on her hand and face while eating in her baby chair.
a parking in camouflage Two pants running men past lot. are	Two men in camouflage pants are running past a parking lot.
men Several flares. holding	Several men holding flares.
a over The yard. a boy grassy flip does	The boy does a flip over a grassy yard.
of takes A stands a of front a woman tall picture in woman glass while something. another display	A woman stands tall in front of a glass display while another woman takes a picture of something.
A scene people dark of neon group a another street dining shows while lights walks. a and group	A dark street scene shows a neon lights and a group of people dining while another group walks.
man a striped the shirt on multicolored guitar street wearing playing the a	a man wearing a multicolored striped shirt playing the guitar on the street
watches. blond Asian holding in hands outdoors, woman man man and background	Asian man and blond woman holding hands outdoors, man in background watches.
dog red is and low field grass across wearing running trees A a a with nearby. saddle	A dog wearing a red saddle is running across a field with low grass and trees nearby.
player the The while at a the game runs fans endzone. towards football cheer	The fans at a football game cheer while the player runs towards the endzone.
floating swimming into to water. a the in trying toy the dogs leaping Two that are pool yellow is fetch	Two dogs are leaping into a swimming pool trying to fetch the yellow toy that is floating in the water.
the audience equipment with them. men on cricket field Two an play with behind	Two men with cricket equipment play on the field with an audience behind them.
left shepherd German jumps patchy on A grass.	A German shepherd jumps left on patchy grass.
his dog of roof A kennel. paw red has a on the	A dog has his paw on the red roof of a kennel.
A a jumps board. a in a diving in from mask in pool a on girl swimming boy looks while	A girl in a swimming pool looks on while a boy in a mask jumps in from a diving board.
runs its ball in a brown A with small dog mouth.	A small dog runs with a brown ball in its mouth.
flies while seagull food three A another with others under follow.	A seagull flies under another with food while three others follow.
with his on ocean surfboard a a A man hand. the in stick stands in	A man stands on a surfboard in the ocean with a stick in his hand.
a girl hoodie wearing through her pink camera. looks A	A girl wearing a pink hoodie looks through her camera.
a at ball stare Three dogs red the beach. at	Three dogs stare at a red ball at the beach.
standing group of a of a graffitied front wall people in	a group of people standing in front of a graffitied wall
midair an a while caught urban young A skateboard environment. is doing trick man in in	A young man is caught in midair while doing a skateboard trick in an urban environment.
reading in at cabin, sit Three fireside caps night. at men near	Three men in caps sit at fireside near cabin, reading at night.
with in the dog running a White muzzle grass.	White dog with a muzzle running in the grass.
a railing. coat and A behind woman a in scarf white	A woman in a coat and scarf behind a white railing.
A helping rollerskate. a man child young	A man helping a young child rollerskate.
child noodle. with A a water	A child with a water noodle.
a wet on around dirty jumping grass boy wet	a wet boy jumping around on dirty wet grass
dog grass. Brown running on	Brown dog running on grass.
of backpacks railing. placed Two with front sitting them of men in a front in	Two men with backpacks placed in front of them sitting in front of a railing.
A snowboard. on guy a	A guy on a snowboard.
mountains. snowy the almost sun is behind The	The sun is almost behind the snowy mountains.
over dog leaps a barrier. A	A dog leaps over a barrier.
A at a Chinese Dragon	A Chinese Dragon at a
above Bird hovers water.	Bird hovers above water.
The tent his head. his up holds man over	The man holds his tent up over his head.
of a man prepares ads front two to field. standing in something A across throw	A man standing in front of two ads prepares to throw something across a field.
in dance People a	People in a dance
with A plaid a bubble bubbles wand. boy blowing in a shirt yellow	A boy in a plaid shirt blowing bubbles with a yellow bubble wand.
and man a near wearing A pants grey area. snowboarding camo a wooded jacket	A man wearing camo pants and a grey jacket snowboarding near a wooded area.
A brown playing bubbles with grass. small in dog	A small brown dog playing with bubbles in grass.
on dirt. the A wearing a on driving ATV white hat is red man a	A man wearing a white hat is on a red ATV driving on the dirt.
rough man A through kayaks water.	A man kayaks through rough water.
horse jumps over wooden a A fence.	A horse jumps over a wooden fence.
people overlooking sit of top a river. Two on a cliff	Two people sit on top of a cliff overlooking a river.
near tree. bridge People a willow weeping on a gather	People gather on a bridge near a weeping willow tree.
road hangs wet on man while back. Racing on	Racing on wet road while man hangs on back.
bending Woman shirt yellow on boy in the ground. crouching over	Woman in yellow shirt bending over boy crouching on the ground.
A on standing the background. in with waves long-necked rock a bird crashing	A long-necked bird standing on a rock with waves crashing in the background.
on a theater. city street puppet walk People past the	People on the city street walk past a puppet theater.
with a playing Two stick. German shepherds	Two German shepherds playing with a stick.
dog A brown computer. to be operating appears a	A brown dog appears to be operating a computer.
standing structure on Two surface. snowy tent a a blue outside people	Two people standing outside a blue tent structure on a snowy surface.
race on Dirtbikers a track. muddy	Dirtbikers race on a muddy track.
grassy girl dandelions picking A meadow. a in	A girl picking dandelions in a grassy meadow.
A black dog a competition at and a over vault steeple jumping white	A black and white dog jumping over a steeple vault at a competition
dogs the with white jumping grass. through spots black Two	Two white dogs with black spots jumping through the grass.
over catch high grass. dog leaps green the air toy the A in a to	A dog leaps high in the air to catch a toy over the green grass.
on girl look little through stands the horse. peeking to the while it fence at A	A little girl stands on the fence while peeking through it to look at the horse.
A a dock sitting shirt a man in and on brown reading.	A man in a brown shirt sitting on a dock and reading.
dog brown and around running dog sand. the A are in black	A black dog and brown dog are running around in the sand.
white bird flying water. A large over	A large white bird flying over water.
of man woman a are building standing a front and in A	A man and a woman are standing in front of a building
dogs the Two on play beach.	Two dogs play on the beach.
and train passenger a sitting on A woman boy	A boy and woman sitting on a passenger train
dogs, and on Two leaves. small light fighting colored, dark	Two small dogs, light and dark colored, fighting on leaves.
The outrun player his is opponent. to trying football	The football player is trying to outrun his opponent.
along A ground on and white snow. snow-covered walks the shadow casts bear a	A white bear walks along snow-covered ground and casts a shadow on the snow.
near a boy stands A structure outside.	A boy stands near a structure outside.
Two fence. dogs a around run inside	Two dogs run around inside a fence.
are other. three each The playing dogs with	The three dogs are playing with each other.
bike motorcyclist sharp a speed turn. leans on into red A a	A motorcyclist on a red speed bike leans into a sharp turn.
lies purple structure. cloth girl has placed wooden on she her over a face A while	A girl has placed a purple cloth over her face while she lies on wooden structure.
a is wearing blue baseball bat. shirt black red jeans and boy holding a The	The boy wearing a black shirt and blue jeans is holding a red baseball bat.
brown grass. fast outside on dog runs green A	A brown dog runs fast outside on green grass.
large a dirt copper path a Woman on near boulder. walking	Woman walking on a dirt path near a large copper boulder.
A in holds yellow mouth. red to and dressed something his clown	A clown dressed in red and yellow holds something to his mouth.
dog. the another air A is dog next black jumping in furry to	A black furry dog is jumping in the air next to another dog.
runs dog dust brings brown field. A as some up around a he	A brown dog brings up some dust as he runs around a field.
of the boy a hugging a tunnel, in man in a tree. trunk A made	A man hugging a boy in a tunnel, made in the trunk of a tree.
left look and that the as A others points way. to she woman	A woman points to the left as she and others look that way.
group ground. lay a on the backpackers dry of	a group of backpackers lay on the dry ground.
blue ramp with walking handrail. people Several a a up	Several people walking up a ramp with a blue handrail.
boy the red in wearing plays a creek.	a boy wearing red plays in the creek.
hugging occassion. woman a man at A formal a	A woman hugging a man at a formal occassion.
pose in men together. hats Two	Two men in hats pose together.
baby inside a tongue bowl is a sticking of its held who water. out is being	a baby who is sticking out its tongue is being held inside a bowl of water.
muddy in playing area water. Three rural in children	Three children in rural area playing in muddy water.
their parents. park Children with at the	Children at the park with their parents.
A with indoors, toy. a dog brown pink large	A brown dog indoors, with a large pink toy.
Santa red his white beard suit carriage. in with Clause the riding and is	Santa Clause with his white beard and red suit is riding in the carriage.
the beside black man bike A walks city. in in his	A man in black walks beside his bike in the city.
a rope. dirt behind A bike his racing man the with spectators wrecked in has five	A man has wrecked his racing bike in the dirt with five spectators behind a rope.
aged the camera. two for middle women smile	two middle aged women smile for the camera.
brown A in grass. sitting dog and the white	A white and brown dog sitting in the grass.
dog Frisbee baseball stadium. as crowd tricks watches Woman and do in	Woman and dog do Frisbee tricks as crowd watches in baseball stadium.
grass. the jumping is in A dog in air a field of	A dog is jumping in the air in a field of grass.
playing a are soccer on field. Two grassy men	Two men are playing soccer on a grassy field.
A bird swooping over water.	A bird swooping over water.
dog sticking and the the sand. a on its A air poodle brown butt black in grey and	A black and brown dog and a grey poodle sticking its butt in the air on the sand.
the street past open People down walking an bus. and	People walking down the street and past an open bus.
beach sand Two jump a dune off people a on	Two people jump off a sand dune on a beach
children on away a lake. a hill walking up from Two ducks	Two children walking up a hill away from ducks on a lake.
hooded and pants street. down green the man sweatshirt A walks a wearing carpenters	A man wearing carpenters pants and a green hooded sweatshirt walks down the street.
open. with mouth runs sand across A wet skinny brown his dog the	A skinny brown dog runs across the wet sand with his mouth open.
A on is fire. through ring shepherd a jumping German	A German shepherd is jumping through a ring on fire.
woman girl her in fingers mouth. her a An with sitting to next young is old	An old woman is sitting next to a young girl with her fingers in her mouth.
a on A green glider. in a beach hang person	A person on a beach in a green hang glider.
the a street. boy along runs	a boy runs along the street.
city a an pass riding to a by. the woman is taxi bicycle is about in as elderly yellow	an elderly woman is riding a bicycle in the city as a yellow taxi is about to pass by.
a having brown beside and confrontation dog swan a A a pond.	A brown dog and a swan having a confrontation beside a pond.
the warmly are Two children, playing snow. dressed, in	Two children, warmly dressed, are playing in the snow.
in a fountain park. on a the one on A balances edge man bike young of a wheel city	A young man on a bike balances one wheel on the edge of a fountain in a city park.
purse dogs at to next her watching park. the A woman sitting	A woman sitting next to her purse watching dogs at the park.
Two fountain man of several front in huge background a with standing people.	Two man standing in front of a huge fountain with several background people.
that a near are pile children to the The next large is of sand water.	The children are near a large pile of sand that is next to the water.
is to another a at sweatshirt black a sidewalk. phone while looking hat the man closer A man red and him in in walks his down	A man in a red sweatshirt and a hat is looking at his phone while another man in black walks closer to him down the sidewalk.
the on board snow. Snowboarder his does in stunt	Snowboarder does stunt on his board in the snow.
grass A brown is dog laying looks the in dog while silky on. a grey	A grey silky dog is laying in the grass while a brown dog looks on.
near standing outside public a city woman on is A a street. bookstore a phone	A woman is standing near a public phone outside a bookstore on a city street.
in a shirt a is A against while map wall eating. a with red child sitting	A child in a red shirt is sitting against a wall with a map while eating.
yard. running through dog the The is	The dog is running through the yard.
a outfit in a blue girl A laughs. and pink cap	A girl in a pink outfit and a blue cap laughs.
up A jumps a and in man lot. parking a in puddle down	A man jumps up and down in a puddle in a parking lot.
in mouth. dirt, its are with ball the running dogs one in a Two	Two dogs are running in the dirt, one with a ball in its mouth.
birds in a area. standing are Two wooded	Two birds are standing in a wooded area.
a mountain a front in front window. of Sillhouttes people in and of of	Sillhouttes of people in front of a mountain and in front of a window.
A a top a at background with the the man of view beautiful mountain in	A man at the top of a mountain with a beautiful view in the background
slope a of standing mountain. a green a on in man A hat front in	A man in a green hat standing on a slope in front of a mountain.
window. little his a A presses face boy	A little boy presses his face a window.
the tan There dog of ball. field, tennis fetching a a a is middle in	There is a tan dog in the middle of a field, fetching a tennis ball.
holding the a stick. man grass walks a in shirt A in tall white	A man in a white shirt walks in the tall grass holding a stick.
in purple girl shirt A ducks feeding a	A girl in a purple shirt feeding ducks
is toddler face shorts ground. on down laying the blue A in wet	A toddler in blue shorts is laying face down on the wet ground.
sitting A next woman. a very baby to old	A baby sitting next to a very old woman.
a the children picture distance. of take something Two in	Two children take a picture of something in the distance.
a toy. gray red puppies are chewing plastic on Two	Two gray puppies are chewing on a plastic red toy.
snowmobile man riding purple a A	A man riding a purple snowmobile
fence People motor in standing watching at vehicles field	People standing at fence watching motor vehicles in field
and jacket a in and cup. A drinking crouching cap is a down from man	A man in a jacket and cap is crouching down and drinking from a cup.
swimming near water dog A rocks. in black	A black dog swimming in water near rocks.
white the chases in dog smaller big grass. around brown a A dog	A big brown dog chases a smaller white dog around in the grass.
orange jersey. a a man wears	a man wears a orange jersey.
a to control pen sticks goats a watches. uses and dog A white black in while two two tan man	A man uses two sticks to control two tan goats in a pen while a black and white dog watches.
Arabian country. in marketplace an Busy	Busy marketplace in an Arabian country.
large a man boy A wheelchair. pushes a young in	A young boy pushes a large man in a wheelchair.
in A shirts together. group red singing women of	A group of women in red shirts singing together.
wall is a boy on skateboard A a on riding stone	A boy on a skateboard is riding on a stone wall
A fetching brown ball. a is dog	A brown dog is fetching a ball.
underwater. up comes from The child small	The small child comes up from underwater.
yellow mouth while through running puppy in grass Fluffy golden rings holding	Fluffy golden puppy holding yellow rings in mouth while running through grass
opposing red uniformed football an player A tackles player.	A red uniformed football player tackles an opposing player.
dogsled four pulled man a dogs. running A by being is behind	A man is running behind a dogsled being pulled by four dogs.
the a smiling in jacket camera. woman The is red at	The woman in a red jacket is smiling at the camera.
man A an wears earphone. mustache	A mustache man wears an earphone.
obstacle a dog a course jumping an black pole in yellow over	a black dog jumping over a yellow pole in an obstacle course
in A air on a the person bike.	A person in the air on a bike.
red a game. uniform man A plays soccer in in a	A man in a red uniform plays in a soccer game.
woman along a affectionately a path man kissing A	A man affectionately kissing a woman along a path
him. boy a A wrapped snake large around has	A boy has a large snake wrapped around him.
the A watching into a child is man child a is jumping while pool	A child is jumping into a pool while a man is watching the child
nearby in and clothing in a building. Hawaiian poses a and yard jumps cut low child A fence	A child in Hawaiian clothing jumps and poses in a low cut yard nearby a fence and building.
man a A from away charging running bull.	A man running away from a charging bull.
snow cliff. edge a at people the standing Two of covered	Two people standing at the edge of a snow covered cliff.
cow head girl through A a is poking cutout. her	A girl is poking her head through a cow cutout.
The the ramp. over skateboarder jumps	The skateboarder jumps over the ramp.
a a deer yellow A field with flowers. chasing dog in	A dog chasing a deer in a field with yellow flowers.
An is of posing rock man front some elderly formations. in	An elderly man is posing in front of some rock formations.
Girl in hides hay.	Girl hides in hay.
black green trees Boy background. shorts water on with covered with the surface in in sliding black	Boy in black shorts sliding on black surface covered with water with green trees in the background.
has Number 6 3 the number jersey. going a soccer in red around ball	Number 3 has the soccer ball going around number 6 in a red jersey.
in Two together play young a mall. girls	Two young girls play together in a mall.
flew on the the while the air snowboarder sun sets horizon. The through	The snowboarder flew through the air while the sun sets on the horizon.
dog to a toy red for. run for a throws A person	A person throws a red toy for a dog to run for.
number while race a the in wearing A participating dog 6.	A dog participating in a race while wearing the number 6.
man is of a The in tulips. field	The man is in a field of tulips.
board. in with the surf a boy excited body An playing	An excited boy playing in the surf with a body board.
traffic orange cone. silhouette an A jumps in over skateboarder	A skateboarder in silhouette jumps over an orange traffic cone.
goat the dog is chasing The yard. the around	The dog is chasing the goat around the yard.
Two play and stick. brown run with dogs a	Two dogs run and play with a brown stick.
makeup wearing wearing man skimpy vest a a and	a man wearing makeup and wearing a skimpy vest
A dances. in woman tights	A woman in tights dances.
a men up walking Topless rocky path.	Topless men walking up a rocky path.
landscape. sunglasses man stands before A wearing a forested	A man wearing sunglasses stands before a forested landscape.
a eating barrier Two apples cement playing boys on car	Two boys eating apples playing on a cement car barrier
a girl eating is and strawberries little A wooden at table. cake	A little girl is eating cake and strawberries at a wooden table.
a A game. during swings softball bat a girl	A girl swings a bat during a softball game.
Frisbee her chase. to A throws for brown woman a two dogs	A woman throws a Frisbee for her two brown dogs to chase.
white A bird over water. large flies	A large white bird flies over water.
snow man skiing. while A jumps	A man jumps while snow skiing.
rides cone. near a small skateboarder The	The skateboarder rides near a small cone.
A ocean. hang in the is person gliding	A person is hang gliding in the ocean.
cliff the to swimsuit yellow Wet in looks water. in a swimmer over girl	Wet girl in yellow swimsuit looks over cliff to a swimmer in the water.
bunch people soccer. playing A of	A bunch of people playing soccer.
running golden A retriever	A running golden retriever
road. of city shirts a people red wearing runs crowd along A	A crowd of people wearing red shirts runs along a city road.
uniforms pigeons. in chase Children	Children in uniforms chase pigeons.
a shirt, A man near jumping the a helmet, without a in water. air wearing bike	A man without a shirt, wearing a helmet, jumping a bike in the air near water.
walking mural car. a of a Two men past	Two men walking past a mural of a car.
rest his of is the racket ? Where	Where is the rest of his racket ?
A brown shorts his water over wearing head. pouring boy	A boy wearing brown shorts pouring water over his head.
black water. the Drenched Labrador in	Drenched black Labrador in the water.
of of a the children A edge on ledge. cement young sit group	A group of young children sit on the edge of a cement ledge.
being on standing the is water. around surfers by wave other are beach a dumped whilst body the in boarder a	a body boarder is being dumped on the beach by a wave whilst other surfers are standing around in the water.
up wearing a with broach girl dressed A large pearls. and is	A girl is dressed up and wearing a large broach with pearls.
running. dog A	A dog running.
with her person dog. black playing large A	A person playing with her large black dog.
blue and A an a in shirt orange smiles. man hardhat	A man in an orange shirt and a blue hardhat smiles.
girl left is hand. right little examining her holding her in A others in flowers hand while	A little girl is holding flowers in her right hand while examining others in her left hand.
stand clothing street against a winter in dressed Men railing a snowy on	Men dressed in winter clothing stand against a railing on a snowy street
a saxaphones men play building. outside	men play saxaphones outside a building.
being A the green. whilst player blue striking by pursued in player in soccer ball a is	A soccer player in blue is striking the ball whilst being pursued by a player in green.
past A outdoor flower an stall. running runner is	A runner is running past an outdoor flower stall.
is child robe in a wrapped A in and a standing bathroom young white doorway. black	A young black child is wrapped in a white robe and standing in a bathroom doorway.
with racket boy stringless playes in backyard. a A his	A boy playes with a stringless racket in his backyard.
walking A a sidewalk. toddler starting down clown a at snowy	A toddler starting at a clown walking down a snowy sidewalk.
stands a the african-american crowd. woman in	a african-american woman stands in the crowd.
children little the a on woods. are Two in bridge wooden	Two little children are on a wooden bridge in the woods.
a Dogs track. at racing	Dogs racing at a track.
to in walks next A street brick a a man snowy blue down building.	A man in blue walks down a snowy street next to a brick building.
front a A of boats ride in water the city in few skyline.	A few boats ride in the water in front of a city skyline.
young graffitied by hanging jackets out men a wall black in Two	Two young men in black jackets hanging out by a graffitied wall
toddler toys. a playing with A hardwood on floor	A toddler on a hardwood floor playing with toys.
rides blue surfer a wave a surfboard. on The	The surfer rides a wave on a blue surfboard.
run girls field. a soccer little on three	three little girls run on a soccer field.
dog A jumping is barrier. a multicolored over black	A black dog is jumping over a multicolored barrier.
in climbing. man red rock A	A man in red rock climbing.
on a girl jungle little gym. A red	A little girl on a red jungle gym.
mountains cliff ocean. a the and overlooking are Three on men standing	Three men are standing on a cliff overlooking mountains and the ocean.
the sand people is A are dog the over beach. walking and all on	A dog is walking on the sand and people are all over the beach.
have scarves. covered people with two heads The their	The two people have their heads covered with scarves.
water. dog over jumps a the white of stream	the white dog jumps over a stream of water.
Two girls playing.	Two girls playing.
bench. on a sit dreadlocks wooden with people Two	Two people with dreadlocks sit on a wooden bench.
sand. very on shakes his the hard dog An head orange	An orange dog shakes his head very hard on the sand.
the A yellow down drives motorcycle road.	A yellow motorcycle drives down the road.
side A mouth on blue a shirt laying open. his child his in with	A child in a blue shirt laying on his side with his mouth open.
a large building. off The trick the a of green side snowboarder does	The snowboarder does a trick off the side of a large green building.
a picture lake. poses of front a A in woman while for	A woman poses for a picture while in front of a lake.
A dog a swan. a deck on confronting	A dog on a deck confronting a swan.
opening a box. man The is	The man is opening a box.
A while a downhill. jumps going fence mountain of biker off	A mountain biker jumps off of a fence while going downhill.
airport. waiting their bags for an People in	People waiting for their bags in an airport.
a red ball A his a to and waiting catch a base. with teammate shirt is near is throwing pitcher	A pitcher with a red shirt is throwing a ball and his teammate is waiting to catch near a base.
a a being A cow dog cow black chased brown by and	A black cow and a brown cow being chased by a dog
an icicle boy holds A	A boy holds an icicle
black collar black the a in dog with runs purple grass. A leash and a	A black dog with a purple collar and a black leash runs in the grass.
A the held people high. with jumping their air are of into group arms	A group of people are jumping into the air with their arms held high.
fountain a front to standing side with woman girl in a young her of a	a young girl standing in front of a fountain with a woman to her side
leashes few pulls its a dog at with a and something on with A vest mouth.	A dog with a few leashes and a vest on pulls at something with its mouth.
in on playing red while shorts a the boy with beach. another A dive boy takes ball	A boy in red shorts takes a dive while playing ball with another boy on the beach.
playground. Two on a young girls	Two young girls on a playground.
a brown dog A white dog with carpet. plays on	A white dog plays with a brown dog on carpet.
dog A runs.	A dog runs.
dog in with dog stuffed duck mouth. barks at Brown brown a another	Brown dog barks at another brown dog with a stuffed duck in mouth.
play shorts jump Boys and outside in	Boys in shorts jump and play outside
with smoking. in black, man beard, a A is dressed	A man with a beard, dressed in black, is smoking.
at mama growling its A one directly and are bear another. cub	A mama bear and its cub are growling directly at one another.
Mountain stopping rest to climbers on climb.	Mountain climbers stopping to rest on climb.
has painted that writing a it. stand wall near men on Two	Two men stand near a wall that has writing painted on it.
rock out look to over the pauses climber ocean. A	A rock climber pauses to look out over the ocean.
mouths. water rope through dogs run Two with a their the in	Two dogs run through the water with a rope in their mouths.
of is on mountain A rocks. hiking a the side man huge around and	A man is on the side of a mountain and hiking around huge rocks.
grass the for A a waits dog yellow falling black on ball.	A black dog waits on the grass for a falling yellow ball.
slide play in Two blonde boys backyard. on little a the	Two little blonde boys play on a slide in the backyard.
the over some air a flying water. white crane through	a white crane flying through the air over some water.
wearing jumping A stream. girl a blue blond across	A blond girl wearing blue jumping across a stream.
dog with climbing A of out brown his a a mouth. stick pool in	A brown dog climbing out of a pool with a stick in his mouth.
back baby off adult's an A while laughing. hangs	A baby hangs off an adult's back while laughing.
over jumping collie obstacle. white a A	A collie jumping over a white obstacle.
A surrounded walls pictures. is by a woman transparent while and violin playing	A woman is playing a violin while surrounded by transparent walls and pictures.
people stand clothing Four together dressed outside. in black	Four people dressed in black clothing stand together outside.
a blue houses. boat A steers past brightly colored man	A man steers a blue boat past brightly colored houses.
to race Three finish race. dogs a run	Three race dogs run to finish a race.
A with eyes ice cream boy eats an the cone. of his closed bottom	A boy with his eyes closed eats the bottom of an ice cream cone.
with suit a looking serious cellphone. young a holds man A	A serious looking young man with a suit holds a cellphone.
a A ramp man while on fishing a wood lays another pole. holds	A man lays on a wood ramp while another holds a fishing pole.
children's A walk sells visitors by. as toys vendor	A vendor sells children's toys as visitors walk by.
a large bite blue brown ball. A and dog black to large tries	A large black and brown dog tries to bite a large blue ball.
boy throws a basketball. a little	a little boy throws a basketball.
bouncing a inflatable A is on colorful gym. little girl	A little girl is bouncing on a colorful inflatable gym.
out pink tongue. girl sticks A her little a shirt in	A little girl in a pink shirt sticks out her tongue.
car. in helmets orange in sitting an people Two	Two people in helmets sitting in an orange car.
skinny catch large trying to tennis faded dog is green ball. a A	A large skinny dog is trying to catch a faded green tennis ball.
sitting homeless on sofa under an overpass. A man a	A homeless man sitting on a sofa under an overpass.
a Two playing a white underneath dog. sheet with kids	Two kids underneath a sheet playing with a white dog.
from her dog the A lake stick white the for retrieves owner.	A white dog retrieves the stick from the lake for her owner.
in holding a is another A lady while a yard dog dog jumping	A lady in a yard holding a dog while another dog is jumping
holding slide. fairground is down boy to while arm the himself goes out he balance Small	Small boy holding is arm out to balance himself while he goes down the fairground slide.
horse and small A at child a staring a pony.	A small child staring at a horse and a pony.
hangs of from small an back upside adult. down A the child	A small child hangs upside down from the back of an adult.
water land. wades in One another dog dog on is the while	One dog wades in the water while another dog is on land.
museum. in front a Two sign of people read a	Two people read a sign in front of a museum.
over a stick. fighting dogs the Two in water	Two dogs in the water fighting over a stick.
the play brown sand the on water. Two by dogs	Two brown dogs play on the sand by the water.
Black catch air a dog the jumping into to Frisbee.	Black dog jumping into the air to catch a Frisbee.
outside woman a a red scarf A kissing the background. in wearing with a man are and woman	A man and a woman are outside kissing with a woman wearing a red scarf in the background.
a on Two of a sit kids deer. statue	Two kids sit on a statue of a deer.
up A is in catch mouth. green strap a dog its to jumping brown	A brown dog is jumping up to catch a green strap in its mouth.
in quickly a and rainbow his a making brief water dips his back the into lake overhear. hair long of head throws man wading A water	A man wading in a lake dips his long hair into the water and quickly throws his head back making a brief rainbow of water overhear.
Child tongue. water, in splashes out sticks kiddie pool	Child in kiddie pool splashes water, sticks out tongue.
outside. around t-shirt black a with walks and A boy white little shorts	A little boy walks around with a white t-shirt and black shorts outside.
by a stands playing wall man a A saxophone.	A man stands by a wall playing a saxophone.
jump for dogs ball. two the	two dogs jump for the ball.
ball a A in its while mouth. water splashes carrying in brown the dog	A brown dog splashes in the water while carrying a ball in its mouth.
with a brown brown red dog. bites black dog the collar and The	The black and brown dog with a red collar bites the brown dog.
holding on. and look and baby boy young girl Woman	Woman holding baby and young girl and boy look on.
jumps A man table. young on a	A young man jumps on a table.
green a A in wheelbarrow. past running hat a is pink girl	A girl in a pink hat is running past a green wheelbarrow.
a mountain. walking and girl child to next her A	A girl and her child walking next to a mountain.
of the beach while a girl doing on is gymnastics shore into deeper the beach. young another walking a	a young girl doing gymnastics on the shore of a beach while another is walking deeper into the beach.
puppy a with a on path. plays stone A tennis ball	A puppy plays with a tennis ball on a stone path.
a on girl trampoline A handstand a doing	A girl doing a handstand on a trampoline
water in bathing is young out the a with There ground. of suit shooting girl playing a	There is a young girl in a bathing suit playing with water shooting out of the ground.
person long a flags waving red	a person waving long red flags
Several in people gorge. a in river are deep a wading	Several people are wading in a river in a deep gorge.
A little in girl skiing. is pink	A little girl in pink is skiing.
the outside near festive lights. dark in a standing couple some	a couple standing outside in the dark near some festive lights.
while in a girl A open stands an nearby sits doorway. boy	A girl stands nearby while a boy sits in an open doorway.
are girls a of standing path. stuffed white little Two animals on bunch stone with	Two little girls are standing with bunch of stuffed animals on a white stone path.
The at young quickly a race. boy BMX pedals	The young boy pedals quickly at a BMX race.
while watch. soccer ball people holds A a child	A child holds a soccer ball while people watch.
his near on lying a on shoulders machines. brwon ATM with sidewalk two the jacket man a	a man with a brwon jacket on his shoulders lying on the sidewalk near two ATM machines.
and in on flip-flops boy a shorts A little orange plays basketball court. soccer	A little boy in orange shorts and flip-flops plays soccer on a basketball court.
from football other child A a children. holds and runs	A child holds a football and runs from other children.
a man bike A a hill. down riding	A man riding a bike down a hill.
races. A motorcycle	A motorcycle races.
bagpipe. wearing a a plaid and coat A man green skirt a is playing	A man wearing a coat and a plaid green skirt is playing a bagpipe.
a a surfboard. A up turquoise helps on man get girl	A man helps a girl get up on a turquoise surfboard.
brown stick river retrieves a a a dog in rocky	a brown dog retrieves a stick in a rocky river
ramp rollskating man a a on doing a trick	a man doing a rollskating trick on a ramp
woman An man sits a shirt. behind in yellow sunglasses a in older	An older woman in sunglasses sits behind a man in a yellow shirt.
lying ground. on another dog sniffs One the	One dog sniffs another lying on the ground.
yellow and a blue, with swimming man wearing goggles green cap and is swimming. A	A man with a blue, yellow and green swimming cap is wearing goggles and swimming.
a steers a turn. sailor A through sailboat	A sailor steers a sailboat through a turn.
table at a person sits a a behind tree.	a person sits at a table behind a tree.
a out. dog tongue with its runs black	a black dog runs with its tongue out.
in a looking different A directions. people line are off standing of group in	A group of people are standing in a line looking off in different directions.
white a Two in on walls building. the shirts of walking men red	Two men in red shirts walking on the walls of a white building.
stands in woman in A mountain of the a front winter.	A woman stands in front of a mountain in the winter.
string. a playing Cat with dangling	Cat playing with a dangling string.
snows. takes woman it picture a A as	A woman takes a picture as it snows.
with and posing backpack in A a with man two girls cap tight dressed uniforms.	A man with a backpack and cap posing with two girls dressed in tight uniforms.
an front the incoming stands in sun as of child sets. wave A	A child stands in front of an incoming wave as the sun sets.
their facing mouths each with bears The other wide open. are	The bears are facing each other with their mouths wide open.
in sit creek. woman and man the a	a man and woman sit in the creek.
devil girl A outfit. up is a dressed red in	A girl is dressed up in a red devil outfit.
in jumps air tennis the dog a to A ball. catch	A dog jumps in the air to catch a tennis ball.
walking and flea a in market. standing People	People standing and walking in a flea market.
training man safety police suit Shephard. a German A a in	A man in a safety suit training a police German Shephard.
stands water. of person body with on a rocky bank a beside backpack A a	A person with a backpack stands on a rocky bank beside a body of water.
on jean stands in tracks. capris top railroad A girl tank a and	A girl in a tank top and jean capris stands on railroad tracks.
A in girl practicing field. is a grass volleyball young	A young girl is practicing volleyball in a grass field.
caught two upside skis on trees down between Person	Person on skis upside down caught between two trees
front gate boys fortess in playing of Young	Young boys playing in front of fortess gate
Little flaming girl object sunset. at holds	Little girl holds flaming object at sunset.
starting is water. dog brown to A walk into	A brown dog is starting to walk into water.
running Two grassy a area. through brown dogs are	Two brown dogs are running through a grassy area.
in participate a onstage. Women skit	Women participate in a skit onstage.
look sparkler firework. Three at down children a	Three children look down at a sparkler firework.
snowy mountain very fast. skier wearing A down sunglasses skiing white is a	A skier wearing white sunglasses is skiing down a snowy mountain very fast.
the by in dress fence. moving grass through A is green a brown a girl metal	A girl in a brown dress is moving through the green grass by a metal fence.
a off small dog's eating the head A plate. of is lap a in person	A dog's head is in the lap of a person eating off a small plate.
walking a A snow. by is dog the in white building	A white dog is walking by a building in the snow.
the performs the A wrestling wrestler rink. man move on in a	A man performs a wrestling move on the wrestler in the rink.
kneeling bushes boys Two the costumes. are wearing in pirate young	Two young boys are kneeling in the bushes wearing pirate costumes.
girl waving tutu pink wings turquiose leotard wand. Young and with waving	Young girl waving turquiose leotard and pink tutu with wings waving wand.
a performing a Young is skateboard park. on in man a trick	Young man is performing a trick on a skateboard in a park.
at woman in sits a A carnival a lift. alone	A woman sits alone at a carnival in a lift.
A cliff. a climbing rocky woman	A woman climbing a rocky cliff.
coming very a down Skier steep peak. snow	Skier coming down a very steep snow peak.
the Two dogs snow. playing in	Two dogs playing in the snow.
and collapsable from yellow white brown a the lawn. A tunnel onto toy little emerges dog	A little brown and white dog emerges from a yellow collapsable toy tunnel onto the lawn.
uniforms. Girls in school	Girls in school uniforms.
are large about a There dogs in two field. running	There are two large dogs running about in a field.
with in by A woman a white. a man red beer followed in	A woman in red with a beer followed by a man in white.
a laughs large child with A he bird. plays as	A child laughs as he plays with a large bird.
person a rising, gliding With attached to sun with parachute them. huge is the a	With the sun rising, a person is gliding with a huge parachute attached to them.
the wakeboard with in airborne on Man blue elevation and background water.	Man airborne on wakeboard with elevation in the background and blue water.
in a man a suit with bike. dressed a red hat riding cowboy white A	A man dressed in a white suit with a red cowboy hat riding a bike.
children few with cloaks hats drapped small black a with red black and trim.	a few small children drapped with black cloaks and black hats with red trim.
the snowboarders snow. are Two air over the in	Two snowboarders are in the air over the snow.
in the jogger is red A street. shorts in	A jogger in red shorts is in the street.
and mountaintop dry over looking lakes. stands man on a A forests	A man stands on a mountaintop looking over dry forests and lakes.
front in A lot of mountain a man with scene. a camera gear of stands	A man with a lot of camera gear stands in front of a mountain scene.
talks at stadium. A a woman on the phone	A woman talks on the phone at a stadium.
sandy takes the dog in brown with a steps bottom. waters calm cautious A	A brown dog takes cautious steps in the calm waters with a sandy bottom.
in a men two ring in fight a	two men in a fight in a ring
riding the Several through street. elephants men	Several men riding elephants through the street.
jumps a person A over while a runs dog beside it. hurdle	A dog jumps over a hurdle while a person runs beside it.
her to pole a feet with about in vaulting do air woman the	a woman with her feet in the air about to do pole vaulting
lady The is rock. on sitting a	The lady is sitting on a rock.
a toddler shovel. shovels snowy A driveway a bright with orange	A toddler shovels a snowy driveway with a bright orange shovel.
brown back standing one and interact. on lying dog Two dogs its	Two standing dogs and one brown dog lying on its back interact.
A child party. in dancing stands of front a wedding	A child stands in front of a dancing wedding party.
is rock climbing. He	He is rock climbing.
boy on cement little skateboards ramp. a A	A little boy skateboards on a cement ramp.
standing very Two children close.	Two children standing very close.
riding man down the paved is in A dress suit a bike a road.	A man in a dress suit is riding a bike down the paved road.
the concrete blue A camera, a the background. looking shirt at little boy in in	A little boy in a blue shirt looking at the camera, concrete in the background.
torn person nearby paper lying a with watching and dog a nearby. The bed on is	The dog is lying on a bed with torn paper nearby and a person watching nearby.
off slide. a child A jumps	A child jumps off a slide.
of the fronmt in player audience. baseball is on an field A	A baseball player is on the field in fronmt of an audience.
Two standing older store men of in a of sorts. front	Two older men standing in front of a store of sorts.
the ground. runs dog a across	a dog runs across the ground.
A a runs a chasing dog through field ball.	A dog runs through a field chasing a ball.
a young sits at A eats all table and boy spilled is food around. as	A young boy sits at a table and eats as food is spilled all around.
little wringing outfit rag. a girl orange in A an out green	A little girl in a green outfit wringing out an orange rag.
an blue boy room. woman at a table brown A and a sitting young in older	A young boy and an older woman sitting at a brown table in a blue room.
front of a doors. in ball a of ornate large with a Four playing soccer set game boys	Four boys playing a game with a soccer ball in front of a large set of ornate doors.
jumping dog fire. a through ring A of	A dog jumping through a ring of fire.
large rocks. a is between climber two red	a climber is between two large red rocks.
wet in very dog a river. A	A very wet dog in a river.
some with of striped white crowd flags. A and tan green, large people,	A large crowd of people, some with green, white and tan striped flags.
brown Two through running black dogs are a and field.	Two black and brown dogs are running through a field.
while the laughs boy young ocean. in splashing A	A young boy laughs while splashing in the ocean.
biker hill descending woodland trail. is on the a The mountain	The mountain biker is descending the hill on a woodland trail.
ornament. hood red walking car man to unusual and A with an a woman next	A man and woman walking next to a red car with an unusual hood ornament.
green into A pool. boy a backyard slides blond	A blond boy slides into a green backyard pool.
a dry. shakes dog	a dog shakes dry.
performs A onstage. band	A band performs onstage.
a sunglasses and nearby. boy man flowered while woman blue in a and stands a A sit shirt	A woman in sunglasses and a blue flowered shirt stands while a boy and a man sit nearby.
red down is A a from a tree. upside hanging child wearing sweatshirt	A child wearing a red sweatshirt is hanging upside down from a tree.
a A group dance. doing children of	A group of children doing a dance.
winding trees animals. Woman stands near fallen of taking photographs river on	Woman stands on fallen trees near winding river taking photographs of animals.
each in Two other. field a at looking dogs	Two dogs in a field looking at each other.
wearing brown fighting. dogs Two collars	Two brown dogs wearing collars fighting.
running black camera. toward A dog the	A black dog running toward the camera.
A sitting horse draft brown snowy woman a in young blond mountains. atop the	A young blond woman sitting atop a brown draft horse in the snowy mountains.
sign. couple standing a under A	A couple standing under a sign.
People dog mountain. a hike up with a green	People with a dog hike up a green mountain.
city benches on sitting a people park. at group of A	A group of people sitting on benches at a city park.
brown sitting while is next background leather a another woman chair a woman blond in store the walking is in to A	A blond woman is sitting in a brown leather chair while another woman is walking next to a store in the background
skateboard grinding on a Teen a bench	Teen grinding a bench on a skateboard
men a lying in shirts and in woman bar Three with on in bar, female bartender background. dress a the the a	Three men in dress shirts in a bar, with a woman lying on the bar and a female bartender in the background.
a eating. are man and sitting down and woman A	A man and a woman are sitting down and eating.
runs tongue A a through his dog with big tan hanging. field grass	A big tan dog runs through a grass field with his tongue hanging.
of in A front the jacket man leather a wearing poses camera.	A man wearing a leather jacket poses in front of the camera.
A inside man are holding two greenhouse tools. and a women gardening	A man and two women are inside a greenhouse holding gardening tools.
behind shirt boy is tree. standing A a little striped in a	A little boy in a striped shirt is standing behind a tree.
pathway. on A dog a is running	A dog is running on a pathway.
on man the in stands cliff snow above swimming trunks A a red in water. the	A man in red swimming trunks stands in the snow on a cliff above the water.
in river. a dogs swimming Six	Six dogs swimming in a river.
near ears dog with to White side. one standing turned with water head brown	White dog with brown ears standing near water with head turned to one side.
A rides very wave. a on rough surfer	A surfer rides on a very rough wave.
race a a and each black Two other t-shirt white the one wearing t-shirt, wearing other. skateboarders,	Two skateboarders, one wearing a black t-shirt and the other wearing a white t-shirt, race each other.
a yellow kayaker wearing the fights rapids.	a kayaker wearing yellow fights the rapids.
talking on Priest walking with while cellphone. bag blue	Priest walking with blue bag while talking on cellphone.
white, path forested dog black, a area. and walks a down A in brown	A white, black, and brown dog walks down a path in a forested area.
an A truck air arena. the monster soars into at	A monster truck soars into the air at an arena.
his sippy while car boy A sits from drinking a cup. in toy	A boy sits in a toy car while drinking from his sippy cup.
boys climbing wooden and a river. a into platform jumping Two are	Two boys are climbing a wooden platform and jumping into a river.
a fence people brown on. while large dog climbs over look A tall three	A large brown dog climbs over a tall fence while three people look on.
dolphin ocean. of the A blue out leaping	A dolphin leaping out of the blue ocean.
grass. in dancing girl frilly pink on a A dress,	A girl in a frilly pink dress, dancing on grass.
bathing a a swings rope a on A on lake. suit maroon in man	A man in a maroon bathing suit swings on a rope on a lake.
Christmas of a the A ceiling. pull bar on with at tabs lights beer bunch	A bunch of beer pull tabs at a bar with Christmas lights on the ceiling.
spots midair. in A with dog black white jumps	A white dog with black spots jumps in midair.
as jumps other practice fencers ; the crouches. Two together one	Two fencers practice together ; one jumps as the other crouches.
a a bicyclers crowd sharp A in race. make tight of turn	A tight crowd of bicyclers make a sharp turn in a race.
over a ocean. by the is cord swinging person A	A person is swinging by a cord over the ocean.
the fight dogs Two a over beach stick. on	Two dogs on the beach fight over a stick.
girls pink front group crowd. A formal line in a in gowns stand in of of a	A group of girls in pink formal gowns stand in a line in front of a crowd.
scarf a a wearing A woman in face. holding hat her and over park a	A woman in a park wearing a hat and holding a scarf over her face.
flag. burn Men an Israeli	Men burn an Israeli flag.
Band outdoor at event. performs	Band performs at outdoor event.
across a a black dog behind A dog field and a run house. white	A black dog and a white dog run across a field behind a house.
pond. biting the a Two in on dogs Frisbee	Two dogs biting on a Frisbee in the pond.
the riders A and on polo of group playing are horses grass.	A group of horses and riders are playing polo on the grass.
white pants the in green air. jacket is in and jumping snowboarder high A a	A snowboarder in green pants and a white jacket is jumping high in the air.
behind game girl image video her virtual displayed a her. while is A playing is	A girl is playing a virtual video game while her image is displayed behind her.
more a by is One carries being two dogs. chased ball dog as it	One dog carries a ball as it is being chased by two more dogs.
track. Two race on dogs a	Two dogs race on a track.
looming framed a against Pigeons storm.	Pigeons framed against a looming storm.
haired man smiling. brown also smiling haired who a a next girl red sitting is to	a red haired girl smiling sitting next to a brown haired man who is also smiling.
into flipping while swim. swimming a girl pool A others	A girl flipping into a swimming pool while others swim.
a jacket and woman A pink wearing grey sunglasses	A woman wearing a grey jacket and pink sunglasses
in field. girls sacks holding a Two are standing	Two girls holding sacks are standing in a field.
vending is by. walk machine parked people A while street	A street vending machine is parked while people walk by.
uncut through brown and an A has that dog running is field white mushrooms.	A brown and white dog is running through an uncut field that has mushrooms.
on stands white grass striped lifts it its dog A paw the as poles. near	A white dog lifts its paw as it stands on the grass near striped poles.
the in fans football her. field dressed smiling A dancer behind the with red stadium bleachers is on in	A smiling dancer dressed in red is on the football field with fans in the stadium bleachers behind her.
little snow. a plays boy the in	a little boy plays in the snow.
dogs in Two together a field. wheat are sitting	Two dogs are sitting together in a wheat field.
at skateboarder night. A grinds a bowl curved	A skateboarder grinds a curved bowl at night.
air. kneels into on a water the A sprays round fountain that girl	A girl kneels on a round fountain that sprays water into the air.
wearing down shirt has and that says his head ADHD. is A a boy	A boy has his head down and is wearing a shirt that says ADHD.
legs its with red A hind mouth. standing outstretched carrying whilst its is on paws its in a dog object	A dog is standing on its hind legs with its paws outstretched whilst carrying a red object in its mouth.
sled A ramp. a snow riding a off boy of	A boy riding a sled off of a snow ramp.
hoes to men are the The break soil. using	The men are using hoes to break the soil.
with skirt a red telescope pink while park a A shirt little a a in plays watches. in girl boy	A little boy in a red shirt plays with a park telescope while a girl in a pink skirt watches.
black leaves. collar on the black wearing sits and A grass puppy	A black puppy wearing black collar sits on the grass and leaves.
the snow. children Three shown in are	Three children are shown in the snow.
a large dog dog. the A in sand plays small with	A large dog plays in the sand with a small dog.
on doing kid A a skateboard. trick his	A kid doing a trick on his skateboard.
playing denim hopscotch. A in child	A child in denim playing hopscotch.
at of slide. the A a young top boy	A young boy at the top of a slide.
A the dog along beach. running	A dog running along the beach.
a Three girls walking across wood surrounded with covered bridge by and are trees.	Three girls are walking across a bridge covered with wood and surrounded by trees.
boy a slide. a water near A dives into pool	A boy dives into a pool near a water slide.
is wearing fishing hoodie holding black a boy young A pole. a	A young boy wearing a black hoodie is holding a fishing pole.
on team dog man the is The the pulling sled.	The dog team is pulling the man on the sled.
is There in a sitting family shade. outside the	There is a family sitting outside in the shade.
firends her one concert, Two are in for bag. is an something at outdoor and searching blue	Two firends are at an outdoor concert, and one is searching for something in her blue bag.
man An overlooks balcony street. facing a a elder	An elder man overlooks a balcony facing a street.
A lone goes skier empty sky. hill down blue under an a	A lone skier goes down an empty hill under a blue sky.
through the white and dirt. trots black The dog	The black and white dog trots through the dirt.
blurred field, athletes Athlete on in running background. running	Athlete running on field, blurred athletes running in background.
battles A kayaker rapids. the	A kayaker battles the rapids.
behind a A sleeping building. ragged man	A ragged man sleeping behind a building.
dogs in playing Two snow.	Two dogs playing in snow.
a girl An orange striped kitten nose. biting is the on	An orange striped kitten is biting a girl on the nose.
chairs few of empty the a enjoying only the Many with people sun. are	Many of the chairs are empty with only a few people enjoying the sun.
A during his dog and winter. white brown lips licks	A white and brown dog licks his lips during winter.
group men walk and onto A of ropes. hang	A group of men walk and hang onto ropes.
a jumps hurdle. a dog A in competition over	A dog in a competition jumps over a hurdle.
man is silhouetted a board The sunlight. riding calm by the on waters	The man riding a board on calm waters is silhouetted by the sunlight.
The through running colored a dog light field. is	The light colored dog is running through a field.
in sits snow. dressed the child cold the A for	A child dressed for the cold sits in the snow.
kayak. on man ocean kayaking A orange the is in an	A man is kayaking in the ocean on an orange kayak.
a man A holding dog sign. a outside on with stands, bricks,	A man with a dog stands, outside on bricks, holding a sign.
in white a and ball with playing A sand. golf dog is black the	A black and white dog is playing with a golf ball in the sand.
the snow. are dogs in playing Three white	Three dogs are playing in the white snow.
outside sit old and a fashion in woman clothing at man A table. dressed	A man and woman dressed in old fashion clothing sit outside at a table.
other groom with and jump A each bride arms outstretched. towards	A bride and groom jump towards each other with arms outstretched.
lifevest water. is air the in person a A above wearing	A person wearing a lifevest is in the air above water.
Two lit young area. pose a darkly smile and in women	Two young women pose and smile in a darkly lit area.
wearing a child an is orange blue toy A on shirt. small	A small child on a blue toy is wearing an orange shirt.
having children are a fight. pillow Four	Four children are having a pillow fight.
blue man racer black a towing street in a in a the a suit on car	a racer in a blue car towing a man in a black suit on the street
rocks on walk water. Three near the the people	Three people walk on the rocks near the water.
edge. beach the the A person at running waters across is	A person is running across the beach at the waters edge.
nose. black with dog licking collar Brown	Brown dog with black collar licking nose.
field sitting in a drain pipe background. the a is boy A with young	A young boy sitting is a field with a drain pipe in the background.
boys a in and girl muddy Three one grass field.	Three boys and one girl in a muddy grass field.
water. Someone line of a casts a body into fishing	Someone casts a fishing line into a body of water.
young water A with a him. blue behind on rides light boy surfboard	A young boy rides on a surfboard with light blue water behind him.
and dog black white from path. is leaping a A snowy	A black and white dog is leaping from a snowy path.
ride many street. motorcyclists along the	many motorcyclists ride along the street.
grassy A is waterproofs penguins. on a top cliff some wearing green man walking carrying	A man wearing green waterproofs is walking on a grassy cliff top carrying some penguins.
in hill tricycles are their riding winter down children coats. Three on a	Three children are riding down a hill on tricycles in their winter coats.
wearing to turbans give to men people. rides wait elephant Four	Four men wearing turbans wait to give elephant rides to people.
graffiti covered ramp. jumped having A cyclist a airborne his bike off	A cyclist airborne having jumped his bike off a graffiti covered ramp.
dressed man a black coats a in and are woman	a man and a woman are dressed in black coats
to off trick a A another. man young shows knife	A young man shows off a knife trick to another.
baby woman. A with a plays	A baby plays with a woman.
thumbs A race man inside a sign. car gives a up red	A man inside a red race car gives a thumbs up sign.
a sign shirt wearing on A smiles. peace man his	A man wearing a peace sign on his shirt smiles.
dog A brown running	A brown dog running
outfit funny around. in a dressed man A dancing	A man dressed in a funny outfit dancing around.
playing together. Two dogs are	Two dogs are playing together.
an woman stands with bag. her asian messanger	an asian woman stands with her messanger bag.
grey off in woods the blue and in jumping hill shirt Child	Child in blue and grey shirt jumping off hill in the woods
dogs the and standing a in next Three sitting them to person is are grass	Three dogs are standing in the grass and a person is sitting next to them
the bathtub in into loofa sings a A child	A child sings into a loofa in the bathtub
A a is climbing cliff. rock under man large	A man is rock climbing under a large cliff.
the " pink wearing " Several right. Energizer women, bunny to point ears,	Several women, wearing pink " Energizer " bunny ears, point to the right.
game. holds a during player A basketball ball the	A basketball player holds the ball during a game.
boy a beach. surf A on through running	A boy running through surf on a beach.
jumps as cow herds near one a A them. dog a black brown	A brown cow jumps near a black one as a dog herds them.
A person big wave. a surfing	A person surfing a big wave.
cigarette of and middle in snowy looks a the a road. A magazine a smokes at woman	A woman smokes a cigarette and looks at a magazine in the middle of a snowy road.
brown boy and yellow with a dog. A in coat playing black	A boy in a yellow and black coat playing with brown dog.
A flag a a and man behind woman railing. holding	A man holding flag and a woman behind a railing.
others in while woman skating a a track along white shirt skater watch. A is	A skater woman in a white shirt is skating along a track while others watch.
A in the young ocean. boy wades	A young boy wades in the ocean.
wooden a jumping bicyclist is A horizontal countryside front him. with in structure of	A bicyclist is jumping a horizontal wooden structure with countryside in front of him.
in a pink with a hat girl ball. playing soccer is little A	A little girl in a pink hat is playing with a soccer ball.
stick its in A the mouth. holding grass a blond dog runs in	A blond dog runs in the grass holding a stick in its mouth.
rain enjoys boy shower. a a	a boy enjoys a rain shower.
down walk paved two houses. The walking rows is a person between of	The person is walking down a paved walk between two rows of houses.
A watching woman is the tide.	A woman is watching the tide.
a is while strapped watch. harness, to girl others The small a tether, in sitting	The small girl is sitting in a harness, strapped to a tether, while others watch.
dog through A grassy gray field. walking a is	A gray dog is walking through a grassy field.
a A of man crowd. a on front in dances mat	A man dances on a mat in front of a crowd.
ride fair red and seat Two on a children smile. in a ride	Two children ride in a red seat on a fair ride and smile.
orange A trying burrowing ball. dirt an the to in dog get	A dog burrowing in the dirt trying to get an orange ball.
water in drinking room An woman a old yellow	An old woman drinking water in a yellow room
brown wearing a A across the dog black running beach. collar	A brown dog wearing a black collar running across the beach.
a sitting bench. a A woman handbag on is wooden with	A woman with a handbag is sitting on a wooden bench.
women at a Canadian horses, rodeo. American riding and flags the carrying Two	Two women riding horses, carrying the American and Canadian flags at a rodeo.
the at The floats looking scuba of sea. the diver beauty underwater	The scuba diver floats underwater looking at the beauty of the sea.
clothes adults in and are dancing. Children colored bright	Children and adults in bright colored clothes are dancing.
down couple walking street. A the	A couple walking down the street.
kayak A down the positioned nose has her water. woman in	A woman has positioned her kayak nose down in the water.
on a large standing is while rock is nearby person One person sitting another	One person is sitting on a large rock while another person is standing nearby
man stream. is a fishing fly A in Alon	A man is fly fishing Alon in a stream.
A the person biking woods. through	A person biking through the woods.
ball dog white orange brown grassy an field. in A markings a with chases	A white dog with brown markings chases an orange ball in a grassy field.
running through is ocean. the towards dog reeds A	A dog is running through reeds towards the ocean.
A small the smiles hats. others he stands same black boy as wearing with	A small boy smiles as he stands with others wearing the same black hats.
a man a climbing rope A up is cliff.	A man is climbing a rope up a cliff.
walking jungle. a stream along a Three in people	Three people walking along a stream in a jungle.
A horse race.	A horse race.
standing people A crowd of statues. of front in	A crowd of people standing in front of statues.
outside ride in car. Kids red	Kids ride outside in red car.
a camera. dressed A is jacket wearing white smartly holding woman a	A smartly dressed woman wearing a white jacket is holding a camera.
dogs along tan Two sandy play a large beach.	Two large tan dogs play along a sandy beach.
that at Asian selling market bananas. is An is a stall woman	An Asian woman is at a market stall that is selling bananas.
indigo People an shrubs are and silhouetted sky. against	People and shrubs are silhouetted against an indigo sky.
A dogs. of blurry photo two	A blurry photo of two dogs.
girl the little white. painting A sidwalk	A little girl painting the sidwalk white.
looking near a A in American over glasses is girl flags two area. wooded	A girl in glasses is looking over two American flags near a wooded area.
the grass on White dog running	White dog running on the grass
boy a with a soccer in ball field young a playing	a young boy playing with a soccer ball in a field
the beach. Motorcyclists near	Motorcyclists near the beach.
outside military executes another on gated move One a combat facility. man a	One military man executes a combat move on another outside a gated facility.
woman a shirt playing a is white tennis in	a woman in a white shirt is playing tennis
and onlookers The is the road, car nearby. blue with in white	The blue and white car is in the road, with onlookers nearby.
A man falling waves. is into	A man is falling into waves.
dog woman. a jumping the hurdles is over The beside	The dog is jumping over the hurdles beside a woman.
man path. A down forest in a blue jacket bikes a	A man in a blue jacket bikes down a forest path.
A skis. person on house a is jumping over	A person is jumping over a house on skis.
girls girl. a lift third Two	Two girls lift a third girl.
The facing the long are riding path. two cyclists	The two cyclists are facing the long riding path.
sand. head dog his the rests A in tan	A tan dog rests his head in the sand.
child snow. a with plays A red in snowsuit	A child in a red snowsuit plays with snow.
player basketball dribbles. a	a basketball player dribbles.
dog. big dog jumps white on small a a	a big white dog jumps on a small dog.
pants water bottle nearby. holds walks lady with wet boy The laughing while a a	The laughing boy holds a water bottle while a lady with wet pants walks nearby.
white watching by. car blue passing and race Spectators	Spectators watching white and blue race car passing by.
a play girls tunnel. in two	two girls play in a tunnel.
taking Inline skater a jump.	Inline skater taking a jump.
a red wearing along jump. riding a is tank bike A a white top man	A man wearing a white tank top is riding a red bike along a jump.
dog in plays park. the The	The dog plays in the park.
a on A swing. little boy	A little boy on a swing.
in a stand Two deep stick. water, chest to dogs next	Two dogs stand chest deep in water, next to a stick.
A down riding hill. a on rocky man bicycle	A man on bicycle riding down a rocky hill.
doing quarter a A pipe. trick a skateboarder off	A skateboarder doing a trick off a quarter pipe.
dog black large at growling a white and brown a cow. small	a small black dog growling at a large brown and white cow.
shirt boy runs A while blue in a smiling.	A boy in a blue shirt runs while smiling.
mug. woman from An plastic drinking asian a	An asian woman drinking from a plastic mug.
is the jacket A man hi-viz into drilling a road. wearing	A man wearing a hi-viz jacket is drilling into the road.
from the A in mountains. cliff climber a hangs rock	A rock climber hangs from a cliff in the mountains.
with a outside wagon. playing A kid	A kid playing outside with a wagon.
BMX a bike trick. is a performing on A man	A man on a BMX bike is performing a trick.
backyard. light playing is dog dog dark with black in brown A a a	A dark black dog is playing with a light brown dog in a backyard.
black dress looking in a woman A	A woman in a black dress looking
woman a ball is green a to in a sport outfit tennis with racket. hit A attempting	A woman in a green sport outfit is attempting to hit a tennis ball with a racket.
jumping dog dock. of black A off a	A black dog jumping off of a dock.
a young runs in sandals the A girl dress wearing and grass.	A young girl wearing a dress and sandals runs in the grass.
taxi. a is street hailing woman blond the on A	A blond woman is on the street hailing a taxi.
fence. down the a man porch to A a stairway too close bicycle jumps	A man jumps a bicycle down a porch stairway too close to the fence.
catch brown a to the bubbles grass in dog trying small	a small brown dog in the grass trying to catch bubbles
carrying and are silver purple The a wearing casket. men	The men are wearing purple and carrying a silver casket.
A with its spread wings bird	A bird with its wings spread
field a wearing a a person backpack above blue scenic stands on A view.	A person wearing a blue backpack stands on a field above a scenic view.
girl young A with walks lunchbox. a	A young girl walks with a lunchbox.
arm onto couch. red child of a A small climbs the	A small child climbs onto the arm of a red couch.
inside shirt head yellow with Child in of large a bubble.	Child in yellow shirt with head inside of a large bubble.
camera. the and smile up Two hold for girl girls another	Two girls hold up another girl and smile for the camera.
dog A blue walking over and dog a ramp white black	A black and white dog walking over a blue dog ramp
girls the dresses background. in boys music and hats played to dance by in Three	Three girls in hats and dresses dance to music played by boys in the background.
with in hula-hoops top. hair woman a green flowered orange A	A woman with green hair hula-hoops in a flowered orange top.
coats hats are men wearing walking together and	men wearing hats and coats are walking together
dog rocky brown and beach. a black walks along A	A brown and black dog walks along a rocky beach.
around is a up holding face. the woman has A is arm object to her who man metallic	A man has is arm around the woman who is holding a metallic object up to her face.
a by of are something. standing watching window A group people	A group of people are standing by a window watching something.
white a A on dog is a to brown rug on whilst standing floor. carpet a chewing next checkered red	A brown dog is chewing on a white rug whilst standing on a red carpet next to a checkered floor.
white play tan Black dog with tan and a dog. and fighting	Black and tan dog play fighting with a white and tan dog.
large of clouds. outdoors very under group people the stand A beautiful	A very large group of people stand outdoors under the beautiful clouds.
the in a in man foreground. the in shirt red climbs background, A a rock a tree	A man in a red shirt climbs a rock in the background, a tree in the foreground.
surrounded small that This and a have autumn is bare leaves creek by trees. fallen	This is a small creek surrounded by autumn leaves that have fallen and bare trees.
on a plays in into jumping A child area another wooded a while child shore. the lake	A child jumping into a lake in a wooded area while another child plays on the shore.
A the stunt motorcyle in on a air. person a does	A person on a motorcyle does a stunt in the air.
down Two running dogs a beach.	Two dogs running down a beach.
of A the at height child a swing.	A child at the height of a swing.
fighting Two are snow. in dogs the	Two dogs are fighting in the snow.
doing the outside Person backflips grass. in	Person doing backflips outside in the grass.
a of brown black a jumping dog hoop through and fire	a brown and black dog jumping through a hoop of fire
gondola a in in a Man canal.	Man in a gondola in a canal.
is field. through large dog white bounding a snowy A	A large white dog is bounding through a snowy field.
a large sunglasses with man black dreeds wearing	a man with dreeds wearing large black sunglasses
a boy A own, his a drum. little little plays and man drum hits	A man plays a drum and a little boy hits his own, little drum.
A white in runs mouth field. its as dog a it a small bird holds in	A small white dog holds a bird in its mouth as it runs in a field.
are and water. a white fighting A the in white dog stick a over	A white and a white dog are fighting over a stick in the water.
wearing boy Young down. t-shirt an AC looking	Young boy wearing an AC t-shirt looking down.
through Shepherd running German white is the The snow.	The German Shepherd is running through the white snow.
large, one in lying field. There a green is person	There is one person lying in a large, green field.
white A dog and black dog. behind a chasing white is	A white dog is chasing behind a black and white dog.
a woman a The baby infant her holds carrier in small on chest.	The woman holds a small infant in a baby carrier on her chest.
People midair cheer in bmx a bike a rides as man	People cheer as a man rides a bmx bike in midair
shower Two stall. a inside standing girls are in shorts	Two girls in shorts are standing inside a shower stall.
bird flying is white water. the over surface of the A	A white bird is flying over the surface of the water.
holding An oriental in girl a her baby arms. is	An oriental girl is holding a baby in her arms.
standing oriental some are two next people robes to shelves. in There	There are two oriental people in robes standing next to some shelves.
guy the A motorcycle. on	A guy on the motorcycle.
soccer together. A red posing team wearing	A soccer team wearing red posing together.
carring flag. American hiker an A	A hiker carring an American flag.
A clouds. woman a sunglasses smiling on day is sparse wearing with	A smiling woman is wearing sunglasses on a day with sparse clouds.
on Rollerblades a sliding railing.	Rollerblades sliding on a railing.
and There dog over floor the another on a his ear. him, standing laying is licking	There is a dog laying on the floor and another standing over him, licking his ear.
boy young an wooden A alongside building. old swings	A young boy swings alongside an old wooden building.
playing and Brown water. dogs black	Brown and black dogs playing water.
has boy in his suds wiped A covered face clean.	A boy covered in suds has his face wiped clean.
in carrying black the stick walking huge A snow. dog is a whilst	A black dog is carrying a huge stick whilst walking in the snow.
Many games. playing colorful people carnival	Many people playing colorful carnival games.
pauses atop overlook. rocky couple The a	The couple pauses atop a rocky overlook.
brightly background with in bicycle decorated with around cart a walking the people	a brightly decorated bicycle with cart with people walking around in the background
dead and dog grass. white running is brown A through	A brown and white dog is running through dead grass.
chili wearing a tank a eating woman dog top blue A cheese and backpack, a fat	A fat woman wearing a blue tank top and a backpack, eating a chili cheese dog
A sits outside on an couch man overpass. a under	A man sits on a couch outside under an overpass.
splash huge for dog black ball. red a A makes a	A black dog makes a huge splash for a red ball.
small mouth. with dog an and white in its jumps A black object	A small black and white dog jumps with an object in its mouth.
hair dances in she background. her outdoors, Woman band as flips	Woman flips her hair as she dances outdoors, band in background.
donkeys jacket two a follows blue A in trail. mountain a along person	A person in a blue jacket follows two donkeys along a mountain trail.
enforcement a a bicycles people naked looks ride in crowd Three street law while and city on.	Three naked people ride bicycles in a city street while law enforcement and a crowd looks on.
while it. a the A end erupts of man a fire stick stream from holds of	A man holds a stick while a stream of fire erupts from the end of it.
female at hiker a some mountains. of looking view is the	a female hiker is looking at the view of some mountains.
in air above a Rollerblader the ramp.	Rollerblader in the air above a ramp.
bouncing on The is inflatable. a white girl in multicolored little	The little girl in white is bouncing on a multicolored inflatable.
the A long lays in grass. dog down green	A dog lays down in the long green grass.
on stand street. the Women	Women stand on the street.
player A baseball in the on has just the baseball a sidelines. uniform released blue	A baseball player in a blue uniform has just released the baseball on the sidelines.
with fence dog behind is him. running orange an A white	A white dog is running with an orange fence behind him.
in Many grass playing practicing children the outside punching.	Many children playing outside in the grass practicing punching.
pointing of an and children smiling are audience	an audience of children are smiling and pointing
the swimming its a in stick Dog mouth. water in with	Dog swimming in the water with a stick in its mouth.
the leaps dog black white and through water. A	A black and white dog leaps through the water.
man an on of with image a piano it. woman painted a A plays	A man plays a piano painted with an image of a woman on it.
pink is little The ball. green after chasing girl in a dress the	The little girl in the green dress is chasing after a pink ball.
A ice skating an in winter. crowd park the gathered at	A crowd gathered at an ice skating park in the winter.
standing behind ground Four rugby with players two the on them.	Four rugby players on the ground with two standing behind them.
who older A are both wearing woman hats. and two gentlemen	A woman and two older gentlemen who are both wearing hats.
the air. a in skateboarder jumping trick young a	a young skateboarder jumping a trick in the air.
A an course goes dog on. obstacle a while person through looks	A dog goes through an obstacle course while a person looks on.
dog and brown chasing dog black lawn. a white very A over quickly a	A black dog chasing a brown and white dog very quickly over a lawn.
man standing a which on a holding. behind surfboard stands A girl is and	A girl stands on a surfboard which a man is standing behind and holding.
snow dog through little the a fluffy running	a fluffy little dog running through the snow
a raft in green water are seven white a riding river. people	seven people are riding a green raft in a white water river.
playing their Musicians table. a instruments at	Musicians playing their instruments at a table.
across traverses canyon. a woman bridge rocky a A wire	A woman traverses a wire bridge across a rocky canyon.
hoodie black man wearing sweatshirt a a over his box wearing another head and one	one man wearing a black hoodie sweatshirt and another wearing a box over his head
in front holding a armful an snow of red house. child of is in coat a a	a child in a red coat is holding an armful of snow in front of a house.
male. Two another law officers speaking enforcment uniformed to	Two uniformed law enforcment officers speaking to another male.
the two are and above a teams, colliding ball from is there men, soccer air in them. Three	Three men, from two teams, are in the air colliding and there is a soccer ball above them.
a get ball. dog into pool the descends A ramp a tennis to	A dog descends a ramp into the pool to get a tennis ball.
mountain a one snowy air person jumping from through the another. to lone	a lone person jumping through the air from one snowy mountain to another.
boy Small in forest.	Small boy in forest.
are The yellow canoe. person the and dog on the sitting	The person and the dog are sitting on the yellow canoe.
wetsuit in A towards a man bride. jumps wet	A man in wetsuit jumps towards a wet bride.
in people the Two run sand beach. at the	Two people run in the sand at the beach.
black in subway sleeping in is man jacket car. a leather a A	A man in a black leather jacket is sleeping in a subway car.
for a in A a jumps field Frisbee. dog	A dog in a field jumps for a Frisbee.
and A wearing shirt get a fountain. a woman girl little splashed city by yellow	A little girl and woman wearing a yellow shirt get splashed by a city fountain.
brightly stand of restaurant, men in soda lit a drink front drinking Two	Two men drink stand in front of a brightly lit restaurant, drinking soda
jacket in paddles yellow a A person life a and helmet kayak. blue shirt,	A person in a blue shirt, helmet and life jacket paddles a yellow kayak.
the stands background. girl a a in in the spray in swimsuit water, bicycle of A	A girl in a swimsuit stands in the spray of water, a bicycle in the background.
a wooded a in swinging on area. Girl outside swing	Girl swinging on a swing outside in a wooded area.
playing chew A toy a with dog wrinkled pink	A wrinkled dog playing with a pink chew toy
the proud toy fetched. dog returns it with The	The proud dog returns with the toy it fetched.
a the man hands child A the standing in of holds water.	A man holds the hands of a child standing in the water.
has Two play the collected that street. the boys on in water young	Two young boys play in the water that has collected on the street.
A dog to catch leaps a ball.	A dog leaps to catch a ball.
Two are people bed. in	Two people are in bed.
with A hair long t-shirt. wearing Obama an girl	A girl with long hair wearing an Obama t-shirt.
4 on wheeled a small vehicle the air. is through man flying A	A man on a small 4 wheeled vehicle is flying through the air.
the down sled street sleds	sleds sled down the street
A uniform. Sooners in football player a	A football player in a Sooners uniform.
Man grass, in background. semi-cloudy and sky on green mountains	Man on green grass, mountains and semi-cloudy sky in background.
walking a beach. water through carrying on whilst paddle a boy is the a	a boy is carrying a paddle whilst walking through the water on a beach.
bed. little off his jumps high A boy	A little boy jumps high off his bed.
bucket beach. A a the green with child on	A child with a green bucket on the beach.
The is foam football the with on man beach. a playing	The man is playing with a foam football on the beach.
dirt bike A rides a over man hill. a	A man rides a dirt bike over a hill.
girls puts little her a little A arm around boy.	A little girls puts her arm around a little boy.
A stair railing. goes down a skateboarder	A skateboarder goes down a stair railing.
stand Bull women Red Two young car. by a	Two young women stand by a Red Bull car.
with ride the onlookers women street painted on Two nearby. bicycles	Two painted women ride bicycles on the street with onlookers nearby.
another helps man man One back flip a start	One man helps another man start a back flip
red down a a sled snowy hill. kid riding A	A kid riding a red sled down a snowy hill.
black on sitting A a in train. woman	A woman in black sitting on a train.
British standing parade. at a police	British police standing at a parade.
white and orange shirt on sitting child a an A toy car. in blue	A child in an orange shirt sitting on a blue and white toy car.
child camera looks smiles. with the and a face at A dirty	A child with a dirty face looks at the camera and smiles.
Black ground. grass, sniffing on dog the	Black dog on grass, sniffing the ground.
with a girl black shirt. young wearing pink man a A wearing dances	A man wearing black dances with a young girl wearing a pink shirt.
bright shiny the a on black sunny A day. and dog during runs grass	A shiny black dog runs on the grass during a bright and sunny day.
black the his back step dog a of first A on stretches staircase.	A black dog stretches his back on the first step of a staircase.
in of a sits wall a shirt a front black on striped A brick red and in girl plant. tropical	A girl in a red and black striped shirt sits on a brick wall in front of a tropical plant.
of row a little smiling on boy mowed A grass runs between freshly trees.	A smiling little boy runs on freshly mowed grass between a row of trees.
dog of is a area The through with its running mouth. wood black swampy pieces	The black dog is running through a swampy area with pieces of wood its mouth.
laugh smile. and Children	Children laugh and smile.
a and black coat man Old hat. with	Old man with a black coat and hat.
of stairs. a down skateboards of railings A large set kid	A kid skateboards down railings of a large set of stairs.
sweatshirt hair white A smiling. and blond a girl is with	A girl with a white sweatshirt and blond hair is smiling.
in a girl small A playing park.	A small girl playing in a park.
in red firetruck. a A front group people of of	A group of people in front of a red firetruck.
does trick the rail. while on riding skateboard Teen	Teen does trick on skateboard while riding the rail.
kick to ball in the A soccer a about is girl grass.	A girl is about to kick a soccer ball in the grass.
microphone violin A people. shirt holds beside player man crowd flowered a standing in a a in of a	A man in a flowered shirt holds a microphone beside a violin player standing in a crowd of people.
where down. the sit The green people is countryside hilly gathered to are	The green hilly countryside is where the people are gathered to sit down.
by standing street buildings. on surounded man The the is	The man is standing on the street surounded by buildings.
to black dog a jumps up ball. A white catch	A black dog jumps up to catch a white ball.
grass A dog through runs a toy. retriever golden carrying	A golden retriever runs through grass carrying a dog toy.
dog A in the digs sand. brown	A brown dog digs in the sand.
groomed playing on A lined is tennis a puppy path a with ball with well-kept bushes.	A puppy is playing with a tennis ball on a well-kept path lined with groomed bushes.
are Two playing dogs together outside.	Two dogs are playing together outside.
pile leaves. is running boy blue a A of little through in brown	A little boy in blue is running through a pile of brown leaves.
black play in Two snow. dogs	Two black dogs play in snow.
clear and man wears cap plastic A mask. a face	A man wears a clear plastic cap and face mask.
mountains. through that near parked binoculars A car while front is in woman standing looking is a of	A woman is looking through binoculars while standing in front of a car that is parked near mountains.
man of in with collarless smokes a cigarette a A a front shirt courthouse.	A man with a collarless shirt smokes a cigarette in front of a courthouse.
bridge that a are stream. rope climbing on crossing a People is	People are climbing on a rope bridge that is crossing a stream.
the dog in is grass. brown running A	A brown dog is running in the grass.
large run out black A lady dog place her in a brown for and a and grassy	A lady and her large brown and black dog out for a run in a grassy place
through snow. mountain Two of white a bank dogs walk huge	Two white dogs walk through a huge bank of mountain snow.
racing along the The horses are dirt track.	The horses are racing along the dirt track.
a river along men only in walking Three shorts	Three men only in shorts walking along a river
swinging a on A swing. boy young	A young boy swinging on a swing.
the dog and dog smaller As looks brown black dog. plays large the a white a way, black with other	As the brown dog looks the other way, a large black and white dog plays with a smaller black dog.
while to on while two standing A watch. boy devices balance others two his tries floating keep	A boy tries to keep his balance while standing on two floating devices while two others watch.
newborn baby with lake. a their couple a facing under A sitting tree	A couple with their newborn baby sitting under a tree facing a lake.
top cement ramp. of man his A on of jumps skateboard off a the	A man jumps off of his skateboard on the top of a cement ramp.
man free says a jumping '. is on over sign green bicycle ' a that dinner A	A man is jumping on a green bicycle over a sign that says ' free dinner '.
black in in dressed trees. of front asian girls dry picture Two for pose a	Two asian girls dressed in black pose for a picture in front of dry trees.
of girl in a in red dress a A is front mural. black posing and	A girl in a red and black dress is posing in front of a mural.
toward people. mascot hands team its raising A	A team mascot raising its hands toward people.
overhead An motorcycle. racing a of view	An overhead view of a racing motorcycle.
line men in compete on of bicycles A race a	A line of men on bicycles compete in a race
kayaks the men for getting beach on the secured night. are The their	The men are getting their kayaks secured on the beach for the night.
object white a the dog mouth. water while holding its A swims in red in	A white dog swims in the water while holding a red object in its mouth.
girl yellow over water. on stands body A suit a bathing in a rock a of	A girl in a yellow bathing suit stands on a rock over a body of water.
people in a city crowded Three area.	Three people in a crowded city area.
in a white black with his dog on hind legs and his Frisbee A mouth	A black and white dog with a Frisbee in his mouth on his hind legs
dog water. jumping into A the is	A dog is jumping into the water.
A woman man the waterfront. and at a	A man and a woman at the waterfront.
blue children by stream. a two A stands in portrait playing with chalk dress a of a woman	A woman in a blue dress stands with a chalk portrait of two children playing by a stream.
A gun a man emits bright a light. shoots that	A man shoots a gun that emits a bright light.
a hatted for pose The males picture.	The hatted males pose for a picture.
and boy purple with a little shirt A blue balls. playing in orange shorts	A little boy in a purple shirt and blue shorts playing with orange balls.
A green girl in leaps a jacket the air. in	A girl in a green jacket leaps in the air.
snow. two in stand dogs the	two dogs stand in the snow.
setting. A does a a natural a in bike jump on person	A person does a jump on a bike in a natural setting.
flowers. pink The shirt a girl picking wearing is	The girl wearing a pink shirt is picking flowers.
table person up of red a mixing behind in front with with standing their lady is A her hair another holding hands.	A lady with red hair is standing in front of a mixing table with another person behind her holding up their hands.
men Five suits. in	Five men in suits.
couple rain A posing jackets the on. camera for with	A couple posing for the camera with rain jackets on.
a arms short wall jumps his off boy out. with A	A boy jumps off a short wall with his arms out.
shirt a back man a black on jumping dog's wearing white a and	a man wearing a black and white shirt jumping on a dog's back
uniform, field, throwing a is in The in is baseball a guy baseball and baseball a	The guy is in a baseball uniform, in a baseball field, and is throwing a baseball
carrying child a A bags while pigeons, runs among man watches.	A child runs among pigeons, while a man carrying bags watches.
man through looks rocky bike rides A ground on while red-clad a man another	A red-clad man rides a bike through rocky ground while another man looks on
field. a A through bounds and black dog white	A black and white dog bounds through a field.
on One young a boy another boy pushing swing. young	One young boy pushing another young boy on a swing.
machine. a drink cups Several and their filling are adults	Several adults are filling their cups and a drink machine.
sign. a holds up A young peace girl	A young girl holds up a peace sign.
are playing children The indoors. basketball	The children are playing basketball indoors.
trick on on a a sitting stairs. table attempts off watch a Onlookers as man a skateboard	Onlookers watch as a man on a skateboard attempts a trick off a table sitting on stairs.
The board the on skater his pipe. rides	The skater rides his board on the pipe.
the A fountain. young plays water in boy	A young boy plays in the water fountain.
A on child is while swing. being smiling a	A child is smiling while being on a swing.
orange and standing small lot boy a raising pumpkins. among A of hand his	A small boy raising his hand and standing among a lot of orange pumpkins.
young jacket in blue wearing a life swimming child a a pool	a young child swimming in a pool wearing a blue life jacket
shirt down a and drain a crocks young A looking child green in	A young child in a green shirt and crocks looking down a drain
running yellow on sand. dogs Two	Two yellow dogs running on sand.
young body standing her on ocean. board on A girl out with looks beach the the	A young girl standing on the beach with her body board looks out on the ocean.
backs stands in to large their couple mirror. A a the street with	A couple stands in the street with their backs to a large mirror.
a run through field. Three dogs	Three dogs run through a field.
crowd Six pink wearing matchin in dresses front of women a	Six women wearing matchin pink dresses in front of a crowd
their little catwalk showing kids walk fashion. off Two the	Two little kids walk the catwalk showing off their fashion.
air up leaps the being watched trampoline. A boy he on is as in a	A boy is being watched as he leaps up in the air on a trampoline.
basketball A player the slam ball. dunks	A basketball player slam dunks the ball.
party is An wedding entire posing pictures. for	An entire wedding party is posing for pictures.
swings ball. A at a tennis woman	A woman swings at a tennis ball.
arms. between in a chair his is sitting person's A baby high	A baby is sitting in his high chair between a person's arms.
leaping a creek. A dog black is into	A black dog is leaping into a creek.
the A kite surfer air. through jumps	A kite surfer jumps through the air.
people is and together one of a A and standing sign. crowd holding woman gathered	A crowd of people gathered together and one woman is standing and holding a sign.
old village. streetway in Narrow	Narrow streetway in old village.
black in in water swimming something its green dog A with mouth. is	A black dog is swimming in green water with something in its mouth.
diaper cute in plays a dirt. baby and in The the shirt	The cute baby in a diaper and shirt plays in the dirt.
messily girl A a of eats plate pasta.	A girl messily eats a plate of pasta.
is adults. walking boy little shirtless The around	The shirtless little boy is walking around adults.
boy a slide. red going A down and is and little blue slip	A little boy is going down a blue and red slip and slide.
black, gravel. brown, white the dog along and runs on A	A brown, black, and white dog runs along on the gravel.
stands a hood cap, a in outdoors crowd. baseball and on a person A with hair, blue	A person with blue hair, a baseball cap, and a hood on stands outdoors in a crowd.
on a People motorbikes coming turn. around are	People on motorbikes are coming around a turn.
skips a rocks near bridge. A	A skips rocks near a bridge.
with food his in The dog running is mouth.	The dog is running with food in his mouth.
beside Two street the fence. metal red a bags are carrying men white on	Two men are carrying red bags on the street beside a white metal fence.
a jumps shirtless red a through onto cushion. curtain boy A	A shirtless boy jumps through a curtain onto a red cushion.
next is to a black parked car bull field. A grassy in red a	A red car is parked next to a black bull in a grassy field.
after A ball. a is running through chasing water dog the	A dog is running through the water chasing after a ball.
climbs dog white over A a small log.	A small white dog climbs over a log.
wearing a woman A looks down. scarf	A woman wearing a scarf looks down.
A wall crawling a is rock rock up man	A man is rock crawling up a rock wall
A rock wall. climber a scaling stone	A rock climber scaling a stone wall.
kissed hand living artist. her gets street Woman statue by	Woman gets her hand kissed by living statue street artist.
dog black and in the the camera. towards A grass lays looks	A black dog lays in the grass and looks towards the camera.
White fenced grassy collar with in running area in dog	White dog with collar running in fenced in grassy area
equipment. people electrical behind standing Six	Six people standing behind electrical equipment.
jumping with covered is on ramp graffiti. A bicyclist	A bicyclist is jumping on ramp covered with graffiti.
boys basketball. young four play	four young boys play basketball.
night. at in walking guy across is street the gray A	A guy in gray is walking across the street at night.
the a crouches tan in brown of white man on tree. a trunk capris, t-shirt, sandals, and A	A man in tan capris, brown sandals, and a white t-shirt, crouches on the trunk of a tree.
the people look mountains a horseback on with at lake distance. Four in	Four people on horseback look at a lake with mountains in the distance.
of in a large walking people in camel the a tan front desert of couple	a couple of people in the desert walking in front of a large tan camel
getting A a ready ball uniform baseball girl a to in throw the game. at	A girl in a baseball uniform getting ready to throw the ball at a game.
water. the blue pool boy a into jumps	a boy jumps into the blue pool water.
A boy hay feeding an young some is horse a bucket. from orange	A young boy is feeding a horse some hay from an orange bucket.
her holds asian an fur scarf. woman	an asian woman holds her fur scarf.
a eating peach. girl A	A girl eating a peach.
An jacket man older on. a young in camera a looks the man while confronts blue	An older man confronts the camera while a young man in a blue jacket looks on.
dog the with on a plays A black grass. toy	A black dog plays with a toy on the grass.
woods. boy A on bike a in the a trick does	A boy does a trick on a bike in the woods.
ball follow other man sports in uniform him soccer a while players a kicking A	A man in a sports uniform kicking a soccer ball while other players follow him
for A on man with picture his near sunglasses head a wharf. the poses	A man with sunglasses on his head poses for a picture near the wharf.
face ascending stands climbers man holding whilst rock rope. Seven another the are a	Seven climbers are ascending a rock face whilst another man stands holding the rope.
in upside-down the in is air A the man snow.	A man is in the air upside-down in the snow.
crowd while is A shrine the at hands looking their holding in a air	A crowd is looking at a shrine while holding their hands in the air
water dog a carrying stick. in long A	A dog in water carrying a long stick.
kiddie lady pool a watches. the around A splashes while kid little in	A little kid splashes around in the kiddie pool while a lady watches.
pavement on toward dogs moving Two each other.	Two dogs on pavement moving toward each other.
around poles white running and red dog	dog running around red and white poles
dog forest the brown a on in with background. A white trampoline and a	A brown and white dog on a trampoline with a forest in the background.
on bike his street yellow a A with man	A man on a street with his yellow bike
The the murky two dogs in water are	The two dogs are in the murky water
and against the eat. floor child to a on A young leans sits map	A young child sits on the floor and leans against a map to eat.
in is pool. a dog a paddling a blue splash making	a dog is making a splash in a blue paddling pool.
the front wall. wall on brick a a smiling man standing in of with Pictures white	Pictures on a white brick wall with a smiling man standing in front of the wall.
a while a pigeons. sit by bench A women moped rides surrounded on person	A person rides a moped while women sit on a bench surrounded by pigeons.
A wearing bald man glasses.	A bald man wearing glasses.
boy on a plays swing. the	a boy plays on the swing.
snow. in are the playing The dogs	The dogs are playing in the snow.
down as slide. her child up she Blond arms travels throws	Blond child throws up her arms as she travels down slide.
stick get A who is throwing woman blond for orange it. her is leaping a to dog,	A blond woman is throwing a stick for her orange dog, who is leaping to get it.
wearing Girls a and soccer blue uniforms playing pink game. are	Girls wearing pink and blue uniforms are playing a soccer game.
running almost falling. Man and	Man running and almost falling.
umbrella at in hot-pink under a beach. woman A a sits the swimsuit black	A woman in a black swimsuit sits under a hot-pink umbrella at the beach.
player A ball. with UW the runs football	A UW football player runs with the ball.
of the woods. on dog the A tan sits edge large	A large tan dog sits on the edge of the woods.
stunt A on a motorcycle a doing standing man	A man standing on a motorcycle doing a stunt
young play boys Three outside.	Three young boys play outside.
A a while jumping. flip doing skier	A skier doing a flip while jumping.
wet swinging his A around long hair ocean. the is haired mail in	A long haired mail is swinging his wet hair around in the ocean.
mouth through with up his A water. treading picks while dog stick a	A dog picks up a stick with his mouth while treading through water.
a wooden rocking horse. child The is on	The child is on a wooden rocking horse.
a ball. green catch dog has white brown a open ready mouth and is to	a brown and white dog has is mouth open ready to catch a green ball.
into boy not-so-crowded A jumps public a pool.	A boy jumps into a not-so-crowded public pool.
The person blue in in is forest riding the jacket the	The person in the blue jacket is riding in the forest
beard event. a A young man with an at	A young man with a beard at an event.
The pizza outside hat. a wearing purple girl a standing shop	The girl standing outside a pizza shop wearing a purple hat.
A a suit. man glasses wearing and	A man wearing glasses and a suit.
Olympics off face players Two net female Beijing in the with the background. visible volleyball logo at the beach	Two female beach volleyball players face off at the net with the Beijing Olympics logo visible in the background.
backpack a along buildings. A with a walks of woman series	A woman with a backpack walks along a series of buildings.
a another push up to boy pole. trying is The	The boy is trying to push another up a pole.
with the in distance hat staring at park sculpture. Woman with	Woman with hat staring in the distance at park with sculpture.
grey in of t-shirt man mountain. snow-covered A front standing in a a	A man in a grey t-shirt standing in front of a snow-covered mountain.
black in backwards a white man sports and is top a in stadium. cap stretching A	A man in a black top and white cap is stretching backwards in a sports stadium.
congregate on a Athletes numbered horses in field.	Athletes on numbered horses congregate in a field.
the the in dark. Someone in sitting tree	Someone sitting in the tree in the dark.
blue ball. and red A a boy small lifts	A small boy lifts a red and blue ball.
snowboarder is in A a midair trick. doing	A snowboarder is in midair doing a trick.
older A behind an crowd man. gathers	A crowd gathers behind an older man.
a lying platform. telescope train and A down holding man a on	A man holding a telescope and lying down on a train platform.
Two in hair standing long a guys of window. with front	Two guys with long hair standing in front of a window.
huge inside bubble young head his sticking boy a a	a young boy sticking his head inside a huge bubble
in riding splash a the ocean windsurf. whilst a making red a is big windsurfer	a windsurfer is making a big splash in the ocean whilst riding a red windsurf.
A someone to looks player ball the basketball pass for to.	A basketball player looks for someone to pass the ball to.
on holding laying man on leash sitting ground bench of dog	man laying on bench holding leash of dog sitting on ground
jacket A near and in grass. walking red hat pink girl a	A girl in a pink jacket and red hat walking near grass.
of women one them smoking. Two is and are standing	Two women are standing and one of them is smoking.
man streets. A the on	A man on the streets.
red with collar the The through is jumping black a water. dog	The black dog with a red collar is jumping through the water.
with a is dog blue sheet. bed on laying The a	The dog is laying on a bed with a blue sheet.
camouflage pants in Men parking across lot. a racing	Men in camouflage pants racing across a parking lot.
stick. same wet the each sand, biting Two dogs on	Two dogs on wet sand, each biting the same stick.
obstacle through dog runs course. an A	A dog runs through an obstacle course.
in parking A group lot. stand circle men playing a a six in instruments of wooded	A group of six men stand in a circle playing instruments in a wooded parking lot.
skier from a helping a snow skier the get fellow up	a skier helping a fellow skier get up from the snow
runner pain. in during makes is a a because race A he face	A runner makes a face during a race because he is in pain.
A is of front crowd. dirt in a biker airborne	A dirt biker is airborne in front of a crowd.
in booth sits diner. at a a A man	A man sits in a booth at a diner.
ramp. gets of top the skateboarder The to the	The skateboarder gets to the top of the ramp.
campaign head. his man over A sign a raises	A man raises a campaign sign over his head.
are The dogs standing grass. in three tall	The three dogs are standing in tall grass.
the on People beach to boats. next sun	People sun on the beach next to boats.
truck. toddler plays with a in The suspenders	The toddler in suspenders plays with a truck.
shorts jet of water. a A stands next to boy in	A boy in shorts stands next to a jet of water.
on her the street. products lady solicits The restaurants's	The lady solicits her restaurants's products on the street.
in A landfill. is dog a	A dog is in a landfill.
of woman bikini the a holding baby. the bottoms stands in surf in naked hand A	A woman in bikini bottoms stands in the surf holding the hand of a naked baby.
greyhound a around dog track a muzzled running is	a muzzled greyhound dog is running around a track
read with ocean in A boarding boy the hair kid	A kid with read hair boy boarding in the ocean
outside. and a riding girl her a pink bellbottoms wearing bike scarf pink	a girl wearing a pink scarf and pink bellbottoms riding her bike outside.
of next landing Person to on body concrete sitting water	Person sitting on concrete landing next to body of water
a A black a attempts while riding to rope cow horse. person	A person attempts to rope a black cow while riding a horse.
other. sniffing each dogs Three	Three dogs sniffing each other.
face tube A metal sliding a first down child	A child sliding face first down a metal tube
running a mouth. dog grass is stick the large The brown in through large with its	The large brown dog is running through the grass with a large stick in its mouth.
frozen shorts is athlete caught red in basketball a during move. An	An athlete in red shorts is caught frozen during a basketball move.
near in sitting ox. women India, an Two	Two women in India, sitting near an ox.
drink and holding woman a smiling. A	A woman holding a drink and smiling.
is in A attempting to mud with boy out nearby. get deep onlookers	A boy in deep mud is attempting to get out with onlookers nearby.
young sidewalk a two across a on going children skateboard	two young children on a skateboard going across a sidewalk
wall writing scrolled woman a a behind is	a woman behind a scrolled wall is writing
pink A on the dances wearing sidewalk. girl	A girl wearing pink dances on the sidewalk.
is standing lipstick. a wearing in red girl Asian crowd An	An Asian girl is standing in a crowd wearing red lipstick.
through dog field. A black runs a	A black dog runs through a field.
looking grass sky. Two at on of front in a the lake people sitting	Two people sitting on grass in front of a lake looking at the sky.
dogs turn. around a Four race	Four dogs race around a turn.
long along A the skates of inside person tube. a	A person skates along the inside of a long tube.
people Two head in field. coverings stand with sandy a	Two people with head coverings stand in a sandy field.
collide. Two players opposing hockey	Two opposing hockey players collide.
and dancing lollipop a Small in street. is boy the eating	Small boy is eating a lollipop and dancing in the street.
in People are file skiing line. cross-country single a	People are cross-country skiing in a single file line.
swims black a next surfboard. a to pink in a on shirt A girl man	A man in a black shirt swims next to a girl on a pink surfboard.
of the mountain. a Two on stand top people covered snow	Two people stand on the top of a snow covered mountain.
holding crouching a and man A camera.	A man crouching and holding a camera.
and dog white bounding steps. black is down white A	A black and white dog is bounding down white steps.
a A food wait. man others for wearing of while red a shirt striped plate reaches	A man wearing a red striped shirt reaches for a plate of food while others wait.
the in air skateboard above is a riding ramp. a person A	A person is riding a skateboard in the air above a ramp.
the A dog into from face its shower garden a hose. sticking	A dog sticking its face into the shower from a garden hose.
other. barking on at black showing snow, and teeth dogs and each Brown	Brown and black dogs on snow, showing teeth and barking at each other.
a A white man headband top. with on and black wearing a striped a red cap flower with knit	A man wearing a black knit cap with a red and white striped headband with a flower on top.
rocky A area. dog in a standing	A dog standing in a rocky area.
shirt green in rides A in a woods. the a man bike	A man in a green shirt rides a bike in the woods.
in a leaves a jumping pile of child young	a young child jumping in a pile of leaves
on standing A guy white grass. dog and	A guy and white dog standing on grass.
their wearing on red heads. asian Several cloths women	Several asian women wearing red cloths on their heads.
road. ride a skateboards on People	People ride skateboards on a road.
runs toy. A yellow with outside dog a	A dog runs outside with a yellow toy.
a indoors. A chasing dog ball	A dog chasing a ball indoors.
woman blue and with a shirt A hoop earrings.	A woman with a blue shirt and hoop earrings.
Two in people on the sitting shade. bench a	Two people on a bench sitting in the shade.
over yard dog a A leaves. knocking in in potted covered plants	A dog knocking over potted plants in a yard covered in leaves.
his frisbie a mouth in running A with is dog field. a in snowy	A dog with a frisbie in his mouth is running in a snowy field.
in of man dances audience. a girl with an a young in A front suit	A man in a suit dances with a young girl in front of an audience.
the shore ocean. birds is dog black the A of on two chasing	A black dog is chasing two birds on the shore of the ocean.
jump dirt a a person bike. wearing taking is on A yellow	A person wearing yellow is taking a jump on a dirt bike.
in kiddie wrestle a dogs Two pool.	Two dogs wrestle in a kiddie pool.
a with net by shallow children Two stand shore. a	Two children stand with a net by a shallow shore.
running front field dogs house. in in of a a Two	Two dogs running in a field in front of a house.
black the man wetsuit surfing is A a in in ocean.	A man in a black wetsuit is surfing in the ocean.
standing dogs, Frisbee, grass. white the on one Two together on playing a	Two dogs, the white one standing on a Frisbee, playing together on grass.
members the by wearing man team in a surrounded young a uniform opposing A white green. of holds basketball	A young man in a white uniform holds a basketball surrounded by members of the opposing team wearing green.
runs with the The ball across football player the field.	The football player runs with the ball across the field.
a man dog dead on tree his A trunk. watching standing	A man watching his dog standing on a dead tree trunk.
city a man A a sitting curb park. on in	A man sitting on a curb in a city park.
in Two play with the shower girls their on. clothes	Two girls play in the shower with their clothes on.
running dogs around two	two dogs running around
A short of hair. woman with a red closeup	A closeup of a woman with short red hair.
on and the a beach. boy girl playing A	A boy and a girl playing on the beach.
dressed women man two costumes. in and A	A man and two women dressed in costumes.
two young on outside a dirt standing children road.	two young children standing outside on a dirt road.
is woman the camera. at looking An elderly	An elderly woman is looking at the camera.
rocks. Two next dogs playing to	Two dogs playing next to rocks.
A and shakes a beats hair tatooed their drum. person	A tatooed person shakes their hair and beats a drum.
A airplane. person an in	A person in an airplane.
Black in white running stick dog and snow. with a the	Black and white dog with a stick running in the snow.
helmet air wheeled wearing a on person four bike a in	person wearing a helmet on a four wheeled bike in air
a boy toy A chases girl driving red little who is little jeep. a	A little boy chases a little girl who is driving a red toy jeep.
leg. two examine football a players men	two men examine a football players leg.
spread his arms shirt next A to woman. man without a a with poses	A man without a shirt poses with his arms spread next to a woman.
the water shore's white A on through edge. running dog the	A white dog running through the water on the shore's edge.
his a they on man street. signs as puts woman look A arm at the around	A man puts his arm around a woman as they look at signs on the street.
shirt a man of in a building blue a standing front in	a man in a blue shirt standing in front of a building
dog jumping black brown out A of pond. a and	A brown and black dog jumping out of a pond.
a child back A moving on fast looking swing.	A child looking back on a fast moving swing.
riding a tobaggan snowy down a boy hill A	A boy riding a tobaggan down a snowy hill
microphone. a instrument into man an by blows electrical A	A man blows into an electrical instrument by a microphone.
Children stretch outside.	Children stretch outside.
headdress, holding hand, wearing mirror. in and a lipstick feather looks her in A showgirl, a	A showgirl, holding lipstick in her hand, and wearing a feather headdress, looks in a mirror.
are through dogs surf. Two running the	Two dogs are running through the surf.
white flowers. in young of a A field girl	A young girl in a field of white flowers.
another dog A the a in third with dog orange orange grass. large little dog and	A large orange dog and a little orange dog with another third dog in the grass.
blue on child a something hand A his holding in shirt a is lake in shore.	A child in a blue shirt is holding something in his hand on a lake shore.
a the the basketball brown basket. wearing throwing man shirt a into	a man wearing a brown shirt throwing the basketball into the basket.
A as dogs woman hill. smiling a watches on four run	A smiling woman watches as four dogs run on a hill.
fog climbing hiker surrounding him. hill rocky with a A	A hiker climbing a rocky hill with fog surrounding him.
with brown fluffy its A dog ball. the green in snow lays	A brown fluffy dog lays in the snow with its green ball.
a with A boy helmet street. across skateboards the	A boy with a helmet skateboards across the street.
with in mouth. dog brown is There ball outside tennis a a its swimming	There is a brown dog swimming outside with a tennis ball in its mouth.
tree, Two peeking laughing. around and a schoolgirls	Two schoolgirls peeking around a tree, and laughing.
jumping A dog is with water. the head little red into a	A little dog with a red head is jumping into the water.
dog The the running sand. is wet through	The dog is running through the wet sand.
garden. on works man his A	A man works on his garden.
the German off leaps stairs. shepherd The	The German shepherd leaps off the stairs.
cricket A man playing	A man playing cricket
runs the field. dog across A grassy	A dog runs across the grassy field.
a blows bubble. woman massive A	A woman blows a massive bubble.
a black next woman to a riding horse on police man a brown A jacket. in	A police woman riding on a brown horse next to a man in a black jacket.
set the player up throw is A to and ball. basketball looking	A basketball player is looking up and set to throw the ball.
A a brown dog path. down runs snow-covered	A brown dog runs down a snow-covered path.
dog A as a behind. stride race large follow others leaps	A race dog leaps a large stride as others follow behind.
a in Three sliding baseball ; running motion in base, background. another players into the one	Three baseball players in motion ; one sliding into a base, another running in the background.
walking on by the man sitting A man street. a	A man walking by a sitting man on the street.
on a man snow, rope. A huge holding of a chunk	A man on a huge chunk of snow, holding a rope.
biker A the mountain through woods. riding	A mountain biker riding through the woods.
long a snowboarder barricade jumping over in outside the a snow.	a long snowboarder jumping over a barricade outside in the snow.
while herself sun woman mid-afternoon the a An a t-shirt city. fans Asian misspelled waiting in bus the in for in	An Asian woman in a misspelled t-shirt fans herself in the mid-afternoon sun while waiting for a bus in the city.
man shirt a holds art. a wearing A up of blue piece	A man wearing a blue shirt holds up a piece of art.
A is lounging on holding pencil. man tattoos with a a couch	A man with tattoos is lounging on a couch holding a pencil.
snow dog the sniffing and white brown ground. covered is a	a brown and white dog is sniffing the snow covered ground.
kicking a soccer down man ball a uniform the in blue the field	a man in a blue uniform kicking the soccer ball down the field
toys. dogs with walking their Two	Two dogs walking with their toys.
full Children the an of paper to bags. next holding woman standing statue old	Children standing next to the statue of an old woman holding full paper bags.
in dogs biting another field. a Two dog	Two dogs biting another dog in a field.
man dog. A a with	A man with a dog.
one Two a another chase on road. dogs gravel	Two dogs chase one another on a gravel road.
sitting with plastic from on boy a it. The at table while a glass drinks food	The boy drinks from a plastic glass while sitting at a table with food on it.
a boy A tree. is red shoes in wearing climbing	A boy wearing red shoes is climbing in a tree.
hat black a a a little A lady of flowers. holds crown with with girl	A lady with a black hat holds a little girl with a crown of flowers.
head and man in clothes coverings Three a and women and dressed snow. walking are in boy the colorful	Three women dressed in colorful clothes and head coverings and a man and boy are walking in the snow.
another a man on. uniform others uniform jumps swings A look red in in blue and while a	A man in a red uniform swings while another in a blue uniform jumps and others look on.
on rest snowboarder a A takes mountainside. the	A snowboarder takes a rest on the mountainside.
bouncy with is seat baby an him. in A surrounding toys	A baby is in an bouncy seat with toys surrounding him.
in a A red rain. woman a the down in vest jogs street heavy	A woman in a red vest jogs down the street in a heavy rain.
An orchestra performs.	An orchestra performs.
to dog next rocks. through a large runs A creek	A dog runs through a creek next to large rocks.
upside wears girl outfit swings The down. a and purple	The girl wears a purple outfit and swings upside down.
with glasses is standing to next hair. woman A man blonde a with	A man with glasses is standing next to a woman with blonde hair.
white over the helmet. man from a with Water splashing left a	Water from the left splashing over a man with a white helmet.
doing bicycle. This person on trick is a his	This person is doing a trick on his bicycle.
swimming are out A mouth. and his bubbles coming is of underwater boy	A boy is swimming underwater and bubbles are coming out of his mouth.
at parasails night Man	Man parasails at night
brown dirt running along dog A a road.	A brown dog running along a dirt road.
to a man to a something. points A show blackboard child	A man points to a blackboard to show a child something.
are dress. girls wearing traditional Japanese Two	Two Japanese girls are wearing traditional dress.
mouth. in its A black a is red bucket carrying dog	A black dog is carrying a red bucket in its mouth.
in red skateboarding. boy little A	A little boy in red skateboarding.
the look men young Two camera. smiling at	Two smiling young men look at the camera.
man his dirt A with stream is in a young bike.	A young man is in a stream with his dirt bike.
warmly for picture. a pose man A dressed in woman	A man in woman dressed warmly pose for a picture.
substance flies over over dropping fire. red mountaintop red Small airplane	Small red airplane flies over mountaintop dropping red substance over fire.
Man at with laptop. sitting a headphones	Man sitting with headphones at a laptop.
with A wading river. in dog white collar a brown and a	A brown and white dog with a collar wading in a river.
a is performing midair stunt. bicyclist A	A bicyclist is performing a midair stunt.
tricks. performs A waterskier	A waterskier performs tricks.
beam. a work man and and woman A on sit metal	A man and woman sit and work on a metal beam.
is a skate a park. skateboarder city doing cap wearing in a stunt white a	a skateboarder wearing a white cap is doing a stunt in a city skate park.
brown A and plays dog black big outdoors.	A big black and brown dog plays outdoors.
being of trees. a palm a shirt front child in deposited blue slide a is in onto exits a sand from	a child in a blue shirt exits is being deposited from a slide onto a sand in front of palm trees.
run a Two field. dogs through	Two dogs run through a field.
open Mexico with is man front a of it. ' standing Abarrotes in There store ' an	There is an open ' Abarrotes Mexico ' store with a man standing in front of it.
toy running mouth. through its dog white in A water with a	A dog running through water with a white toy in its mouth.
pharmacy People on Rite Broadway. stand the outside of Aid	People stand outside of the Rite Aid pharmacy on Broadway.
of water. dock into A a and man off jumps the	A man jumps off of a dock and into the water.
the dog the smaller mouths their Both dog open. have and larger	Both the larger dog and the smaller dog have their mouths open.
in a snow dogs the around few jumping	a few dogs jumping around in the snow
sign as the floaties. offers red-headed peace she girl with the in swims pool A	A red-headed girl offers the peace sign as she swims in the pool with floaties.
of shorts Woman body bikini in in the blue water and top with white background.	Woman in white bikini top and blue shorts with body of water in the background.
mud. A through some walks dog	A dog walks through some mud.
with a A camera. boy basketballs at the glowers	A boy with a basketballs glowers at the camera.
a grassy three of standing side snowy hill the on people	three people standing on the side of a snowy grassy hill
smiles. A with dirty a face boy	A boy with a dirty face smiles.
his a trick does on A jump boy bicycle a on bike	A boy on a bicycle does a jump trick on his bike
playing Two beige the in a near are grass doghouse. dogs	Two beige dogs are playing in the grass near a doghouse.
looks pose camera another while for man the man on. and A woman	A man and woman pose for the camera while another man looks on.
the A waterfall. and watches man in wades a water	A man wades in the water and watches a waterfall.
hockey snow. Two the in play kids	Two kids play hockey in the snow.
a coat woman camera. smiles red at the wearing down A	A woman wearing a red coat smiles down at the camera.
with each other. around their are entwined two heads The dogs standing	The two dogs are standing with their heads entwined around each other.
as player leap in red in air the takes dressed soccer A a on. teammate his looks	A soccer player dressed in red takes a leap in the air as his teammate looks on.
People in fair. merchandise the a examine tent at a crafts	People examine the merchandise in a tent at a crafts fair.
in girl young a the a on pink A hat with with background. yellow building	A young girl with a pink hat on with a yellow building in the background.
its Sheltie carries in the snow. white-colored mouth across it toy as A a walks dog	A Sheltie dog carries a white-colored toy in its mouth as it walks across the snow.
with stick and mouth, runs big a A him. in his behind brown big dog a down runs black	A big brown dog runs with a stick in his mouth, and a big black down runs behind him.
with playing Two grass. a children on ball the	Two children playing with a ball on the grass.
show. a dog ramp a during down A dog running	A dog running down a ramp during a dog show.
toddler with boy inside area. A bubbles an dances young play at	A young toddler boy dances with bubbles at an inside play area.
in black The the leaps dog the into grass. air	The black dog leaps into the air in the grass.
Three a shoulder with the in harnesses as girl ride girls green poses. riding are	Three girls are riding a ride with shoulder harnesses as the girl in green poses.
one ball on its a in dogs Three grass, with mouth. blue	Three dogs on grass, one with a blue ball in its mouth.
is climbing. rock A girl glasses wearing in blue a harness while	A girl wearing glasses is in a blue harness while rock climbing.
blue leads man across The his black obstacle. and a dog white	The man leads his black and white dog across a blue obstacle.
in wind, brown the A furry a dog. plays with woman	A woman plays in the wind, with a furry brown dog.
running field. through A is a dog	A dog is running through a field.
mouth. in a dog his red holds A dark of color leash	A dog of dark color holds a red leash in his mouth.
curve. Race a around dogs run	Race dogs run around a curve.
player victory. is in on holding A team soccer up	A soccer team is holding up on player in victory.
a in is fog. through A rowing white man boat	A man in a white boat is rowing through fog.
dog large is jumping brown into A ocean. the	A large brown dog is jumping into the ocean.
the into air. a jumps snowboarder	a snowboarder jumps into the air.
A bottom a young slide. girl at is the of	A young girl is at the bottom of a slide.
lady with brown a hair with stands a in crowd A camera. curly	A lady with curly brown hair stands in a crowd with a camera.
wall a man wearing skates inline is down cement a skating	a man wearing inline skates is skating down a cement wall
red into jumps water. A in little the boy shorts	A little boy in red shorts jumps into the water.
small a over black dog jumps a bar.	a small black dog jumps over a bar.
A at by father. at a a encouraged pinata, a party swings a child bat	A child at a party swings a bat at a pinata, encouraged by a father.
in a playing kite Two children with wide open countryside. are out	Two children are playing with a kite out in wide open countryside.
dogs playing grass. on the Two together	Two dogs playing together on the grass.
dog a on jumping a dog that brown is laying down over A patio. is black	A brown dog is jumping over a black dog that is laying down on a patio.
in grass. The green running is the white dog	The white dog is running in the green grass.
his pool mouth plays brown and open. the with beige in dog swimming dark A	A beige and dark brown dog plays in the swimming pool with his mouth open.
a down jumps hill. dog black A snowy	A black dog jumps down a snowy hill.
flies into A surfboard. the air with his man	A man flies into the air with his surfboard.
There jeans light couch grass girl a and a with is hair sitting on on brown it. in	There is a couch sitting on grass with a girl in jeans and light brown hair on it.
the red A at man standing of a jacket in some is at night. top steps	A man in a red jacket is standing at the top of some steps at night.
outside a railing the people a of building two enterance leaning against	two people leaning against a railing outside the enterance of a building
scuba are water in diving of Two people blue lots with bubbles.	Two people are scuba diving in blue water with lots of bubbles.
the man is the tie shirt in The by flowery sitting window. bus a red and on	The man in the red shirt and flowery tie is sitting on a bus by the window.
shirt climbing. woman in white is blue rock A and shorts indoor a	A woman in blue shorts and a white shirt is indoor rock climbing.
climbing. mountain People	People mountain climbing.
his who head is hand. resting A his on man	A man who is resting his head on his hand.
A purple child while bike a helmet. young a wearing small red rides	A young child rides a small purple bike while wearing a red helmet.
beside few setting a ground. tents other the A up tent a on person snowy	A person setting up a tent beside a few other tents on the snowy ground.
down hill. runs concrete a A boy	A boy runs down a concrete hill.
stands on a man building. near a coat red wearing corner A the	A man wearing a red coat stands on the corner near a building.
medium two each dogs size others behinds. smiff	two medium size dogs smiff each others behinds.
get jump. The hand to in something to holds up his man dogs the	The man holds up something in his hand to get the dogs to jump.
lake dog jumping small a threw a some	a small dog jumping threw some a lake
two people water. them, on with behind boat are the are dock they and end by a The surrounded of the	The two people are on the end of the dock with a boat behind them, and they are surrounded by water.
People visiting a market. street	People visiting a street market.
beach's boy on looking girl and ground A edge, small the the at	A small boy and girl on the beach's edge, looking at the ground
five of lounging young group A adults indoors.	A group of five young adults lounging indoors.
a running it. stands A on beach and dog the black while white man behind	A black and white dog running on the beach while a man stands behind it.
A a and the crying sitting on comforting woman child ground	A woman sitting on the ground and comforting a crying child
in man are a of who tent near a turban and police pile a looks two A at officers refuse.	A man in a turban looks at two police officers who are near a tent and a pile of refuse.
uphill. cross-country skiers climb Four	Four cross-country skiers climb uphill.
ground. that from fountains play in the spray water Children	Children play in fountains that spray water from the ground.
the of standing A the woman in street. white middle red and in	A woman in red and white standing in the middle of the street.
ocean in adults overlooking Two the chairs sitting	Two adults sitting in chairs overlooking the ocean
mouth. his is a swimming black ball with A in dog	A black dog is swimming with a ball in his mouth.
a to looking off the man jacket brown in side A	A man in a brown jacket looking off to the side
person being pulled by is the watercraft across water. A gleaming	A person is being pulled by watercraft across the gleaming water.
happily dogs in Four running snow.	Four dogs happily running in snow.
skiing snow-covered man is a A in orange hill. down	A man in orange is skiing down a snow-covered hill.
Two and vests life hugging other. wearing girls are each	Two girls are wearing life vests and hugging each other.
is and white A carrying a brown dog snowball.	A brown and white dog is carrying a snowball.
lying shirt Person of top in on in shirt black person the red in grass.	Person in black shirt lying on top of person in red shirt in the grass.
outwards. a A stretching on while doing legs his motorcycle wheelie man a is	A man is doing a wheelie on a motorcycle while stretching his legs outwards.
sits the little swing green child the blonde-headed above A grass. lush in	A little blonde-headed child sits in the swing above the lush green grass.
Children on in in a participate green a while uniforms. sport field	Children participate in a sport on a green field while in uniforms.
Two running. little dogs white	Two little white dogs running.
with a A dog red ball.	A dog with a red ball.
toy a with plays A noodle pool. foam boy by a	A boy plays with a foam noodle toy by a pool.
grass. and a running the black A white are dog on	A black and a white dog are running on the grass.
woman jumps indoors A high while a boy sleeps a couch. on nearby	A boy jumps high indoors while a woman sleeps on a nearby couch.
singing music. and woman playing old An	An old woman singing and playing music.
paved A forest. run a dog near person on road a a and	A person and a dog run on a paved road near a forest.
holding dog background in runs mouth. ball the with A another dog its a in	A dog runs with another dog in the background holding a ball in its mouth.
A is brown dog white running grass. and over	A white and brown dog is running over grass.
dog the in dog teases field. the large small The	The small dog teases the large dog in the field.
drink woman A a holds and smiles.	A woman holds a drink and smiles.
faces. a friends their on with paint park Two face in	Two friends in a park with face paint on their faces.
a jumps over dog beam. A small yellow	A small dog jumps over a yellow beam.
pan a and hits pink with a with young headband chopsticks. girl dish A	A young girl with a pink headband hits a dish and pan with chopsticks.
to Three rugby trying ball. catch a all players	Three rugby players all trying to catch a ball.
little boy chickens. A chases	A little boy chases chickens.
boy an he as young orange city is a in runs A scene. smiling in shirt	A young boy in an orange shirt is smiling as he runs in a city scene.
young sucking A face-painted boy is thumb. his	A young face-painted boy is sucking his thumb.
doing guy shirt The wearing ollie. an a is blue and	The guy is wearing a blue shirt and doing an ollie.
wave wetsuit in a riding Surfer before	Surfer in wetsuit riding before a wave
The in is post. near posing front light a child small a man of	The man is posing in front of a small child near a light post.
in black runs through covered white snow. a spots with A dog field	A white dog with black spots runs through a field covered in snow.
girls crossing. pedestrian at dressed are standing Two busy a Asian red in	Two Asian girls dressed in red are standing at a busy pedestrian crossing.
white a man dancing in a A black. is woman shirt with in	A man in a white shirt is dancing with a woman in black.
standing Fries him French woman eating blond is is behind and man dark-skinned One	One dark-skinned man is eating French Fries and blond woman is standing behind him
riding A girl helmet. bike the while a red street is wearing on a	A girl is riding a bike on the street while wearing a red helmet.
helmet a person A yellow vehicle. with inside sitting is	A person with helmet is sitting inside a yellow vehicle.
group in large shown is street. A the	A large group is shown in the street.
a flip blue on Gymnast does flooring.	Gymnast does a flip on blue flooring.
on kitchen paws legs has dog on the front and A head hind counter. his his standing	A dog standing on his hind legs has his head and front paws on the kitchen counter.
cone. ice wants of bite A owners white shaggy dog its a cream	A white shaggy dog wants a bite of its owners ice cream cone.
A a golf retrieves dog ball.	A dog retrieves a golf ball.
a swinging swing. haired on A toddler tire blonde	A blonde haired toddler swinging on a tire swing.
view Onlookers wires picture with lights. and	Onlookers view picture with wires and lights.
wearing dark A child a sunglasses. with is Mohawk	A child with a Mohawk is wearing dark sunglasses.
in off of golden blue retriever the A water. jumps surfboard a	A golden retriever jumps off of a blue surfboard in the water.
A dog into is large brown pond. jumping a	A large brown dog is jumping into a pond.
from climbing A him a while another man is rock behind. up man watches	A man is climbing up a rock while another man watches him from behind.
something black on to head reacting woman wearing shirt glasses and	woman wearing black shirt and glasses on head reacting to something
jumping large brown is tall the dog grass. The through	The large brown dog is jumping through the tall grass.
a is a dress in standing girl outside a on store. pavement the yellow	a girl in a yellow dress is standing on the pavement outside a store.
on a street. A stands devil dressed girl city in object a a lighted as of front	A girl dressed as a devil stands in front of a lighted object on a city street.
car of are a on standing people rural a Many road. outside	Many people are standing outside of a car on a rural road.
A the beach is the running dog along beside ocean.	A dog is running along the beach beside the ocean.
bottle in jacket blue a front pink a the of in kids. a crowd A of other girl holding	A girl in a blue jacket holding a pink bottle in the front of a crowd of other kids.
in a A kid doing trick. skateboard purple is	A kid in purple is doing a skateboard trick.
man a boating river A near along shore. the	A man boating along a river near the shore.
riding tired train. the business A man takes nap quick a while	A tired business man takes a quick nap while riding the train.
rink. and black A a hoodie skating ice red in pants child a in	A child in a red hoodie and black pants ice skating in a rink.
onto an is man while underside outcropping rock A climbing. holding of the	A man is holding onto the underside of an outcropping while rock climbing.
ball. grass a flying turns the dog A persue on to	A dog turns on the grass to persue a flying ball.
shorts a and another jeans jacket a child it. up child holding looks A darker-skinned at as dress white in	A child in a jeans jacket and shorts holding up a white dress as another darker-skinned child looks at it.
white on all in A the talking is people the man dressed to dirt seated floor.	A man dressed in all white is talking to the people seated on the dirt floor.
a white with down. Bride looking veil	Bride with a white veil looking down.
Four blue on a blanket. puppies sleeping	Four puppies sleeping on a blue blanket.
over doing his bike leap a a person with hill A	A person doing a leap with his bike over a hill
girl a hair skull curly and bones with A with white picture shirt it. on a young with	A young girl with curly hair with a white shirt with a skull and bones picture on it.
of pink intertube green while a flips out A boy the the in tube boy watches.	A boy flips out of the pink intertube while a boy in the green tube watches.
of and a a poses woman in fountain. costume devil front wears A	A woman wears a devil costume and poses in front of a fountain.
surfs a A on boy wave.	A boy surfs on a wave.
runs in a striped eight. race, A number bee jacket, greyhound	A greyhound runs in a race, bee striped jacket, number eight.
small dog standing A a behind is camera.	A small dog is standing behind a camera.
with on carpet on rolling a A brown back its dog nearby. green is toys several	A brown dog is rolling on its back on a carpet with several green toys nearby.
on Two a on park day people sitting sunny a bench	Two people sitting on a park bench on a sunny day
nose. A bites human's cat a	A cat bites a human's nose.
wave children Two to each on other. surfboards	Two children on surfboards wave to each other.
at park. girls amusement ride a Two an enjoy	Two girls enjoy a ride at an amusement park.
its in water A dog brown the mouth. with something treads	A brown dog treads the water with something in its mouth.
jet waves. watching A surfer is a the ride man a on ski	A man on a jet ski is watching a surfer ride the waves.
the is on running black sand dog large the near The beach.	The large black dog is running on the sand near the beach.
terrain rocky dog on A	A dog on rocky terrain
a on Harly tennis sitting New Davison in motorcycle toy A court. a on York shirt boy Mets a	A boy in a New York Mets shirt sitting on a toy Harly Davison motorcycle on a tennis court.
man to wearing blue take A and girl poses kneeling red clothing a for picture. her	A girl wearing red and blue clothing poses for a man kneeling to take her picture.
a water fountain. through boy running is young A	A young boy is running through a water fountain.
the A car exhaust. with flames sports coming out	A sports car with flames coming out the exhaust.
people on the woods. a through stand path Three	Three people stand on a path through the woods.
glasses several sports a is brown jacket getting photographers. attention with the hair of man A longish and in	A man in a sports jacket with longish brown hair and glasses is getting the attention of several photographers.
Two in action. soccer male players game	Two male soccer players in game action.
play dog field. A in a woman and a disk a with	A woman and a dog play with a disk in a field.
retriever A a is wooden golden off porch jumping	A golden retriever is jumping off a wooden porch
rope black A a toy. pounces to get dog	A black dog pounces to get a rope toy.
the dogs the stick. Two on surf same holding to in	Two dogs in the surf holding on to the same stick.
glass a in people Three structure.	Three people in a glass structure.
A gray egret flight. takes	A gray egret takes flight.
the A swimming towards in water camera. dog	A dog swimming in water towards the camera.
on couch. is bouncing the boy red The	The boy is bouncing on the red couch.
cup. plastic girl carrying is very a wearing Asian dress An colorful a	An Asian girl wearing a very colorful dress is carrying a plastic cup.
a blanket on playing in girl park. with A little her father the piggyback	A little girl playing piggyback with her father on a blanket in the park.
through joy. his sprinkler jumps and takes The the with boy turn	The boy takes his turn through the sprinkler and jumps with joy.
holding A chubby in shorts on or is buff kid to weights.	A chubby or buff kid in shorts is holding on to weights.
large about watching football a to large group group of players with game start a a	a large group of football players about to start a game with a large group watching
trike the park. his the seat child of The in on stand	The child stand on the seat of his trike in the park.
a dog over. A bending and woman	A dog and a woman bending over.
in a engaged players game. Three are hockey	Three hockey players are engaged in a game.
in boy small padded bench. hat a on A asleep a	A small boy in a hat asleep on a padded bench.
Two large attempt other dogs bite playfully. each to	Two large dogs attempt to bite each other playfully.
and young stand the and something, ladies at share to the some children in looking side. Adults	Adults and children share in the looking at something, and some young ladies stand to the side.
on group A the a railroad side walking track. of of people	A group of people walking on the side of a railroad track.
little with on tracks walking boy stick	little boy walking with stick on tracks
the looking tickets Eldery at on street. couple wearing hats	Eldery couple wearing hats looking at tickets on the street.
A a little a kiddie in climbing wall. girl hat	A little girl in a hat climbing a kiddie wall.
her blowing A hair is everywhere. standing outdoors with girl	A girl is standing outdoors with her hair blowing everywhere.
person in a pink A poses with a woman costume. blond	A blond woman poses with a person in a pink costume.
with shorts green fist the young his boy a in air in	a young boy in green shorts with his fist in the air
beach. A at lounging a group are of people	A group of people are lounging at a beach.
an event. girls wearing are fancy teenage Two at dresses	Two teenage girls are wearing fancy dresses at an event.
sleeves people, Two wearing and helmets, bikes ride long downhill.	Two people, wearing long sleeves and helmets, ride bikes downhill.
chair. baby high in A a	A baby in a high chair.
are Three sitting the grass. little in children	Three little children are sitting in the grass.
the at The train to close man station. stands train busy the	The man stands close to the train at the busy train station.
to as she look child turns a walks down path. A small sandy	A small child turns to look as she walks down a sandy path.
dogs grass. long wrestle and Two the black brown in	Two brown and black dogs wrestle in the long grass.
longhaired a and a pushing woman A cross-walk green is signal standing button. in coat	A longhaired woman in a green coat is standing and pushing a cross-walk signal button.
mouth. dog in with snow something walking across its dark-colored A	A dark-colored dog walking across snow with something in its mouth.
the rock off into the water. jumping are swimmers Two tall	Two swimmers are jumping off the tall rock into the water.
rope pink over and shoes girl jumps A wearing smiles. a	A girl wearing pink shoes jumps over a rope and smiles.
dog caught trainer. a Police has	Police dog has caught a trainer.
lap shorts shorts top in and a sitting on jean with man subway. a white on a shirt with A ponytail a black tank dressed the camo of a and woman	A woman with a ponytail dressed in jean shorts and a black tank top sitting on the lap of a man with camo shorts and a white shirt on a subway.
the lone white a a a air surfboard on flying wave through over surfboarder	a lone surfboarder on a white surfboard flying through the air over a wave
older man the bodyboarder lone in background an a with	a lone bodyboarder with an older man in the background
sitting dirt outside in of ground. the on group people a the	a group of people sitting outside in the dirt on the ground.
man A is climbing rope. a a with in red red waterfall	A man in red is climbing a waterfall with a red rope.
something distance into a brown black the off and dog staring at	a black and brown dog staring off into the distance at something
dogs fighting Two in the snow.	Two dogs fighting in the snow.
the of men Two boat. climb a side	Two men climb the side of a boat.
one kids ball streets a with on standing the playing around several	several kids standing around on the streets one playing with a ball
metal boys Three a inspecting furniture piece outdoor of	Three boys inspecting a piece of metal outdoor furniture
playing hockey player during Hockey a game.	Hockey player playing hockey during a game.
runs in its a mouth. yard ball with deflated a dog in A	A dog runs in a yard with a deflated ball in its mouth.
horses two is A kneeling between person	A person is kneeling between two horses
child on snow. the in A blue and coat hat small skis a	A small child in a blue hat and coat skis on the snow.
grassy and down a girl in a green dusty path a a in pink park. jacket running is dress	a girl in a green dress and pink jacket is running down a dusty path in a grassy park.
each take in of New other people York. while young photos Some	Some young people take photos of each other while in New York.
men the Two front points toward index one in finger. camera, the look while his	Two men look toward the camera, while the one in front points his index finger.
water. sky sunset A over rippling	A sunset sky over rippling water.
the on spider-patterned A wearing a young shirt boy sand.	A young boy wearing a spider-patterned shirt on the sand.
covered drink a while to stops mountain. a A take climbing climber snow	A climber stops to take a drink while climbing a snow covered mountain.
an A jumping over obstacle hurdle. dog	A dog jumping over an obstacle hurdle.
path rocky patches hikers ascend a mountain-climbing through Two of snow.	Two mountain-climbing hikers ascend a rocky path through patches of snow.
black dog try The each wrestle from away the dogs other. to	The black dogs try to wrestle the dog away from each other.
woman blowing A a on dandelion.	A woman blowing on a dandelion.
in dog running the surf. A	A dog running in the surf.
a ball. dog anticipates yellow A	A yellow dog anticipates a ball.
Skiiers on snow cappedhills	Skiiers on snow cappedhills
rocky after dog A brown running a dog is on a shore. black	A brown dog is running after a black dog on a rocky shore.
gear. swim sits wearing Kid	Kid sits wearing swim gear.
a women Three flag. dance before	Three women dance before a flag.
with palying a kids in cat toy a garden. Three	Three kids palying with a toy cat in a garden.
in Little swing. on pink coat a girl	Little girl in pink coat on a swing.
the through running forest. dog black A	A black dog running through the forest.
coffee A sips woman a book. young a reads and	A young woman sips a coffee and reads a book.
hill. Children down snowy a sledding are	Children are sledding down a snowy hill.
person fire. on A	A person on fire.
with man grab as running A his tries a to opponent ball him.	A man running with a ball as his opponent tries to grab him.
the water. are dogs through running Three	Three dogs are running through the water.
midst fountains Children in of running through the of crowd. water	Children running through fountains of water in the midst of crowd.
pig Several a children watches. while pet crowd a	Several children pet a pig while a crowd watches.
Giant a garner tries approach tickets. creative to Desperate fan	Desperate Giant fan tries a creative approach to garner tickets.
toward ball. over attached dog grass chases still the a with leash a tennis A red	A dog with a red leash still attached chases over the grass toward a tennis ball.
by are poles the outside flag glass standing a People building.	People are standing by the flag poles outside a glass building.
is dog attached the grass. is to string chasing toy a a that The across white	The white dog is chasing a toy that is attached to a string across the grass.
woman through white metal is zigzag to a poles. The dog training	The woman is training a white dog to zigzag through metal poles.
large her lady shadow, A in pants and black climb rocks.	A lady in black pants and her shadow, climb large rocks.
sidewalk on a a as men watches crowd are performing Two	Two men are performing on a sidewalk as a crowd watches
man fishing in water. knee-high is A of waves	A man is fishing in knee-high waves of water.
power A swimming by pool. man washes steps large a	A man power washes steps by a large swimming pool.
complete with photo mountainous sky. blue A a is	A mountainous photo is complete with a blue sky.
smile children bench. and a laugh Five on	Five children laugh and smile on a bench.
a field. are dogs brown Two playing in	Two brown dogs are playing in a field.
red climb is ready the piece toddler equipment. The to of	The toddler is ready to climb the red piece of equipment.
under footballer yellow payer white. pressure in catches American the in The the from whilst ball	The American footballer in yellow catches the ball whilst under pressure from the payer in white.
blue A a in in denim stands, young girl shirt woman a dress. young a holding	A young woman in a blue shirt stands, holding a young girl in a denim dress.
walking A wearing and snow. a a sweater backpack green on dog	A dog wearing a green sweater and a backpack walking on snow.
is A dressed woman playing with in green dog. her tan	A woman dressed in green is playing with her tan dog.
are one's German object mouth. dogs shepherd with Two in an running	Two German shepherd dogs are running with an object in one's mouth.
a retrieve Two in swimming toy. dogs a lake grey to white	Two grey dogs swimming in a lake to retrieve a white toy.
toy boys and tee another and smiling. is holding a are one is all Three camera holding shirts green young wearing a	Three young boys one is holding a camera and another is holding a green toy all are wearing tee shirts and smiling.
on witches. and Two are hay in play children pumpkins of sitting front	Two children are sitting on hay in front of pumpkins and play witches.
men are gathered. seven The	The seven men are gathered.
cut-out A clown children. of shares pictures	A clown shares cut-out pictures of children.
face in person A a desert. standing covered, with their	A person with their face covered, standing in a desert.
the with are young out their Two street. on men both stretched one arms standing leg on	Two young men are both standing on one leg with their arms stretched out on the street.
Two with each a playing children ball. and other young	Two young children playing with each other and a ball.
by glove bitten is with quilted a A man dog. a	A man with a quilted glove is bitten by a dog.
a to each woman A kiss and man other. about	A man and a woman about to kiss each other.
floor the dog. a An orange to next on	An orange on the floor next to a dog.
over pulls Boy back. boy other	Boy pulls other boy over back.
on rocks a near smooth person A is bed. sitting stream	A person is sitting near smooth rocks on a stream bed.
wall bicycle by a a tandem painting. Two women riding go	Two women riding a tandem bicycle go by a wall painting.
city crowd street. a are down of A walking people	A crowd of people are walking down a city street.
yellow jumping. wearing Boy jacket	Boy wearing yellow jacket jumping.
is covered A and face ice. with rock snow	A rock face is covered with snow and ice.
Asian man, area. orange robes urban wearing Older in	Older Asian man, wearing orange robes in urban area.
are Women outside.	Women are outside.
reaches While woman a young watch, girl for into as others a jumps pool a her.	While others watch, a young girl jumps into a pool as a woman reaches for her.
A doing in red little a handstand. boy	A little boy in red doing a handstand.
a baby. holds girl while a a at birthday A looks man cake little	A little girl looks at a birthday cake while a man holds a baby.
with A the a swimming black ocean. stick in dog	A black dog with a stick swimming in the ocean.
all child over its with mouth. small berries A	A small child with berries all over its mouth.
from a kayak. as of a View seen mountain	View of a mountain as seen from a kayak.
stunt leaps the into beside the sun. biker air A setting	A stunt biker leaps into the air beside the setting sun.
in dog the A an orange snow. catching ball,	A dog catching an orange ball, in the snow.
the water. Two on in jumping rock into midair over males water, a one	Two males on a rock over water, one in midair jumping into the water.
gate. greyhounds the racing have starting The broken from	The racing greyhounds have broken from the starting gate.
and holds arm A child up its laughs.	A child holds its arm up and laughs.
another at elderly man man's hand. An looking is holding and	An elderly man is holding and looking at another man's hand.
in a sit village. Three women	Three women sit in a village.
player a wears it. " number with A football on 4 jersey green " the	A football player wears a green jersey with the number " 4 " on it.
wearing front is of There a funny man, hat, a in standing a bank.	There is a man, wearing a funny hat, standing in front of a bank.
in reflective shallow, in shorts, down water. Boy face	Boy in shorts, face down in shallow, reflective water.
boy A over a rail. his grinds teenage skateboard red	A teenage boy grinds his skateboard over a red rail.
while smiles swims. A he boy	A boy smiles while he swims.
dirt in a run together on a Two path of and the play middle field. dogs narrow	Two dogs run and play together on a narrow dirt path in the middle of a field.
different on field. Two teams are on playing a soccer women young	Two young women on different teams are playing soccer on a field.
the walks daylight. in snow through A dog the	A dog walks through the snow in the daylight.
young outside. are Two walking kids	Two young kids are walking outside.
case a looks suit in as woman a points wearing on. bathing A another	A woman wearing a bathing suit points in a case as another looks on.
dog Frisbee. a A catching	A dog catching a Frisbee.
a riding in Spider-Man girl a A toy costume horse	A girl riding a toy horse in a Spider-Man costume
main of a Many museum. people at in art the look lobby	Many people look at art in the main lobby of a museum.
and snowsuit child a small A skis. in	A small child in a snowsuit and skis.
a a A red playing tug black war. and woman dog of in shirt	A black dog and a woman in a red shirt playing tug of war.
pool. a and lady daughter A swimming her jump in	A lady and her daughter jump in a swimming pool.
at holding glasses A while the man looks him. camera baby hugs a	A baby holding glasses looks at the camera while a man hugs him.
swims a child woman. A with	A child swims with a woman.
climbing in a Man headband red rock	Man in red headband climbing a rock
man on a beach. is bearded bicycle riding the A	A bearded man is riding a bicycle on the beach.
to A sky. a blue baby street crawls a next against	A baby crawls next to a street against a blue sky.
young women up wooden wall. are a against leaning Two	Two young women are leaning up against a wooden wall.
runs outside. A dog	A dog runs outside.
A dog in the yellow snow.	A yellow dog in the snow.
child jumping is at dusk. The	The child is jumping at dusk.
is little coat on a checked in a girl tiger. a woman sitting of A taking fake photograph a	A woman in a checked coat is taking a photograph of a little girl sitting on a fake tiger.
brown in man a a is hat black wearing street. a a scarf city and	a man is wearing a black hat and a brown scarf in a city street.
skis on Little girl	Little girl on skis
coaster. screams roller A young boy a on	A young boy screams on a roller coaster.
teeth man showing. in A leather jacket with his a grins	A man in a leather jacket grins with his teeth showing.
wave a on a surfboarder jumping a lone surfboard. white	a lone surfboarder jumping a wave on a white surfboard.
jumping boy little A shorts yellow the couch. in a and on shirt green	A little boy in a yellow shirt and green shorts jumping on the couch.
sunglasses on and a bright A pink trampoline. lady is small sitting wearing young	A young lady is wearing bright pink sunglasses and sitting on a small trampoline.
through obstacle A runs dog an course.	A dog runs through an obstacle course.
Young are girls dance. practicing	Young girls are practicing dance.
outside in of for front A picture door. boy an and little pose man, a woman	A man, woman and little boy pose for a picture in front of an outside door.
for seats the wait the patiently in to begin. show People	People wait patiently in the seats for the show to begin.
plays a child A wearing. in outfit watch young is blue a with he	A young child in a blue outfit plays with a watch he is wearing.
Two indoors. hold a them between girls girl younger older	Two older girls hold a younger girl between them indoors.
playground on to toy a rides boy pointing a a small slide. A while	A small boy rides a on a playground toy while pointing to a slide.
mouth its A green black a tan over field and runs open. with dog	A tan and black dog runs over a green field with its mouth open.
man surfing wave. a A	A man surfing a wave.
climber A to the on pink face is standing the rock next rope.	A climber is standing on the rock face next to the pink rope.
audience. to and A group sing work performers the entertain of	A group of performers sing and work to entertain the audience.
in man sunglasses Bald	Bald man in sunglasses
a on the wearing on girl slides red snowsuit back A her ice.	A girl wearing a red snowsuit slides on her back on the ice.
air. A child throws the gown the in in a cap graduation	A child in a graduation gown throws the cap in the air.
a jumps another midget over midget.	a midget jumps over another midget.
and side pitbull a side. Two black dogs, run a Labrador, by	Two dogs, a pitbull and a black Labrador, run side by side.
a product The is purchasing woman	The woman is purchasing a product
is a of and stands man The camouflage. another man red in front wearing outfit red mask in urban	The man is wearing a red outfit and red mask stands in front of another man in urban camouflage.
swing person A swinging on a	A person swinging on a swing
to two young women back camera child Oriental man, and with camera. facing and	Oriental man, and two women facing camera and young child with back to camera.
his across a A covered brown ice stick mouth in an is dog carrying pond.	A brown dog is carrying a stick in his mouth across an ice covered pond.
black Three on dogs playing the beach.	Three black dogs playing on the beach.
dress foot. her bridesmaid wearing on the shoe red putting a bride's is A	A bridesmaid wearing a red dress is putting the bride's shoe on her foot.
hills is over A person bicycle jumping with dirt a	A person is jumping with a bicycle over dirt hills
he inflatable as child an A gym. in plays smiles	A child smiles as he plays in an inflatable gym.
to try rope bull. Men the in rodeo in a horses on	Men on horses in the rodeo try to rope in a bull.
purple wearing The is a cape. dog	The dog is wearing a purple cape.
pushing another is a boy on swing. boy One	One boy is pushing another boy on a swing.
fireplace of poses and Christmas tree. family in front A the	A family poses in front of the fireplace and Christmas tree.
harness. red The with are together dogs a joined	The dogs are joined together with a red harness.
wooden dress in cabin. into pink little girl A a going a	A little girl in a pink dress going into a wooden cabin.
Football uniforms together other. hugging and are huddled players orange each and in blue	Football players in blue and orange uniforms are huddled together and hugging each other.
boat. on large A man fish holds a a	A man holds a large fish on a boat.
A water. bird at its has white on beak in it something the lands	A white bird has something in its beak at it lands on the water.
white filled A black pool dog a tennis with and balls. jumps in	A black and white dog jumps in a pool filled with tennis balls.
of with a its nose. dog chest closeup a white licking A	A closeup of a dog with a white chest licking its nose.
tries with snow. dog in The to a basketball play the	The dog tries to play with a basketball in the snow.
audience. Women state in in an line festive of dresses on front up	Women line up on state in festive dresses in front of an audience.
Three are playing. dogs	Three dogs are playing.
high boy air. bike on a A the in a doing stunt is	A boy on a bike is doing a stunt high in the air.
picture. goofy bride and other look A in each groom a at	A bride and groom look at each other in a goofy picture.
a running on track. greyhound A	A greyhound running on a track.
with ears straight white and puppy is up A running. black	A black and white puppy with ears straight up is running.
white and through field. brown A black, a dog running	A black, brown and white dog running through a field.
wearing hopping. with vest eight it the on striped black and number a A kangaroo is yellow	A kangaroo wearing a yellow and black striped vest with the number eight on it is hopping.
red riding sledge A hill. snowy is a a down boy	A boy is riding a red sledge down a snowy hill.
a man shirtless walks A yellow toward kayak.	A shirtless man walks toward a yellow kayak.
a playground. for a poses of picture young in boy front A	A young boy poses for a picture in front of a playground.
couple stand display looking Interracial on at street a together	Interracial couple stand together looking at a display on street
harness is in attached to hat and a a little swinging ropes. girl in jacket yellow pink A	A little girl in a pink jacket and hat is swinging in a harness attached to yellow ropes.
shirts, outdoors. people, blue Five dark give wearing presentation a	Five people, wearing dark blue shirts, give a presentation outdoors.
races Collie pole. dog a around	Collie dog races around a pole.
open, dog in A the is jumping snow air covered field. through an	A dog is jumping through the air in an open, snow covered field.
in plays A the snow. dog	A dog plays in the snow.
a hummingbird. Close-up of	Close-up of a hummingbird.
phone. on dreadlocks girl the talking is with read A	A girl with read dreadlocks is talking on the phone.
two poodles fighting. black	two black poodles fighting.
at on corner stands a with street looking A small a sign. a man child	A man stands on a street corner with a small child looking at a sign.
looks climbing Boy on away. blue wall adult a rock while an	Boy rock climbing on a blue wall while an adult looks away.
is man A next a saxophone a hydrant. playing to fire	A man is playing a saxophone next to a fire hydrant.
watching Some pool. children a fish in	Some children watching fish in a pool.
a are pond dominance for lizards fighting Two small in oriental	Two oriental lizards are fighting for dominance in a small pond
a carpet toys. on ball little the is kicking by blue boy surrounded A	A little boy is kicking a blue ball on the carpet surrounded by toys.
on with and headscarf dress holding red green and carton sitting concrete Woman steps. cigarette	Woman with red headscarf and green dress holding cigarette carton and sitting on concrete steps.
boy in a a blue near backpack. a camera man is wearing holding to shirt The a	The man in a blue shirt is holding a camera near to a boy wearing a backpack.
over jumping hurdles. A dog	A dog jumping over hurdles.
colorful a on with tan small dog carpet. and toy brown burbur caterpillar a A black plays	A small brown and black dog plays with a colorful caterpillar toy on a tan burbur carpet.
LaFayette the A softball about to ball. girl throw the number uniform one wearing is	A girl wearing the number one LaFayette softball uniform is about to throw the ball.
their to learning shoot Military how personnel rifles.	Military personnel learning how to shoot their rifles.
doing a rider A motorcycle wheelie.	A motorcycle rider doing a wheelie.
along running Two children a beach. sandy young	Two young children running along a sandy beach.
up together. People the travel elevator	People travel up the elevator together.
ball, player tackles the as a a player third Football who player has watches.	Football player tackles a player who has the ball, as a third player watches.
a and parachute man in skis midair A wearing	A man wearing skis and a parachute in midair
outside. People a near sit fire	People sit near a fire outside.
car behind bike a pink a wearing sweater a with woman rides her. A	A woman wearing a pink sweater rides a bike with a car behind her.
through runs yellow green dog grass. A	A yellow dog runs through green grass.
A the a grass. jumps dog over in hurdle	A dog jumps over a hurdle in the grass.
is in small A boat man rowing called a Neptuno	A man is rowing in a small boat called Neptuno
leans A pole. against bench wood man and sits blue a a on	A man sits on a blue bench and leans against a wood pole.
in a on sitting a while man bleachers front guitar lake. A of plays	A man plays a guitar while sitting on bleachers in front of a lake.
boys Two on field. the teams football compete '	Two boys ' football teams compete on the field.
young beach and A walk a child along man shore. the	A man and a young child walk along the beach shore.
with a a down and bench. on A laying sitting a bench on man a woman a another to stroller leaning help in over child park	A woman leaning over to help a child in a stroller with a man laying down on a park bench and another sitting on a bench.
man dramatically. suit wrestler's Santa a poses mask wearing A and	A man wearing a Santa suit and wrestler's mask poses dramatically.
on woman in A wall. concrete attire a is semi-formal sitting	A woman in semi-formal attire is sitting on a concrete wall.
shoes red of red in and posing white Man by in and front rocks water. shorts print	Man in red shoes and red and white print shorts posing in front of rocks by water.
dogs Two the through snow. walk	Two dogs walk through the snow.
desk. a children at Six sitting small	Six small children sitting at a desk.
and wear pipe Two makeup. men wear stove silly hats	Two men wear silly stove pipe hats and wear makeup.
near shallow rocks. large over A some water boy is jumping	A boy is jumping over shallow water near some large rocks.
person a hill. coat down red wearing a A snowy snowboards	A person wearing a red coat snowboards down a snowy hill.
light of a with holding front in tree paper Christmas boy floor. the wrapping a saber littering Young	Young boy holding a light saber in front of a Christmas tree with wrapping paper littering the floor.
jacket a taxi tan a in by. a a city is on passes in girl jacket street a as kissing a man yellow pink	a man in a tan jacket is kissing a girl in a pink jacket on a city street as a yellow taxi passes by.
a outside. for on family a staircase sits A picture	A family sits for a picture on a staircase outside.
holds racer his trophy. up a	a racer holds up his trophy.
A is boy in kicking feet his water. the little up	A little boy is kicking up his feet in the water.
woman purple her a with left on back in her and walking brown her bag A on right hand a a one shoulder. baby	A woman walking with a baby on her back a purple bag in her right hand and a brown one on her left shoulder.
through red a a fire. leaping car of ball is	a red car is leaping through a ball of fire.
a race wearing through red vest woman a A the runs rain.	A woman wearing a red vest runs a race through the rain.
in over the dog a grass. A hurdle jumps	A dog jumps over a hurdle in the grass.
at at diners visible shopping mall. behind food shimp court breaded is him, man a Asian in counter a with a preparing	Asian man is preparing breaded shimp with diners visible at a counter behind him, at a food court in a shopping mall.
puppies tan stone walking on a small path two	two small tan puppies walking on a stone path
baby A a a holding up face woman and making funny	A woman holding a baby up and making a funny face
and A baby in swimming girl a boy are underwater young pool.	A young girl and baby boy are swimming underwater in a pool.
next on a A sits holding in another inflatable tiger outfit. colorful bench to an girl girl a	A girl sits on a bench holding an inflatable tiger next to another girl in a colorful outfit.
The wearing little girl water. the is a device floating in	The little girl is wearing a floating device in the water.
hill on is the area. outside of a parked off-road A vehicles line wooded	A line of off-road vehicles is parked on the hill outside a wooded area.
dog the The brown though running brush-land. and is white	The brown and white dog is running though the brush-land.
dogs playing the around Two rolling grass. in with and each are other	Two dogs are playing and rolling around with each other in the grass.
a is handrail. in Rollerblader red shirt on skating	Rollerblader in red shirt is skating on a handrail.
person young in dogs. playing black snow with the a two	a young person playing in the snow with two black dogs.
is dog in a causing wave the water. somehow the	the dog is somehow causing a wave in the water.
The skier the snow. high jumping is above	The skier is jumping high above the snow.
running toy with dog a its in mouth in grass the small	small dog running in the grass with a toy in its mouth
if boy the railway A air in with a some along skateboard jumping tracks.	A boy with a skateboard if jumping in the air along some railway tracks.
a grassy boy young field. and in playing girl baseball A	A young boy and girl playing baseball in a grassy field.
glasses drink. and Two a suits with in men white	Two men in white suits and glasses with a drink.
purple on water kids a go slide Two innertube. down a	Two kids go down a purple water slide on a innertube.
children water. the play many in	many children play in the water.
through A brown dog wave water as comes. the runs a	A brown dog runs through the water as a wave comes.
a doorway. other and A girl hug each boy near	A girl and boy hug each other near a doorway.
Two and smiling playing. boys naked	Two naked boys smiling and playing.
white toy. yellow about to catch A dog is dog a	A white dog is about to catch a yellow dog toy.
child in a a soccer A grey kicking ball. coat	A child in a grey coat kicking a soccer ball.
grassy plays field. A on boy ball a	A boy plays ball on a grassy field.
Several ladies together. talking	Several ladies talking together.
back. their A person in is hair the water and throwing	A person is in the water and throwing their hair back.
wooden structure jumps a snowboarder A over	A snowboarder jumps over a wooden structure
sitting boy beach. wall to on the a a a wearing spiderman young shirt next	a young boy wearing a spiderman shirt sitting on a wall next to the beach.
and a up child sign A with holding a skull crossbones.	A child holding up a sign with a skull and crossbones.
There car bull middle small the field. with a a red standing beside in a it is of black	There is a small red car with a black bull standing beside it in the middle of a field.
little girls a dresses Two and next snake. to wear bonnets	Two little girls wear dresses and bonnets next to a snake.
swimming children smiling pool. Two a in	Two smiling children in a swimming pool.
in while white runs A man two follow. officers	A man in white runs while two officers follow.
a wearing smiles. player tennis his blue raises A and hands shirt	A tennis player wearing a blue shirt raises his hands and smiles.
are downriver. looking The couple	The couple are looking downriver.
stands looks woman uniform down. a A and blue wearing	A woman wearing a blue uniform stands and looks down.
a playing bag. puppies plastic Two with	Two puppies playing with a plastic bag.
Shepherd in is body water. German The of walking the	The German Shepherd is walking in the body of water.
sliding tunnel a The green down slide. child is	The child is sliding down a green tunnel slide.
near a wall the street. A skates skateboarder on white	A skateboarder skates on a white wall near the street.
A red a black jumping. harness dog in	A black dog in a red harness jumping.
purple in child red A is gear sled. on winter a	A child in purple winter gear is on a red sled.
guy A a hill. down snowboarding	A guy snowboarding down a hill.
white a a but in trying men uniform him. are black to make two block is wearing trying to A man shot the	A man wearing a white uniform is trying to make a shot but the two men in black are trying to block him.
and in the on boat a sunset sitting with a man the flag A background.	A man sitting on a boat with a flag and the sunset in the background.
little the railing on A looks the boy water. the into dock over blue	A little boy looks over the railing on the dock into the blue water.
Gras for camera. very outfits colorful dressed the pose Mardis suggestively People in	People dressed in colorful Mardis Gras outfits pose very suggestively for the camera.
Five into women are camera. holding the smiling drinks	Five women holding drinks are smiling into the camera.
and ball blue wearing a a shirt, dog jumps by man blue dark jeans, at striped A blue black jacket. held a a	A black dog jumps at a ball held by a man wearing blue jeans, a blue striped shirt, and a dark blue jacket.
in doing the boy a air. is trick skateboarding A	A boy is doing a skateboarding trick in the air.
on a of people very wave. large surf group A	A group of people surf on a very large wave.
orange on dog ball. an brown A chews	A brown dog chews on an orange ball.
watch injured carrying Group behind fence. as from spectators man	Group carrying injured man as spectators watch from behind fence.
grass. dog tall lean playing A in	A lean dog playing in tall grass.
sit streets crowd A across dirty of walk an people	A crowd of people sit an walk across dirty streets
tennis the female player A ball. for swings	A female tennis player swings for the ball.
only him. shorts wearing man the water shoes A is below rocks who with and standing is on	A man who is wearing only shorts and shoes is standing on rocks with the water below him.
a front each next fence. other, two woman wood and in of stand A man	A man and woman stand next two each other, in front of a wood fence.
catch the brown dog ball. a jumping into A air to	A brown dog jumping into the air to catch a ball.
of old picture wedding.	old picture of wedding.
near Two fall. on run in the manicured grey the a dogs water lawn	Two grey dogs run near the water on a manicured lawn in the fall.
through gentle A man kayak child and waters.	A man and child kayak through gentle waters.
area. a wooded tree in jumps over Large trunk a brown low dog	Large brown dog jumps over a low tree trunk in a wooded area.
the standing Two in dogs field.	Two dogs standing in the field.
blue in the barefoot on shorts walking Woman beach	Woman in blue shorts walking barefoot on the beach
wrestle. dogs three playfully	three dogs playfully wrestle.
purple in playing man guitar dressed a	a man dressed in purple playing guitar
of surfers A wetsuits wave. trying a to in catch are group	A group of surfers in wetsuits are trying to catch a wave.
A to group men their to look signal while arms they of the lift left.	A group of men lift their arms to signal while they look to the left.
red The gymnast jumping. wearing is outfit a and	The gymnast is wearing a red outfit and jumping.
midair in snowboarder A	A snowboarder in midair
the with in grass dogs playing each small other two	two small dogs playing with each other in the grass
Children tricycles pavement. riding on the	Children riding tricycles on the pavement.
A on tricks motorcycle. a guy doing	A guy doing tricks on a motorcycle.
on father's couple infant an away walking the A shoulders. is while sleeps	A couple is walking away while an infant sleeps on the father's shoulders.
and drink overweight man carrying yawning. Bearded	Bearded overweight man carrying drink and yawning.
tall A a bicyclist trick a tree. on performing is	A bicyclist is performing a trick on a tall tree.
a bowl. wooden shirt in next a A to man checked large stands	A man in a checked shirt stands next to a large wooden bowl.
each to and ball daughter The a in air are batting the mother other the at water park.	The mother and daughter are batting a ball in the air to each other at the water park.
by a splashed that recently waves. rock heavy been has are Birds fleeing	Birds are fleeing a rock that has recently been splashed by heavy waves.
dog brown A running outside. is	A brown dog is running outside.
in dog toy in A grass its a mouth. carrying	A dog in grass carrying a toy in its mouth.
jack. car A person a with a underneath	A person underneath a car with a jack.
in play a Two catch with dogs a ball field.	Two dogs play catch with a ball in a field.
the in field, puppy runs dirt grassy A road in a background. a	A puppy runs in a grassy field, a dirt road in the background.
shop two admire little window. a boys	two little boys admire a shop window.
the in a Two snow sled. children with play	Two children play in the snow with a sled.
man black white blue sunglasses a A wearing undershirt. with is a and shirt	A black man is wearing sunglasses and a blue shirt with a white undershirt.
rides of A skateboard bench. person off a a wooden	A person rides a skateboard off of a wooden bench.
young sandals. holding smiling A and boy	A young boy smiling and holding sandals.
bash in derby into Two other. a women each roller	Two women in a roller derby bash into each other.
plays A in a purple a hair waiting with in while dress her woman lobby.	A woman in a purple dress plays with her hair while waiting in a lobby.
Two the play together. snow dogs in	Two dogs play in the snow together.
boy is to bullseye firing barrel. hay attached a a gun at A a	A boy is firing a gun at a bullseye attached to a hay barrel.
small is A child on toboggan. a riding	A small child is riding on a toboggan.
trying get on to man sits a the A a grass fish. of hole	A man sits on the grass trying to get a hole of a fish.
the wrestle wet dogs brown running and white Two sand. across while	Two brown and white dogs wrestle while running across the wet sand.
back vehicle. People ride the of a on	People ride on the back of a vehicle.
gliding. are people hang Two	Two people are hang gliding.
a working restaurant. at chef is The	The chef is working at a restaurant.
runs grass dog A through the the sun. in	A dog runs through the grass in the sun.
shooting white ear a pistol target. is defenders wearing man a a at	a man wearing ear defenders is shooting a pistol at a white target.
woman holding food A advertising signs	A woman holding signs advertising food
sliding down small girl slide. red A a headfirst shiny	A small girl sliding headfirst down a shiny red slide.
and a falling wet-suit yellow A off black is breaking in a wave. surfer	A surfer in a yellow and black wet-suit is falling off a breaking wave.
out view of up the Two camera. at person look a dogs of	Two dogs look up at a person out of view of the camera.
and sitting camp a on laughing. woman man and A chairs	A man and a woman sitting on camp chairs and laughing.
the A woods. in truck muddy	A muddy truck in the woods.
A bike a dirt rider on forest. races a through	A rider on a dirt bike races through a forest.
in brightly woman set. stage A sit lit man and a	A man and woman sit in a brightly lit stage set.
and dog white water a running brown A towards toy. through	A brown and white dog running through water towards a toy.
grass. rolling in dog A around the	A dog rolling around in the grass.
steps sidewalk. A onto man a	A man steps onto a sidewalk.
a Two kids tree. in green	Two kids in a green tree.
by band. their a shoulders in on carrying Men followed something blue	Men in blue carrying something on their shoulders followed by a band.
a over shorts jumping boy water big fountain. plaid wearing a	a boy wearing plaid shorts jumping over a big water fountain.
woman background. a black A in in headband three red a running the other on people with street with	A woman in red with a black headband running on a street with three other people in the background.
are boys group street. girls a seven and Asian to cross waiting A of	A group of seven Asian girls and boys are waiting to cross a street.
his girl The on shoulders. small a man carries	The man carries a small girl on his shoulders.
sky something turns to in offstage, face dog on White background. mountainside	White dog on mountainside turns to face something offstage, sky in background.
playing is beach two a A standing on dogs. with man	A man standing on a beach is playing with two dogs.
leaps young A to chair. boy from chair	A young boy leaps from chair to chair.
A happily camera. her woman stands dressed nicely with	A woman dressed nicely stands happily with her camera.
cream girl sitting eating ice little down	little girl sitting down eating ice cream
Boy on sliding a plastic wet surface	Boy sliding on a wet plastic surface
boy bike A jumping. on a	A boy on a bike jumping.
object are three with black its brown through one yellow dogs water, swimming mouth. a murky some in	three black dogs are swimming through some murky brown water, one with a yellow object in its mouth.
posing other in and young close-up. each Two holding women	Two young women posing and holding each other in close-up.
white beak black with and yellow flying. is a bird A	A black and white bird with a yellow beak is flying.
Boy outside jumps house. trampoline on	Boy jumps on trampoline outside house.
obstacle. jumps biker A an	A biker jumps an obstacle.
leaning are Two purple large a young girls in tree. against	Two young girls in purple are leaning against a large tree.
red yellow. person a toward jumps in bike A	A red bike jumps toward a person in yellow.
A pack cigarette. for reaches his into man a	A man reaches into his pack for a cigarette.
a stomach girl swing. playground on is A little her red swinging in on	A little girl in red is swinging on her stomach on a playground swing.
resort up sunbathers. at a White are lounge for lined chairs	White lounge chairs are lined up at a resort for sunbathers.
steep A climbs man on structure. a	A man climbs on a steep structure.
holds ball. The the basketball in white player	The basketball player in white holds the ball.
playing blond electric with red long hair guitar. Man	Man with long blond hair playing red electric guitar.
grey touching person shoes. their A wearing of a the barely picture converse shoes took water	A person wearing grey converse shoes took a picture of the water barely touching their shoes.
white and on street. A red girl a the costume in standing	A girl in a red and white costume standing on the street.
man A for female partner his smile picture. and a	A man and his female partner smile for a picture.
mouth dog in with swims in ball A the its a water.	A dog with a ball in its mouth swims in the water.
grassy hill on dogs Three a	Three dogs on a grassy hill
dogs are walking the group snow. through three of A	A group of three dogs are walking through the snow.
standing the steps is the boy lead down water. to open A mouthed that on	A boy is standing open mouthed on the steps that lead down to the water.
the defending basketball are orange. with against the ball player in players attacking Three white in	Three basketball players in white are defending against the attacking player with the ball in orange.
tube, in camera. boy had Smiling extending toward	Smiling boy in tube, extending had toward camera.
a shirt legs. water boy red splashing wearing on is woman's a A	A boy wearing a red shirt is splashing water on a woman's legs.
man is it. a with raising states the the A t-shirt hand air has on in and united his	A man is raising his hand in the air and has a t-shirt with the united states on it.
a seen behind on busy from , men Two subway,	Two men on a busy subway, seen from behind ,
young the man A soda holding canned water, in splashes a	A young man splashes in the water, holding a canned soda
dog splashes in water. black the a	a black dog splashes in the water.
little grass girl runs the A trees. across toward the	A little girl runs across the grass toward the trees.
on towers A him. above surfs water a person wave as	A person surfs on a wave as water towers above him.
surrounding in sunglasses. crowd woman wearing white A a of people	A crowd of people surrounding a woman in white wearing sunglasses.
blonde with stands who hair. three wearing have black man A woman	A man wearing black stands with three woman who have blonde hair.
and march street. down people signs the Many hold	Many people hold signs and march down the street.
is a a in There save game. making goalie a in air the	There is a goalie in the air making a save in a game.
boy sparkler. a waves A around	A boy waves around a sparkler.
white in and the grass. dog playing Brown	Brown and white dog playing in the grass.
window of People bus. the seen a through	People seen through the window of a bus.
A boy a snow, the sign. in thumbs-up giving sitting	A boy sitting in the snow, giving a thumbs-up sign.
outfit in bike. red balances man a on A a	A man in a red outfit balances on a bike.
blue in A a football with in the sprawls grass. boy	A boy in blue with a football sprawls in the grass.
A bottle snow dog white in Dew in its Mountain a mouth. the carries plastic	A white dog in the snow carries a plastic Mountain Dew bottle in its mouth.
a sea. beside along calm little boardwalk walk and woman, A man, a girl	A man, woman, and little girl walk along a boardwalk beside a calm sea.
in path running a capes white dressed in a field. Two on boys	Two boys dressed in white capes running on a path in a field.
a band wearing trumpet shirt girl in a blue playing young a marching a	a young girl wearing a blue shirt marching in a band playing a trumpet
white black of red large holds A handle a the a dog round and in toy field	A black and white dog holds the handle of a large red round toy in a field
stone a leash over a dog jumps a wall. on	a dog on a leash jumps over a stone wall.
towards in adults setting. look young camera school a the Three	Three young adults look towards the camera in a school setting.
child A wearing getting shoes. of car soccer the out	A child getting out of the car wearing soccer shoes.
in jacket yellow snowboarding. Person	Person in yellow jacket snowboarding.
little little slide. watching ride on boy another blue boy is A a	A little boy is watching another little boy ride on a blue slide.
sveral young down street the man jumping	sveral young man jumping down the street
kids on walking two smiling sand	two smiling kids walking on sand
examining street of another man armor motorbike. tire in A racer's racer is the	A man in street racer armor is examining the tire of another racer's motorbike.
A running snow dog deep pack. through	A dog running through deep snow pack.
the snowboarding. through jumps A man air while	A man jumps through the air while snowboarding.
A man partially a for a man woman a beard, with bald white with posing picture short hair a and	A man with a white beard, a partially bald man and a woman with short hair posing for a picture
a into a lake. swimming off man trunks jumping A in rock	A man in swimming trunks jumping off a rock into a lake.
harness red a scent a with tracks field. a A in dog	A dog with a red harness tracks a scent in a field.
shakes dog itself black A off. wet	A wet black dog shakes itself off.
yellow a the man A in past on sidewalk. a walks shirt tree	A man in a yellow shirt walks past a tree on the sidewalk.
riding surfer the The is wave.	The surfer is riding the wave.
a air. a trick the performs in biker	a biker performs a trick in the air.
a man with woman in a held pink. and a hat, A pink red in by baby	A baby with a pink hat, held by a man in red and a woman in pink.
down a of column A is large bicyclists road. cycling	A large column of bicyclists is cycling down a road.
bouncy jump Children gym. in	Children jump in bouncy gym.
beach. the dog sandy brown down runs A	A brown dog runs down the sandy beach.
playground. jeans and monkey-bars hangs at t-shirt a from in a A child	A child in jeans and a t-shirt hangs from monkey-bars at a playground.
formations. with child small interesting near some shape to a Two are hiking men rock	Two men are hiking with a small child near to some interesting shape rock formations.
a black boy whilst and in looks a looks cow woman blue Indian at An green a sari away.	An Indian boy looks at a black cow whilst a woman in a blue and green sari looks away.
onstage dance Four do men a together.	Four men do a dance onstage together.
on dog beach. A a running	A dog running on a beach.
mountains. man A in cliff the on a sitting	A man sitting on a cliff in the mountains.
a campsite. A flag holds next man snowbound a to	A man holds a flag next to a snowbound campsite.
dog catch a black the jumping and ground off There trying white a ball. to is	There is a white and black dog jumping off the ground trying to catch a ball.
an watches shirt orange a at A holding thrown him. child the bat baseball ball in	A child in an orange shirt holding a baseball bat watches the ball thrown at him.
A playground buried under girl is several balls.	A girl is buried under several playground balls.
young climbing of the a boys on out concrete water sidewalk sveral	sveral young boys climbing out of the water on a concrete sidewalk
climbs wearing a red hill. snowy jacket a person A	A person wearing a red jacket climbs a snowy hill.
river. in dog pond splashing on of the a bank A tan water or	A tan dog splashing in water on the bank of a pond or river.
Two swing. together kids a on tire are swinging	Two kids are swinging together on a tire swing.
on balances inflatable something A boy	A boy balances on something inflatable
a A both they another. looking baby lady at are one and holds	A lady holds a baby and they both are looking at one another.
in man jump. sideways middle racer box on of a a leans A the soap	A man leans sideways on a soap box racer in the middle of a jump.
at growling black each two brown other. and dogs	two brown and black dogs growling at each other.
the black grass. is on dog A standing	A black dog is standing on the grass.
statue, Albert standing with statue's under white picture on a bear A bear the boy of face. Einstein little a	A picture of Albert Einstein on a white bear statue, with a little boy standing under the bear statue's face.
with mouth profile in dog of Close-up open.	Close-up of dog in profile with mouth open.
water. dog black through wading A	A black dog wading through water.
the aisle. down dog runs a cold	a dog runs down the cold aisle.
on walking a woman snow an in with the animal. A vest brown is	A woman in a brown vest is walking on the snow with an animal.
to blue in right. a shirt man his A looking	A man in a blue shirt looking to his right.
girl while in listens jackets to guy device and Guy mobile	Guy and girl in jackets while guy listens to mobile device
standing between banana looking a buckets to A person plants in the right and box.	A person looking to the right standing between plants in buckets and a banana box.
boy an life orange saver shoulder very baby A of wearing at pool the is a edge slide.	A baby boy wearing a shoulder life saver is at the very edge of an orange pool slide.
haired the girl runs little dark A beach. on	A little dark haired girl runs on the beach.
pink the beach umbrella. sitting on woman a lawn under	woman sitting on the beach under a pink lawn umbrella.
laughs. child A in blue dressed	A child dressed in blue laughs.
blue is mouth. red dog bat brown A and in a playing his with	A brown dog is playing with a blue and red bat in his mouth.
to running A track. he ball soccer stands next a boy while a holds	A boy holds a soccer ball while he stands next to a running track.
teal a skirt. smiles while young fluffy A girl wearing	A young girl smiles while wearing a teal fluffy skirt.
on sailing, the it man ocean. A tilting	A man sailing, tilting it on the ocean.
gray through dogs heather. Two of run a pink field	Two gray dogs run through a field of pink heather.
tall makes way through dog it A weeds.	A dog makes it way through tall weeds.
A a goggles small wears near child pool.	A small child wears goggles near a pool.
an to by are approaching about boys Four wave. hit be	Four boys are about to be hit by an approaching wave.
trick flight a a boy doing stairs skateboard of off watch. of A people while	A boy doing a skateboard trick off of a flight of stairs while people watch.
the yellow with on beach. hair smiles boy shirt little and Asian spiky	Asian little boy with spiky hair and yellow shirt smiles on the beach.
the Two for ground dogs search small something.	Two small dogs search the ground for something.
elderly gentleman An dressed. smartly very	An elderly gentleman very smartly dressed.
in lone for the a artifacts. digging scientist rock	a lone scientist digging in the rock for artifacts.
a yellow riding in kayak A through man rapids.	A man in a yellow kayak riding through rapids.
jumps snowball. a to Dog catch	Dog jumps to catch a snowball.
wearing is A gear nearby. a with and leaves black with no buildings biker tree all	A biker is wearing all black gear with buildings and a tree with no leaves nearby.
breeds on Two the white brown of and beach. dogs play different	Two different breeds of brown and white dogs play on the beach.
on a riding beach. A bicycle on man the	A man on a bicycle riding on the beach.
on wet, Two track. sandy dogs a	Two dogs on a wet, sandy track.
holding shorts remote. in a Boy	Boy in shorts holding a remote.
of light. front sings a a into microphone man in green A	A man sings into a microphone in front of a green light.
looks food short a silver a in in at dress girl purse carrying bakery. a A	A girl in a short dress carrying a silver purse looks at food in a bakery.
opposite traffic woman while crosses street A in a direction. the lines up	A woman crosses a street while traffic lines up in the opposite direction.
at midair. dog up black looks ball a in that's A white	A black dog looks up at a white ball that's in midair.
child a coat cap A holding is chunk snow. of a wearing red and large	A child wearing a red coat and cap is holding a large chunk of snow.
a trail. and wooded hands couple A another holding walking woman down are	A couple holding hands and another woman are walking down a wooded trail.
on children hats kneeling with Two pirate down	Two children kneeling down with pirate hats on
playing farm Two children around animals.	Two children playing around farm animals.
to disk is brown A a missed dog flying but trying catch it.	A brown dog is trying to catch a flying disk but missed it.
a the surfing black waves. A in in is man wetsuit	A man in a black wetsuit is surfing in the waves.
dirt run dogs forest. down in path a the Two	Two dogs run down a dirt path in the forest.
book a on the Man black and reads subway. while tie in dressed waiting suit	Man dressed in black suit and tie reads a book while waiting on the subway.
in the woman desert A in a headscarf	A woman in a headscarf in the desert
helmet A some man in rapids. floats Pyranha down a wearing river kayak a	A man wearing a helmet in a Pyranha kayak floats down some river rapids.
is snowy skiing bright mountain. down yellow skier a pants A wearing	A skier wearing bright yellow pants is skiing down a snowy mountain.
sprayed grass Two the children a in hose. standing by being	Two children standing in the grass being sprayed by a hose.
dog running with water. Black and face tan through black	Black dog with black and tan face running through water.
is dog snow. its the rubbing face in A	A dog is rubbing its face in the snow.
and A a others. white several woman glove with	A woman with a white glove and several others.
snow. a of with punching A boy spray	A boy punching with a spray of snow.
red black to water into jumping a blue a and catch some dog Frisbee	a black dog jumping into some water to catch a red and blue Frisbee
A a outdoor bicyclist stairs. trick of is attempting flight a down	A bicyclist is attempting a trick down a flight of outdoor stairs.
waves. the surfer rides A	A surfer rides the waves.
outside of her A enjoys possessions woman a surrounding with meal her. building a	A woman enjoys a meal outside of a building with her possessions surrounding her.
with girl filled little tub A metal water. in a is sitting	A little girl is sitting in a metal tub filled with water.
is black dog on A white sand. and running	A black and white dog is running on sand.
dogs bend a racetrack. a at Three round	Three dogs round a bend at a racetrack.
sitting Two people rock. on a talk while big	Two people talk while sitting on a big rock.
tree water to carrying standing next in camel desert	camel standing next to tree in desert carrying water
a a Two women man for and photograph. posing	Two women and a man posing for a photograph.
A outdoor at crowd an event.	A crowd at an outdoor event.
neon phone Man in a on the front of sign	Man on the phone in front of a neon sign
green in of field Man holding grass. stick	Man holding stick in field of green grass.
the a surfboard surfer on a high over in red wave A ocean. jumps	A surfer on a red surfboard jumps over a high wave in the ocean.
a Little to runner A in sliding game. afternoon tries base an into League a catch team	A Little League team tries to catch a runner sliding into a base in an afternoon game.
red towards brown A a jumps white dog and ball.	A white and brown dog jumps towards a red ball.
snowboarder the blue performing a is pants in trick. The	The snowboarder in the blue pants is performing a trick.
park while a around. sits family birds at fly A	A family sits at a park while birds fly around.
curl surfs A in of the the wave. man	A man surfs in the curl of the wave.
are musical playing dancing and instruments. Three Indians	Three Indians are dancing and playing musical instruments.
back laying a large man bearded tree. under his A on	A bearded man laying on his back under a large tree.
Frisbee. white furry to dog catch jumping A a	A white furry dog jumping to catch a Frisbee.
A through child crawls and a pink-bottomed wearing sneakers gray window. shorts	A child wearing gray shorts and pink-bottomed sneakers crawls through a window.
a laptop are with a connected person camera operating in third women standing lot a a to by. parking Two	Two women are operating a laptop connected to a camera in a parking lot with a third person standing by.
water in innertube Girl with	Girl with innertube in water
and a lake into dock a grey jumps off dog a brown	a grey and brown dog jumps off a dock into a lake
are on People outside of building. street a a walking	People are walking on a street outside of a building.
of man the side cliff. climbing A a	A man climbing the side of a cliff.
is blue of in young members. A a of front dressed uniform female band group cheering a cheerleader in	A young female cheerleader dressed in a blue uniform is cheering in front of a group of band members.
open. face, face brown with mouths to bears touching, Two	Two brown bears touching, face to face, with mouths open.
people wall of front are for picture graffiti. a Six with in a posing	Six people are posing for a picture in front of a wall with graffiti.
posing while A picture. for smiling are a girls group of	A group of girls are smiling while posing for a picture.
boys Young soccer. playing	Young boys playing soccer.
points bride. to lady with hat Old black out something dress and	Old lady with black dress and hat points out something to bride.
attempting behind a a a long rail in skater is trick large An metal structure. in-line	An in-line skater is attempting a trick in a long metal rail behind a large structure.
plays One another sings guy guitar. while	One guy sings while another plays guitar.
red girl and boy A with car sunglasses them. and a behind	A girl and boy with sunglasses and a red car behind them.
during People soccer sunset field on a playing soccer	People playing soccer on a soccer field during sunset
his with sponsored competing spectators. along athlete gear is A disabled lined with street a	A disabled athlete is competing with his sponsored gear along a street lined with spectators.
through the air. A flies snowboarder	A snowboarder flies through the air.
into and looking investigate. to are over dogs ditch Two bending a down	Two dogs are bending over and looking down into a ditch to investigate.
and white dog through black The grass. runs the	The black and white dog runs through the grass.
a on two lawn dogs together black play	two black dogs play together on a lawn
girl as stream a in catches fish a small boy a points. A	A boy catches a fish in a small stream as a girl points.
in of A a building. glass object front an boy throws	A boy throws an object in front of a glass building.
black soccer the white to ball. in a white catch dog jumps and air Large	Large white dog jumps in the air to catch a black and white soccer ball.
girl a a colored is crouching brightly on to A wall. skateboard next	A girl is crouching on a skateboard next to a brightly colored wall.
doing with a bike A is trick at bicycle a ramps. park man	A man is doing a bicycle trick at a bike park with ramps.
in a girl smiles. A tree	A girl in a tree smiles.
younger boy a helping A blow bubbles. girl	A boy helping a younger girl blow bubbles.
black Man raised with field dog his a at arm. in jumping	Man in field with a black dog jumping at his raised arm.
bathing A sand. wearing striped on young suit the sits child a	A young child wearing a striped bathing suit sits on the sand.
softball girl a A at bat in game	A girl at bat in a softball game
hands. dresses colored wearing women three hold bright	three women wearing bright colored dresses hold hands.
four walking dogs. Man	Man walking four dogs.
the one a bicycle A ground man a foot ramp jumping dirt with off on on	A man on a bicycle jumping off a dirt ramp with one foot on the ground
in red robes and and , black black hats children Some	Some children in black robes and black and red hats ,
and playing catch in a the dog Two water. boys	Two boys and a dog playing catch in the water.
road a barrier grinding yellow Rollerblader	Rollerblader grinding a yellow road barrier
with control. a on the play Two remote children bed	Two children play on the bed with a remote control.
mouth. has dog its white The ball in a	The white dog has a ball in its mouth.
at and naked The woman people. man look painting a of	The man and woman look at a painting of naked people.
A some a man carts in bag grocery a looks and bike. near	A man looks in a bag near some grocery carts and a bike.
on of bus. the group bench, waiting a sit for A people	A group of people sit on a bench, waiting for the bus.
wave. by an is being girl A ocean splashed	A girl is being splashed by an ocean wave.
A together while eats the couple sitting man corn.	A couple sitting together while the man eats corn.
shoulders. women are on There a and has in one and purple child five her pink	There are five women in pink and purple and one has a child on her shoulders.
A a leaps fence. over dog	A dog leaps over a fence.
blonde models an with under a umbrella. pose Two man	Two blonde models pose with a man under an umbrella.
a wave. about A surfboard is his in man to fall off	A man is about to fall off his surfboard in a wave.
bicycle, Two girls a on at wall tandem art. looking	Two girls on a tandem bicycle, looking at wall art.
hat a rock. little flip A girl a flops sits red in and yellow on	A little girl in a red hat and yellow flip flops sits on a rock.
the blue child The dribbled basketball. in the shorts	The child in the blue shorts dribbled the basketball.
grins. red A with hair man	A man with red hair grins.
twirling streamers. The long, is girl colorful	The girl is twirling long, colorful streamers.
child in winter A is street. the along clothes walking	A child in winter clothes is walking along the street.
a sitting watermelon lemonade at slices. table Young girl and selling	Young girl sitting at a table selling lemonade and watermelon slices.
girl a horse. brown The little is in riding	The little girl is riding in a brown horse.
rides young A a man down sidewalk. a unicycle	A young man rides a unicycle down a sidewalk.
quarters. is cramped Band practice	Band practice is cramped quarters.
get bikes a Dirt racetrack. at airborne	Dirt bikes get airborne at a racetrack.
running wet on Two sand. dogs	Two dogs running on wet sand.
playing Two making guys and ball faces.	Two guys playing ball and making faces.
the dog. The big black behind is little black dog	The big black dog is behind the little black dog.
over jumps obstacle. an A dog	A dog jumps over an obstacle.
is brown wooden boy A between chains a posts. on two standing jacket in	A boy in a brown jacket is standing on chains between two wooden posts.
cap swimming in black goggles swim and Person	Person in goggles and black swim cap swimming
and motorcycle leans against the streets. watches officer his A police	A police officer leans against his motorcycle and watches the streets.
a tan and the face in being bull. brown white A is by animal swatted	A tan animal is being swatted in the face by a brown and white bull.
in outside girls a Two laughing yard.	Two girls laughing outside in a yard.
to a The looking in a camera woman is with area the crowded side	The woman with a camera is looking to the side in a crowded area
following teammate. baseball is action a an through A player nearby with	A baseball player is following through with an action nearby a teammate.
on runs for brown dog orange The an ball. field a white and	The white and brown dog runs on a field for an orange ball.
dark haired older a An is taking picture woman	An older dark haired woman is taking a picture
bums a Mission Portland Peace are on Oregon. sitting Two in a outside sidewalk	Two bums are sitting on a sidewalk outside a Peace Mission in Portland Oregon.
takes track. turn a on A race motorcycle sharp the	A race motorcycle takes a sharp turn on the track.
with toy a runs yellow with red tan A dog collar mouth. in its a	A tan dog with a red collar runs with a yellow toy in its mouth.
child in orange wings A and is a white with pool. playing water	A child with orange and white water wings is playing in a pool.
side wall. rock of a man climbing lone the large a	a lone man climbing the side of a large rock wall.
and a bird in redheaded swimming the dog water a are	a dog and a redheaded bird are swimming in the water
a ride woman A the bikes and on man boardwalk.	A man and a woman ride bikes on the boardwalk.
the young sunny into looks on The fountain a day. man	The young man looks into the fountain on a sunny day.
A jumps man the into air.	A man jumps into the air.
picture street taken. Woman their and having together standing a cobbled Man on	Man and Woman standing together on a cobbled street having their picture taken.
the the A the is beach ball dog ocean. looking on at black by	A black dog is looking at the ball on the beach by the ocean.
basketball and a woman holding looking a with jersey A is up. basketball red	A woman with a red basketball jersey is holding a basketball and looking up.
dog the man a stand in grass. and a	a man and a dog stand in the grass.
of car A race with cloud it dust behind a	A race car with a cloud of dust behind it
headband A blue playing man a tennis. in	A man in a blue headband playing tennis.
ATV's people four a three field. wheel in on	three people on four wheel ATV's in a field.
the walking brown black and and looking at the dog camera. in is A water	A black and brown dog is walking in the water and looking at the camera.
rippled tan A sand beach. walks on white dog and the on	A white and tan dog walks on rippled sand on the beach.
sand. athlete a female jumping the into is	a female athlete is jumping into the sand.
dirt. A no in with dog the runs tail	A dog with no tail runs in the dirt.
A in playing balls. a of blue pit pale boy	A pale boy playing in a pit of blue balls.
hill. A sweater standing a on woman in is striped a	A woman in a striped sweater is standing on a hill.
help from computer boys on teacher. are a Two a getting	Two boys are getting help on a computer from a teacher.
a next sitting bench with to eating ice her. cream is on girl A bike a	A girl is sitting on a bench eating ice cream with a bike next to her.
little something blasted with water. off made A boy	A little boy made blasted something off with water.
golden in mouth. over brown its dog A bottle dog climbing is carrying a that is	A brown dog is climbing over a golden dog that is carrying bottle in its mouth.
a backpack a in with Person field	Person with a backpack in a field
the girl runs red across in a grass.	a girl in red runs across the grass.
A a cellphone near woman water. on talking	A woman talking on a cellphone near water.
Four over dogs grass. covered snow running	Four dogs running over snow covered grass.
play with outside. dogs another Two one	Two dogs play with one another outside.
the brown house. dog A in and large playing are dog black small a	A large black dog and a small brown dog are playing in the house.
The are dogs outside the in fighting snow. two	The two dogs are fighting outside in the snow.
child's in rides little girl swing. a A	A little girl rides in a child's swing.
a to man a brown. woman A pink bikini in in next	A woman in a pink bikini next to a man in brown.
and A a sits toy. tire baby on a holds	A baby sits on a tire and holds a toy.
in creek. people around playing Six are in suits a bathing	Six people in bathing suits are playing around in a creek.
dog the grass. runs through A yellow	A yellow dog runs through the grass.
under standing children an Two awning.	Two children standing under an awning.
are van a children towards outside. a with house parked Two red walking	Two children are walking towards a house with a red van parked outside.
wipes his boy A blue shirt. with his nose little	A little boy wipes his nose with his blue shirt.
A back is bike to come down. waiting midair doing a in trick boy	A boy doing a bike trick is in midair waiting to come back down.
waterskiing stunt. man a A performs	A man performs a waterskiing stunt.
onto in Snowboarder midair. while board holding	Snowboarder holding onto board while in midair.
his jumps a dog owner. to	a dog jumps to his owner.
driving car red a over bridge. A	A red car driving over a bridge.
field pink a hairy through dog running a with shirt A	A hairy dog with a pink shirt running through a field
sit a Tim of A hortons people behind group watching event an sign.	A group of people sit watching an event behind a Tim hortons sign.
of a building array side group in colors. of A an the painting people of	A group of people painting the side of a building in an array of colors.
Two are pink girls dancing. in little	Two little girls in pink are dancing.
red while the makes a splash A chasing a in ball. large water dog	A dog makes a large splash in the water while chasing a red ball.
climbing young a in playhouse A boy	A young boy climbing in a playhouse
yellow, woman in A jogging.	A woman in yellow, jogging.
ball. soccer handed being dog white Large gray a	Large gray dog being handed a white soccer ball.
with grey playing small shirt a a wearing a child and camera. black purple	a small child wearing a grey and purple shirt playing with a black camera.
glasses wearing a A cliff hat a smiles. and and sits on person	A person wearing a hat and glasses sits on a cliff and smiles.
tackled. player A is football	A football player is tackled.
a her the to of woman A holds hair matching tattoo. man show	A man holds the hair of a woman to show her matching tattoo.
couple a skyline. A watches against boat a	A couple watches a boat against a skyline.
tube sand. A slide is about out to the and a is coming hit of kid	A kid is coming out of a tube slide and is about to hit the sand.
in little pink and A dancing dress. girl a green	A little girl dancing in a pink and green dress.
little in the A hair wind. girl while swings her flies	A little girl swings while her hair flies in the wind.
brightly in dresses. women Three colored	Three women in brightly colored dresses.
woman Man with hair and a hair with smile. brown blond	Man with brown hair and a woman with blond hair smile.
holding orange Two clothes in girls hands	Two girls holding hands in orange clothes
is front a is bubbles playing her. girl in outfit woman A pink of blowing and a little in	A woman is blowing bubbles and a little girl in a pink outfit is playing in front of her.
runs field. through a dog A	A dog runs through a field.
A in dressed makes batter, white, cricket a hit all	A cricket batter, dressed all in white, makes a hit
dogs play their owners together while watch. Two	Two dogs play together while their owners watch.
up dressed people A of group colorfully.	A group of people dressed up colorfully.
a in counter. men a purple bar stand with Three	Three men stand in a bar with a purple counter.
a running A with child beach around. on seaguls flying	A child running on a beach with seaguls flying around.
waits. on girl phone another sits checks an her ad ; A girl and	A girl sits on an ad and checks her phone ; another girl waits.
A against woman wall alone a sits brick	A woman sits alone against a brick wall
A reads man the a drink. while having newspaper	A man reads the newspaper while having a drink.
face machines. Three video and people stand	Three people stand and face video machines.
ride along a between dirt two wire fences. bicyclists Four road	Four bicyclists ride along a dirt road between two wire fences.
dog jumping brown A is in air. the	A brown dog is jumping in the air.
pilings A the waterside. brindle ground in some runs dog at beside	A brindle dog runs beside some pilings in ground at the waterside.
young a bench. a black purse A woman on wooden sits with	A young woman with a black purse sits on a wooden bench.
a walking " lounge man a sidewalk A bar is " under sign. down	A man is walking down a sidewalk under a " lounge bar " sign.
are street. rollerblading the Many down people	Many people are rollerblading down the street.
wearing newspapers in woman both sunglasses A holds large hands.	A woman wearing large sunglasses holds newspapers in both hands.
are The dogs racing.	The dogs are racing.
playing water a beach. black dog at the and brown in A	A black and brown dog playing in the water at a beach.
him snow. trail has through he as left skier makes the A cross-country behind a way his	A cross-country skier has left a trail behind him as he makes his way through the snow.
air make a shot. basketball player about the in to A	A basketball player in the air about to make a shot.
with woman each arms woman young pose other. around and A their	A woman and young woman pose with their arms around each other.
of a a rock a boy river. A in edge on sits the on shirt red	A boy in a red shirt sits on a rock on the edge of a river.
man in is match. a ball A a tennis professional hitting	A man is hitting a tennis ball in a professional match.
wearing are in sweaters park. children Several riding red the tricycles	Several children wearing red sweaters are riding tricycles in the park.
A and on head dog camera. white black a rests its	A black and white dog rests its head on a camera.
out a by a mud of beach. climbing pit girls Two	Two girls climbing out of a mud pit by a beach.
are standing field a Two and in grass dirt. dogs of	Two dogs are standing in a field of grass and dirt.
dog a from water drinking The is fountain.	The dog is drinking water from a fountain.
cave of made snowing. while is gear in snow inside is winter hiding it a A child	A child in winter gear is hiding inside a cave made of snow while it is snowing.
The one-handed attempting is in of a handstand front a building. man	The man is attempting a one-handed handstand in front of a building.
Three behind a men sitting building.	Three men sitting behind a building.
A white child of in a handlebars riding the t-shirt a curly-haired grasps toy.	A curly-haired child in a white t-shirt grasps the handlebars of a riding toy.
A rocket with past walks attached red it. a a fake man building to	A man walks past a red building with a fake rocket attached to it.
building. near a together in Five men uniform stand	Five men in uniform stand together near a building.
the take girls view. Two in	Two girls take in the view.
the in beneath sand grass. digging some dog A is	A dog is digging in the sand beneath some grass.
rock is girl A climbing. young	A young girl is rock climbing.
in people the Three are snow.	Three people are in the snow.
and holding lips black cheeks gun. rosy Girl toy with	Girl with rosy cheeks and lips holding black toy gun.
white man building. of front is walking a The pants in jacket wearing white a black and	The man wearing a white jacket and black pants is walking in front of a white building.
into rock. from dog brown A a water leaps	A brown dog leaps into water from a rock.
one in in front stand in red, building. people, blue Two and a one of	Two people, one in blue and one in red, stand in front of a building.
girl A onsie her mouth. holding dog in little a sofa wearing shirt a in a brown with woman a with black pacifier is striped red on a a	A woman in a red shirt is holding a black dog on a brown sofa with a little girl wearing a striped onsie with a pacifier in her mouth.
red its ball a air catch to jumped A mouth. in Yorkie the into	A Yorkie jumped into the air to catch a red ball in its mouth.
holiday his investigate red-brown gift digs The nose dog bag. a to	The red-brown dog digs his nose to investigate a holiday gift bag.
A photo taken. girl and their guy having	A guy and girl having their photo taken.
A of with square it walking through people cobblestones many town	A town square of cobblestones with many people walking through it
a her on girl on trampoline. A head upside down bounces	A girl bounces upside down on her head on a trampoline.
yard. fetches puppy in the toy a yellow cute ring A chew	A cute puppy fetches a yellow ring chew toy in the yard.
in a on asleep. asian man subway, An the suit	An asian man in a suit on the subway, asleep.
person sleigh, a siting bundled A on one the snow. up, in boy,	A boy, bundled up, siting on a one person sleigh, in the snow.
wall boys a to size getting in three wet next order	three boys in size order getting wet next to a wall
performs lot. boy trick A parking skateboard a a in	A boy performs a skateboard trick in a parking lot.
match. wrestling a men in professional Two engage	Two men engage in a professional wrestling match.
up dog in crouching looking Brown grass	Brown dog crouching in grass looking up
next to looks snow in trees. framed at pictures A the skier	A skier looks at framed pictures in the snow next to trees.
skiing. is A person	A person is skiing.
A his waves the holding paddle. through kayaker goes	A kayaker goes through the waves holding his paddle.
brown a ball. for reaches tennis dog A	A brown dog reaches for a tennis ball.
a the on protects clothes down man other mud his field. two while with from runs A ball he men	A man with mud on his clothes protects a ball from two other men while he runs down the field.
in women white flowers dresses Line holding red of	Line of women in white dresses holding red flowers
a on Frisbee its water running Dog mouth. with in	Dog running on water with a Frisbee in its mouth.
snow. digging the black A is dog in	A black dog is digging in the snow.
brown has dog while his the mouth ball fence. in in a playing A	A brown dog has a ball in his mouth while playing in the fence.
pink glasses a with rides bike. a hat woman her and	a woman with glasses and a pink hat rides her bike.
train. a on people Several sit	Several people sit on a train.
promting two trying to their men knit website condoms wearing and young sell caps	two young men promting their website wearing knit caps and trying to sell condoms
spotters while wait A man climbs below. rock	A man rock climbs while spotters wait below.
sweater A holds mouth. a toy wearing in blue a dog yellow its	A dog wearing a blue sweater holds a yellow toy in its mouth.
runs dog black through water, shore. the near the A big,	A big, black dog runs through the water, near the shore.
small dog black in the sand. A walks	A small black dog walks in the sand.
to getting ready skiers ski jump of a off lift. Two	Two skiers getting ready to jump off of a ski lift.
man at A stops look something. sign with a peace to shirt	A man with a peace sign shirt stops to look at something.
ice sweatshirt skating in Kid red	Kid in red sweatshirt ice skating
into shore. is on blue person A a rocky water diving	A person is diving into blue water on a rocky shore.
on ski's in the air slope. A at a ski person	A person on ski's in the air at a ski slope.
women are red Asian is who older talking two wearing an woman sweater. a behind	two Asian women are talking behind an older woman who is wearing a red sweater.
jumping blue arms a the trampoline bouncing stomach. with A a girl is shirt in his her on a is boy in on while air,	A girl is jumping on a trampoline with her arms in the air, while a boy in a blue shirt is bouncing on his stomach.
sitting the grass. girl is in A young	A young girl is sitting in the grass.
at window, a a near of plate table a her. glass woman sits A in with front and	A woman sits at a table near a window, with a plate and glass in front of her.
the upside a in person mat on with boy red background. a standing A down	A boy standing on a red mat with a person upside down in the background.
young boy blows wearing shirt a bubbles. A blue	A young boy wearing a blue shirt blows bubbles.
man A beach. at juggles the	A man juggles at the beach.
smiling restaurant. at together Two are women a	Two women are smiling together at a restaurant.
A ocean front at blue of bright dog the the cloudy sky. and in beach running a	A dog running at the beach in front of the ocean and a bright blue cloudy sky.
a a man smokes cigarette.	a man smokes a cigarette.
on A slope. a skier	A skier on a slope.
men a a along through canal are Three between riding buildings. boat	Three men are riding a boat through along a canal between buildings.
the for blue a adjusting in yellow man is shirt boy. young bicycle This	This man in the yellow shirt is adjusting blue bicycle for a young boy.
A group of	A group of
the a boy snow. brown dog and standing in The are	The boy and a brown dog are standing in the snow.
A the plays boy sand. in	A boy plays in the sand.
beach. in A the near wind-surfer	A wind-surfer in near the beach.
boys in Two play young outdoor fountain. an swim and	Two young boys swim and play in an outdoor fountain.
A firing man a a ear protectors is yellow gun with range. in shooting	A man with yellow ear protectors is firing a gun in a shooting range.
arms. into the mans boy A little jumps	A little boy jumps into the mans arms.
watches over the waves A bird crash rocks. the	A bird watches the waves crash over the rocks.
and woman A a hat black wearing red coat.	A woman wearing a red hat and black coat.
wearing concert. A a pants at a man walks stage across vest and	A man wearing a vest and pants walks across stage at a concert.
in the of Man and in sleeveless the standing shorts shirt middle floor.	Man in sleeveless shirt and shorts standing in the middle of the floor.
Two brown run dogs through a field.	Two brown dogs run through a field.
air flies biker off a the in A ramp. of BMX	A BMX biker flies in the air off of a ramp.
out girl frame. of park, little looking the runs A at in somthing	A little girl runs in the park, looking at somthing out of frame.
boy at the A flip the in a beach. air doing	A boy doing a flip in the air at the beach.
throw A to boy stone ready into little the is a water.	A little boy is ready to throw a stone into the water.
at park a A trick does skate a rollerblader	A rollerblader does a trick at a skate park
for pushes forward. A Miami player U. basketball	A basketball player for Miami U. pushes forward.
from treck. as dressed group A characters of star women	A group of women dressed as characters from star treck.
with star-shaped a looking of frame. together metal group A working people	A group of people working together with a star-shaped looking metal frame.
road vehicle. 4-wheel off person A jumping a	A person jumping a 4-wheel off road vehicle.
pushing on another boy A boy the swing.	A boy pushing another boy on the swing.
dog down the road. dusty ran white The	The white dog ran down the dusty road.
The dog snow. is large running through	The large dog is running through snow.
player OU coach the from about the talks A to football game.	A football player from OU talks to the coach about the game.
book. a boy reads A	A boy reads a book.
at children a table. Six	Six children at a table.
Girl treat to dog. jumping gives	Girl gives treat to jumping dog.
grassy area. Young a a in with child playing ball soccer	Young child playing with a soccer ball in a grassy area.
and nose. two baby its fingers up face smeared food its with on A	A baby with food smeared on its face and two fingers up its nose.
rope dog toy. running with is The a	The dog is running with a rope toy.
Person brown is a jumping over a horse helmet yellow fence. in a	Person in a yellow helmet is jumping a brown horse over a fence.
with is food. at red dog The staring the brown plate the of collar	The brown dog with the red collar is staring at the plate of food.
of near runs grove dog A a the on green trees. grass	A dog runs on the green grass near a grove of trees.
under Three Arabian men an awning. sitting	Three Arabian men sitting under an awning.
is a arm by the dog. clothing man A being on protective bitten wearing	A man wearing protective clothing is being bitten on the arm by a dog.
golf small child a toy A club with	A small child with a toy golf club
an with running field dog through uncut with is white nearby. a A fence a muzzle	A white dog with a muzzle is running through an uncut field with a fence nearby.
brown a on a down her with with skiing a mountain woman running a snowy lesh dog	a woman skiing down a snowy mountain with a brown dog on a lesh running with her
surfboard and A coasts wave. down on stands man a a large	A man stands on a surfboard and coasts down a large wave.
car in a race track drives along rain the A	A race car drives along a track in the rain
white all in dressed some looking at People are shaved lambs.	People dressed in all white are looking at some shaved lambs.
dog with its nose and pointed black Brown upwards.	Brown and black dog with its nose pointed upwards.
is a carrying man on The cellphone. in Obama talking glasses an poster	The man in glasses carrying an Obama poster is talking on a cellphone.
kissing White a fence. dog through sheep fluffy	White fluffy dog kissing sheep through a fence.
little dog a small A grey jumps hurdle. over	A little grey dog jumps over a small hurdle.
bench A reading newspaper. on woman a sits a	A woman sits on a bench reading a newspaper.
on the splashed plays young by the she while waves child ocean's beach. is A	A young child is splashed by the ocean's waves while she plays on the beach.
addressing A of in people standing woman diverse street. the group a	A woman addressing a diverse group of people standing in the street.
wave a Surfer riding	Surfer riding a wave
leaping dog brown water is A over in near and white log snow. a the	A brown and white dog is leaping over a log near water in the snow.
garden the snow ground. outside boy and the in on still dog are The a little with the	The boy and the dog are outside in the garden with a little snow still on the ground.
A rope mountain a as is a white guide. a climbing man with young	A young white man is climbing a mountain with a rope as a guide.
A area. a brown snowy jumps in squirrel into the air	A brown squirrel jumps into the air in a snowy area.
on with young walking A people cellphones. talking group two of	A group of young people walking with two talking on cellphones.
the swinging kid The little in backyard. is	The little kid is swinging in the backyard.
with dog a collar eyes white A grey in closed. its yawning	A grey dog in a white collar yawning with its eyes closed.
wetsuit a wave. A in rides black a surfer	A surfer in a black wetsuit rides a wave.
on field. the play of A group men soccer	A group of men play soccer on the field.
blue wave. in a A surfs surfer	A surfer in blue surfs a wave.
making dog a a turn Three dogs are race. in	Three dogs are making a turn in a dog race.
chatting couples the are by the bus. two	the two couples are chatting by the bus.
Girl beside on with path building. walks head shaved	Girl with shaved head walks on path beside building.
thirds woman woman a another hair. One thread makes braids spindle a while on	One woman makes thread on a spindle while another woman braids a thirds hair.
the biker mountain forest. A in	A mountain biker in the forest.
A face funny baby male camera. a makes for the	A male baby makes a funny face for the camera.
spinning girl air head. in his a man is the above little A	A man is spinning a little girl in the air above his head.
is standing a an A and sprinkler a blonde orange in toddler dress beside wet yard. wearing	A blonde toddler wearing an orange dress is wet and standing beside a sprinkler in a yard.
person a a scooter. fall begins helmet A wearing from to silver	A person wearing a helmet begins to fall from a silver scooter.
young rope child a A climbs net. on	A young child climbs on a rope net.
A helmet of a with in on cellphone the a man a is bicycle crowd. midst using	A man with a bicycle helmet on is using a cellphone in the midst of a crowd.
fishemen The enjoy day. the warm	The fishemen enjoy the warm day.
stands A a outside smoking man cigarette	A man stands outside smoking a cigarette
rocky beach. surfer high a wave takes on A beyond a	A surfer takes on a high wave beyond a rocky beach.
fenced the is A a with in stick his dog in mouth. in standing field	A dog is standing in the fenced in field with a stick in his mouth.
the The dog air. brown a in catches ball	The brown dog catches a ball in the air.
raising hands are group air. their the of in children A	A group of children are raising their hands in the air.
its white a has Frisbee in grey The dog mouth.	The white dog has a grey Frisbee in its mouth.
dog on big chews a stick. Small	Small dog chews on a big stick.
luggage on carrying a down baby with the back. A walking street woman her	A woman walking down the street carrying luggage with a baby on her back.
grass the in black a and Four in the a grass distance on dogs on forefront. in the dog circle	Four dogs in a circle on the grass in the distance and a black dog on the grass in forefront.
men a Two standing street. on	Two men standing on a street.
dog a course and dog at agility woman A	A dog and woman at a dog agility course
racer professional A in motor motion.	A professional motor racer in motion.
in sprinklers. kids around jumping Little are the	Little kids are jumping around in the sprinklers.
is running the across grass. dog tan The and black	The tan and black dog is running across the grass.
large with The log. the plays dog	The dog plays with the large log.
at with the Mohawk a smiles camera. A man	A man with a Mohawk smiles at the camera.
bunch of players, and football crowd. A a	A bunch of football players, and a crowd.
sitting grass. kayak the boys on a are green Two in	Two boys are sitting in a green kayak on the grass.
on a foggy riding bicycle Man a day.	Man riding a bicycle on a foggy day.
brown running water The licking his is in nose. the dog	The brown dog is running in the water licking his nose.
a a man participates bmx in race.	a man participates in a bmx race.
tribal filling water jugs group the desert. A in	A tribal group filling water jugs in the desert.
girl neck. a A around in sign wearing a her is bikini blue cardboard	A girl in a blue bikini is wearing a cardboard sign around her neck.
man with a is white ledge rollerblading on Young helmet	Young man with white helmet is rollerblading on a ledge
A with on performs BMX trick bicycle no his stoppie green man a hands.	A man performs a stoppie trick on his BMX green bicycle with no hands.
at person tank the running shore a wearing a on lone purple top the beach	a lone person wearing a purple tank top running on the shore at the beach
A woman and a a mountain. and brown jacket in a lake near frozen snow-covered jeans rides blue dressed blue horse	A woman dressed in a blue jacket and blue jeans rides a brown horse near a frozen lake and snow-covered mountain.
on head. its flowers a young holds A with baby woman	A young woman holds a baby with flowers on its head.
brown dog across and runs white A grass. the	A brown and white dog runs across the grass.
climbing Mountain snowy mountaintop. climber	Mountain climber climbing snowy mountaintop.
a A white dog black catching is Frisbee. and	A black and white dog is catching a Frisbee.
Couple street. of middle in the kissing a	Couple kissing in the middle of a street.
blue ball dog with pool small playing a A water. a of in	A dog playing with a blue ball in a small pool of water.
motorcycle the left. to driver A swerves	A motorcycle driver swerves to the left.
parent's. dressed as along their Kiss with are babies up Two	Two babies are dressed up as Kiss along with their parent's.
and The woman are kissing and man performing. near musicians hugging	The man and woman are hugging and kissing near musicians performing.
and slip a outside slide. A on playing boy	A boy playing outside on a slip and slide.
looking are Mickey with stadium. back Two at while spectators a an angle ears from adorn Mouse	Two spectators are adorn with Mickey Mouse ears while looking back at an angle from a stadium.
game. who of in kid playing a A opposite were the runs others direction	A kid runs in the opposite direction of others who were playing a game.
held leaps man. A black ball dog a a by for	A black dog leaps for a ball held by a man.
and the in shirt black with a A is another man long background. white a a man examining with beard camera is	A man with a long white beard is examining a camera and another man with a black shirt is in the background.
in person The mountains. the is snowy	The person is in the snowy mountains.
person on curve A jumps a in on the sidewalk. skateboard a	A person on a skateboard jumps in a curve on the sidewalk.
dog A running on is rocks. wet white	A white dog is running on wet rocks.
and swinging swing a swimsuit red black wearing a young on girl a	a young girl wearing a black and red swimsuit swinging on a swing
field. across brown dog a snowy A runs	A brown dog runs across a snowy field.
the tall in Two frown at men camera hats	Two men in tall hats frown at the camera
leaning snow. and Two poles in men in red the on jackets orange	Two men in red and orange jackets leaning on poles in the snow.
over partition A jumping on wearing small hat a a and a person black jacket horse. navy	A person wearing a navy jacket and black hat jumping over a small partition on a horse.
with on A holding shirt a is man football. no	A man with no shirt on is holding a football.
her red lying a strange is little in in outfit a side on girl A position.	A little girl in a red outfit is lying on her side in a strange position.
brown on field turn heads to at their Three camera. ATVs the a look in people	Three people on ATVs in a brown field turn their heads to look at the camera.
sun. the Four and people	Four people and the sun.
running A dog white beach. is rocky on a	A white dog is running on a rocky beach.
a wearing The a red helmet guard tassel. with is	The guard is wearing a helmet with a red tassel.
while watches see to goes someone the A beach. out boat on	A boat goes out to see while someone watches on the beach.
people bikes. riding Naked	Naked people riding bikes.
guiutarist harmonica boy an sitting with girls adult beside look plays on little him. Three as the a	Three little girls look on as a boy plays the harmonica with an adult guiutarist sitting beside him.
posts. field yellow in Dog with	Dog in field with yellow posts.
arms their sunglasses young in men and and suits white raise bar. a smile Two in	Two young men in sunglasses and white suits raise their arms and smile in a bar.
the man mountain of top from enjoying a a view	a man enjoying the view from top of a mountain
the around a bag street a in her woman standing with	a woman with a bag around her standing in the street
A a running puppy floor. tiled white on is	A white puppy is running on a tiled floor.
headwraps buses. Two are hurrying women past in	Two women in headwraps are hurrying past buses.
reaches a lake. with canoe on in a sitting person a hat while a paddle in A	A person in a hat reaches with a paddle while sitting in a canoe on a lake.
the girl woman necklaces her. man at next to A with bead sitting down looks	A woman with man bead necklaces looks down at the girl sitting next to her.
man A in bike a midair on	A man on a bike in midair
which chewing a holds eyeglasses. is on man A baby,	A man holds a baby, which is chewing on eyeglasses.
in of front skyscraper is standing a a man	a man is standing in front of a skyscraper
bike the jumps boy does air. The a his into	The boy does a jumps his bike into the air.
of to prepares him black a to stick front intended dog throw a fetch. man for A in	A man prepares to throw a stick intended for a black dog in front of him to fetch.
walking with street. backpacks down a Young boys	Young boys with backpacks walking down a street.
park on a A spins playground. boy	A boy spins on a park playground.
a bike in hill man competition. A in riding down dirt a	A man riding a dirt bike in down a hill in competition.
in beach each a hugging swimming or other are boy white trunks lake. black boy and on A	A black boy and white boy in swimming trunks are hugging each other on a beach or lake.
the standing grass dogs fence. a Two black wooden by are on	Two black dogs are standing on the grass by a wooden fence.
and seated long white dress dark man a a lady in drink a wearing comprised to woman A a of suit. couple brings a a	A lady brings a drink to a seated couple comprised of a woman wearing a long white dress and a man in a dark suit.
children the play of group where in sprayed. A is water street	A group of children play in the street where water is sprayed.
dog large A is running and water. white the through black	A large black and white dog is running through the water.
playing tennis. man A	A man playing tennis.
A arms boy not of crowd people are raises amongst focus. a his in who	A boy raises his arms amongst a crowd of people who are not in focus.
to in costume. costume a in horro man uniform man A stands next a a	A man in a uniform costume stands next to a man in a horro costume.
shirt blue a on a woman wearing sits white bench. A	A woman wearing a blue shirt sits on a white bench.
wave. a breaking on A is surfer riding	A surfer is riding on a breaking wave.
children sprinkler. the play in Young	Young children play in the sprinkler.
plays a A child at playground.	A child plays at a playground.
of is A water. jet up dog a at white jumping	A white dog is jumping up at a jet of water.
building. man steps of glass front doors in brick skateboard on a A a on	A man on a skateboard on steps in front glass doors of a brick building.
of on stands A his outside cellphone. a doorway man	A man stands outside of a doorway on his cellphone.
wave. blue rides a in surfer A	A surfer in blue rides a wave.
hat green a A portrait. is a self in man taking	A man in a green hat is taking a self portrait.
a A standing couple on water. the boat of deck watching the	A couple standing on the deck of a boat watching the water.
black man is sweater a looking down. wearing shirt A and	A man wearing a black shirt and sweater is looking down.
by duffel a his with a A bag bags sits two plastic on sides. man and step	A man sits on a step with two duffel bags and a plastic bag by his sides.
barrel. skateboarder a is over leaping green The	The skateboarder is leaping over a green barrel.
art of in an gallery. men A group	A group of men in an art gallery.
a street. of on a dogs car a roughhousing by pack dirty	a pack of dogs roughhousing by a car on a dirty street.
the jump little Two above floor. girls	Two little girls jump above the floor.
trick a is in midair. doing skateboarder A	A skateboarder is doing a trick in midair.
a head in parade black in woman a and with shaved a dressed white	a woman with a shaved head dressed in black and white in a parade
in in ball. the American attempting football white the to team The are red who with running is stop player	The American football team in white are attempting to stop the player in red who is running with the ball.
canoe people jackets a Two rowing down a are in river.	Two people in jackets are rowing a canoe down a river.
goal. going dives goalie A ball to prevent from into the the	A goalie dives to prevent the ball from going into the goal.
A for a woman reading train. while waiting	A woman reading while waiting for a train.
sign poem trade man for a A Giants a a to holds ticket. offering	A man holds a sign offering to trade a poem for a Giants ticket.
dog large is the deep snow. gray playing in A	A large gray dog is playing in the deep snow.
an near with a tattoos stands woman rainbow pink hair banner. A	A woman with pink hair an tattoos stands near a rainbow banner.
large and white indoors a dog brown play carpet. on small a A	A large brown and a small white dog play indoors on a carpet.
portrait drawing woman cellphone watches. on while man a A a	A woman drawing portrait while a man on a cellphone watches.
near guy The a his fountain. does water jump bike a on	The guy on his bike does a jump near a water fountain.
boy Four one drink posing sets his boys while down.	Four boys posing while one boy sets his drink down.
in is A dog at up the the looking grass brown sky. field	A brown dog in the grass field is looking up at the sky.
Several back sides riding people on a of are and car.	Several people are riding on back and sides of a car.
in play uniforms. of A boys football group little	A group of little boys play football in uniforms.
a A person in snowboarding. green coat is	A person in a green coat is snowboarding.
the looking into distance man Three	Three man looking into the distance
sombody dog a A see. in toward swimming we pool cannot swims	A dog in a swimming pool swims toward sombody we cannot see.
kicks stack of bricks. karate A a ice man	A man karate kicks a stack of ice bricks.
a stunt A on doing bicycle half a man in midair pipe.	A man in midair doing a bicycle stunt on a half pipe.
case at of a with looking on woman outfits backdrop is a display three A yellow. bright	A woman is looking at a display case with three outfits on a backdrop of bright yellow.
black tennis and dog ball. blue a A red catches	A black dog catches a red and blue tennis ball.
Three basketball. boys small playing	Three small boys playing basketball.
game. hockey A is a referee in intervening	A referee is intervening in a hockey game.
to ball. a runs clay tennis the on player A court	A tennis player on a clay court runs to the ball.
and A furry grass. brown the in running black dog is	A black and brown furry dog is running in the grass.
smiles a stony in front of city. boy A wall in a	A boy smiles in front of a stony wall in a city.
running through jumping is woods A dog and the	A dog is running and jumping through the woods
to ornate building. grass stands an A the in brown next small dog	A small brown dog stands in the grass next to an ornate building.
young a of adults garden girls at in running 4 camera front the towards flower and looking Two tge garden. flower	Two young girls running towards tge camera in front of a flower garden and 4 adults looking at the flower garden.
sitting the of shirt red A high is a edge cliff. woman a in on	A woman in a red shirt is sitting on the edge of a high cliff.
something. Two men other dressed young stand looking black next to at in each	Two young men dressed in black stand next to each other looking at something.
a control little front remote in kid television. of the up A holds	A little kid holds up a remote control in front of the television.
grass Two black on playing dogs	Two black dogs playing on grass
watching of A skaters. are people bunch ice	A bunch of people are watching ice skaters.
at holding while sign. smile the Two camera people a	Two people smile at the camera while holding a sign.
at a cafe to a dog woman. is near walk and sit outside an eat People where	People walk and sit to eat at an outside cafe where a dog is near a woman.
into water. off Two the pier boys the jumping	Two boys jumping off the pier into the water.
the bald man spotlight in An guitar. the old playing	An old bald man in the spotlight playing the guitar.
jumped mouth. leather The jacket dog pulling the and man's is at its has up with	The dog has jumped up and is pulling at the man's leather jacket with its mouth.
tries white stay surfer surfboard. moving his A on to	A surfer tries to stay moving on his white surfboard.
woman is a violin. The holding	The woman is holding a violin.
helmet, and silver blonde The a girl Rollerblades. pads, knee wearing is	The blonde girl is wearing a silver helmet, knee pads, and Rollerblades.
opposing tries player the on One player team. to football tackle a	One football player tries to tackle a player on the opposing team.
A shooting car race has the out back. fire	A race car has fire shooting out the back.
four small field through flowers background the a with dogs green in yellow running	four small dogs running through a green field with yellow flowers in the background
girl pushes a a boy swing. on A	A boy pushes a girl on a swing.
Two sand in beach. of men draw a wet the	Two men draw in the wet sand of a beach.
in is a The standing young arts child pose. martial	The young child is standing in a martial arts pose.
photo of in the of him. a A photo blue man takes a person taking	A man in blue takes a photo of the person taking a photo of him.
wall. camera One a on behind standing and tripod beige child the a black a one in shirt shorts with child against	One child behind a camera on a tripod with one child in a beige shirt and black shorts standing against the wall.
elderly past on Two path. woman are younger public women a walking a	Two elderly women are walking past a younger woman on a public path.
running jumping are joy. for Four young a street men and on	Four young men are running on a street and jumping for joy.
along dirt A walks a toddler road.	A toddler walks along a dirt road.
through Two a dogs run field.	Two dogs run through a field.
dog in a The big toy its has green mouth.	The big dog has a green toy in its mouth.
baby girl a little A pushing doll stroller	A little girl pushing a baby doll stroller
couple mingle at The the party. indian	The indian couple mingle at the party.
a with ball outside are playing children The a four building.	The four children are playing with a ball outside a building.
Two on snowy people hill. a playing	Two people playing on a snowy hill.
black to with white cat a a A playing puppy next toy. duck	A black cat playing with a white puppy next to a duck toy.
and licking small tan dog butter. white peanut A up	A small white and tan dog licking up peanut butter.
rope down rock using climbing sheer a A a person cliff	A person climbing down a sheer rock cliff using a rope
A baseball. man playing	A man playing baseball.
grass. is the running on dog A large	A large dog is running on the grass.
black a his in mouth. dog grass holding bird in is the A	A black dog in the grass is holding a bird in his mouth.
a sharp riding man bicycle gear aerodynamic road a in around A a curve. down	A man in aerodynamic gear riding a bicycle down a road around a sharp curve.
into man the A blonde and is is jumping air. wakeboarding	A blonde man is wakeboarding and is jumping into the air.
play the children Two in waves. laughing	Two laughing children play in the waves.
next a a building. to ladies stroller Two inside	Two ladies next to a stroller inside a building.
down path. dog A a pale runs	A pale dog runs down a path.
stuffed brown a camping dog. and Young girl gear carrying	Young girl carrying camping gear and a stuffed brown dog.
of A band and front holding store. in money, a standing man street a	A man holding money, standing in front of a street band and a store.
BMX rider midair. in A	A BMX rider in midair.
with women in A pier-like two ice girl enjoys cream a older young setting.	A young girl enjoys ice cream with two older women in a pier-like setting.
and A the frolicking on waters dog the red brown edge dog on beach. a	A brown dog and a red dog frolicking on the waters edge on the beach.
girl a room. young large wearing A tutu in a dances	A young girl wearing a tutu dances in a large room.
traffic. out blue is The holding dress at in arm oncoming woman the her	The woman in the blue dress is holding out her arm at oncoming traffic.
two child bread of carries through A the loaves man store.	A man child carries two loaves of bread through the store.
with is with standing the glove A dirt a shirt red catcher in his out. held	A catcher with a red shirt is standing in the dirt with his glove held out.
with A over barrier bicycler bike. jumping his a	A bicycler jumping over a barrier with his bike.
a on A bicycle rides city person sidewalk down night. at the	A person on a bicycle rides down the city sidewalk at night.
skateboard. with wall man young his the t-shirt white the is black along riding with top pants of The a and	The young man with black pants and a white t-shirt is riding along the top of the wall with his skateboard.
a in man bar. A	A man in a bar.
high some to horse gives football fans. A mascot fives	A horse mascot gives high fives to some football fans.
digging snow. and the brown a dog through black	a black and brown dog digging through the snow.
people street. standing parked A kids the and a red in group is firetruck of beside	A red firetruck is parked beside a group of people and kids standing in the street.
playing is and dog A a Frisbee with black white outside.	A black and white dog is playing with a Frisbee outside.
school game is in A progress. basketball	A school basketball game is in progress.
A with a child squirt gun.	A child with a squirt gun.
A with tennis hair dog long carying a blond ball.	A blond dog with long hair carying a tennis ball.
machine. neon large wearing a a standing a woman next to jacket	a woman wearing a neon jacket standing next to a large machine.
red ball black water. chasing through dog a the A	A black dog chasing a red ball through the water.
child pink jumps over coat blow-up toy. a A wearing plastic a	A child wearing a pink coat jumps over a plastic blow-up toy.
from a raft girl an into lake. jumps A orange	A girl jumps from an orange raft into a lake.
obstacle carries Man bike over	Man carries bike over obstacle
Young back shirt a boy doing in a flip brown	Young boy in a brown shirt doing a back flip
is a violin plaid skirt woman in shirt. and playing black A	A woman is playing violin in a plaid skirt and black shirt.
from behind peering little A a out tree. girl	A little girl peering out from behind a tree.
a and for girt going in ride. little warm coat A sunglasses	A little girt in sunglasses and warm coat going for a ride.
children a dock. stand with racing buckets Six at	Six children stand with buckets at a racing dock.
a black wave off in rides the the suit body coast The surfer	The surfer in the black body suit rides a wave off the coast
the surf. boy in plays A	A boy plays in the surf.
light-colored long with something A sliding hear girl little wearing in her and is mouth, a clothing down tunnel.	A little girl with long hear and something in her mouth, wearing light-colored clothing is sliding down a tunnel.
with Two a playing dog ball. and people the water in a	Two people and a dog playing in the water with a ball.
shirt dappled marked yellow muzzle track. and runs Gray, 6, with on dog	Gray, dappled dog with muzzle and yellow shirt marked 6, runs on track.
of in people group wait attire. A similar	A group of people wait in similar attire.
window dresses Woman at store. looking clothing in of a	Woman looking at dresses in window of a clothing store.
wetsuit wetsuit wearing throwing baby the a man a A a is in up air. into	A man in a wetsuit is throwing a baby wearing a wetsuit up into the air.
girl doing flip in young back a water. the A	A young girl doing a back flip in the water.
running field. dogs Two through a	Two dogs running through a field.
with canoeing a black on water A background. person	A person canoeing on water with a black background.
A a man trunk fig the pushes half against of tree. naked	A half naked man pushes against the trunk of a fig tree.
people The wearing and empty are surrounded green two seats. down sitting by	The two people wearing green are sitting down and surrounded by empty seats.
shopping is girl cart little the store. a on front of A in riding a	A little girl is riding on the front of a shopping cart in a store.
big A dog. dog a sniffs little	A big dog sniffs a little dog.
A explosive effects. is shorts near special man wearing standing	A man wearing shorts is standing near explosive special effects.
harness with a going leash over white and red and stone Grey dog wall.	Grey and white dog with red harness and leash going over a stone wall.
tree children low Two from a branch hang	Two children hang from a low tree branch
a in Several bathe lake. people	Several people bathe in a lake.
black top. A tank a guy with	A guy with a black tank top.
canyon. a near people Several in chairs sit	Several people sit in chairs near a canyon.
a hockey middle player game. a There of is in the	There is a hockey player in the middle of a game.
A lake. rocks men into jumps off young a	A young men jumps off rocks into a lake.
two dog white brown romping are the in and dogs black A and mud.	A black dog and two brown and white dogs are romping in the mud.
blue green otherwise bleachers that sit in empty. people Two wearing are raincoats	Two people wearing green raincoats sit in blue bleachers that are otherwise empty.
in playing with band. uniform Girl marching flute	Girl in uniform playing flute with marching band.
course. leading through dog woman The an is a obstacle	The woman is leading a dog through an obstacle course.
ball. at the crouched tennis stared and the dog The on rug orange	The dog crouched on the orange rug and stared at the tennis ball.
skateboard his in man A a an setting. trick does urban on	A man does a trick on his skateboard in an urban setting.
little pajamas camera. operate girl a in pink tries to A	A little girl in pink pajamas tries to operate a camera.
white uniform looks A and walks a wearing down. player football	A football player wearing a white uniform walks and looks down.
medieval at Two face children picture cutouts. a with	Two children at a medieval picture with face cutouts.
A child with paint. plays	A child plays with paint.
a while person it. surfing A towards person on is heads wave another	A person is surfing on a wave while another person heads towards it.
pair tights. woman by boots a A worn of are orange wearing	A pair of boots are worn by a woman wearing orange tights.
stick. river man walking in a shorts by a carrying rocks along is red a	a man in red shorts is walking along rocks by a river carrying a stick.
punches. is throwing gloves A boxing with blue man	A man with blue boxing gloves is throwing punches.
man a girl pool off hands of near a jumps young the the in A ocean.	A young girl jumps off the hands of a man in a pool near the ocean.
riding blue wearing a on sidewalk a and shirt young a bike helmet red a boy a	a young boy wearing a blue shirt and a red helmet riding a bike on a sidewalk
the the that girl with person a in kicking pad is The holding. is red black belt	The girl with the red belt is kicking a pad that the person in black is holding.
on a sit A and woman by. man watching a bench, go boat	A man and woman sit on a bench, watching a boat go by.
ball person over at a A pick bowling bending to alley up a	A person bending over to pick up a ball at a bowling alley
a dog out poodle The coming tent. blue is white of	The white poodle dog is coming out of a blue tent.
a and music. jumping the in up to down Several band people	Several people in a band jumping up and down to the music.
near cruising backdrop. A boat white city a is large	A white boat is cruising near a large city backdrop.
cow a tiny standing baby boy, in woman, statue. of and a are A front little a	A woman, a little boy, and a tiny baby are standing in front of a cow statue.
dribbles Arizona by player Miami State basketball A an player.	A Miami basketball player dribbles by an Arizona State player.
on a a bike. guy topless A jumping ramp	A topless guy jumping a ramp on a bike.
Surfer down wave. riding a curling	Surfer riding down a curling wave.
an A woman picture. overalls at easel standing painting a wearing	A woman wearing overalls standing at an easel painting a picture.
caps white in with baseball men skinny two dogs Two standing	Two skinny white dogs with two standing men in baseball caps
attempts skateboard A bridge. male tricks by a	A male attempts skateboard tricks by a bridge.
blurred image a man closeup tan wearing a and shirt pants. green of a	a closeup blurred image of a man wearing a green shirt and tan pants.
a running quarterback back. A hands off football the to	A quarterback hands off the football to a running back.
in A green toddler a playpen. is	A toddler is in a green playpen.
down a people the blue in rapids of go and A yellow raft. group	A group of people go down the rapids in a blue and yellow raft.
a dog into jumps water. the	a dog jumps into the water.
woman is splashing a pool. a coming into A they child a as up slide down holding	A woman is holding up a child as they coming splashing down a slide into a pool.
is carrying mouth. its in white ball the a dog	the white dog is carrying a ball in its mouth.
lady A of holding front stand a her dog. truck in red	A lady stand in front of a red truck holding her dog.
scooter sidewalk. down A a moving on the child	A child on a scooter moving down the sidewalk.
brown red collar A dog diving a snow. wearing into	A brown dog wearing a red collar diving into snow.
The the walks water. in shallow dog	The dog walks in the shallow water.
market. indoor strolling People an through	People strolling through an indoor market.
dunks by road. hoop low a boy on a basketball the A	A boy dunks a basketball on a low hoop by the road.
the toddler paint, the in putting on naked her toddler head. baby's floor on hands and baby covered the A	A naked baby and toddler on the floor covered in paint, the toddler putting her hands on the baby's head.
guys and sneakers air. are jumping in tuxes in Five the	Five guys in tuxes and sneakers are jumping in the air.
A in are parent bed. and in child and embrace	A parent and child are in and embrace in bed.
beach. in black standing on rocky a dog a of water area A shallow	A black dog standing in a shallow area of water on a rocky beach.
platform. obstacle course high girl stands on A an	A girl stands high on an obstacle course platform.
a his in red and A man sunglasses, and sweater, smiles leather jacket a striped finger. points	A man in sunglasses, a red striped sweater, and a leather jacket smiles and points his finger.
some to steep railing a skateboards A next steps. man down	A man skateboards down a steep railing next to some steps.
female young Two the ball. players fight floor over hockey	Two young female floor hockey players fight over the ball.
on. young snow plays without a the in shirt boy A	A young boy plays in the snow without a shirt on.
dog A doing course. and agility an person	A dog and person doing an agility course.
is a blue in a covered graffiti front along man skateboarding in door. green t-shirt of wall a a	a man in a green t-shirt is skateboarding along a graffiti covered wall in front of a blue door.
on gray The white walking and is dog gravel.	The gray and white dog is walking on gravel.
of out mouth. white water walking with a a dog in black ball the his	a black dog walking out of the water with a white ball in his mouth.
headphones a A boy listens music young front to in kitchen. of through	A young boy listens to music through headphones in front of a kitchen.
Asian through top girl running and with pink grass. tank shorts white	Asian girl with white tank top and pink shorts running through grass.
and and are woman dog of in green brilliant bright field sky. grass A a blue a	A woman and a dog are in a field of bright green grass and brilliant blue sky.
big rock. gets on a up a skateboard man A	A man gets a skateboard up on a big rock.
as guards man off. one items another brings A his the security door	A security man guards the door as another one brings his items off.
down upside A jumps child trampoline. a on	A child jumps upside down on a trampoline.
walking snow. Golden retriever puppy through	Golden retriever puppy walking through snow.
cake a A top halter at a eats wearing table. girl	A girl wearing a halter top eats cake at a table.
on with falling his young sand is him. back falls open boy when A mouth	A young boy falls back with his mouth open when sand is falling on him.
through make way their rocky Three terrain. people	Three people make their way through rocky terrain.
with large is the in a branch and running black a field. There white dog	There is a black and white dog with a large branch running in the field.
men women out Some hands. shoot their young of and fireworks	Some young men and women shoot fireworks out of their hands.
walk pattern grassy in over Women dogs a circular terrain.	Women walk dogs in a circular pattern over grassy terrain.
dog A fat a sitting boat in	A fat dog sitting in a boat
in A shorts grass. a jumps in and t-shirt boy muddy barefoot	A barefoot boy in shorts and a t-shirt jumps in muddy grass.
landing. A fan vehicle yellow operated is parachute a with	A fan operated vehicle with a yellow parachute is landing.
she falls into The as front face sun. the in stands woman's silhouette of	The woman's face falls into silhouette as she stands in front of the sun.
People fall. are watching wrestler the	People are watching the wrestler fall.
ice in with in black a cave Some an background. in backpacks piled dressed person the up	Some backpacks piled up in an ice cave with a person dressed in black in the background.
A a a woman holds a under blue child smock. wearing wearing a t-shirt shirt gray black light	A woman wearing a gray t-shirt holds a child wearing a black shirt under a light blue smock.
her a in belt woman man garter removing a sitting while a is chair	a woman sitting in a chair while a man is removing her garter belt
a trick A on skis. man doing	A man doing a trick on skis.
sunset. A in black stretches headband the white a in shirt woman and	A woman in a black shirt and white headband stretches in the sunset.
leotard a a a mat. blue blue in somersault girl gymnastics on does A	A girl in a blue leotard does a somersault on a blue gymnastics mat.
the woods. A boy in	A boy in the woods.
tire on a playing small a swing child	a small child playing on a tire swing
her woman young haired plays and brown guitar sings into A microphone. a	A young brown haired woman plays her guitar and sings into a microphone.
play one lawn. another the with dogs Two on	Two dogs play with one another on the lawn.
a a over dog competition. jumps at hurdle A	A dog jumps over a hurdle at a competition.
tree. standing, a one Two women, one and near sitting	Two women, one sitting and one standing, near a tree.
the water. Young boy in playing	Young boy playing in the water.
in of on raft the are innertubes jackets wearing life water a made and noodles. Eight children	Eight children wearing life jackets are in the water on a raft made of innertubes and noodles.
path a a ganilla down rowing watery man a	a man rowing a ganilla down a watery path
is The walking young child a man with outside.	The man is walking with a young child outside.
jumps little air. into A red the wearing boy	A little boy wearing red jumps into the air.
lake. a a swimsuit is pink a and girl blue into wearing stones throwing	a girl wearing a blue and pink swimsuit is throwing stones into a lake.
woman looking away A to a woman standing next camera, the by wall a and another fence. from and	A woman looking away from the camera, and another woman standing next to a wall and by a fence.
play of water raft. their friend top kids in on Little poses their while the	Little kids play in the water while their friend poses on top of their raft.
black A white and on beach. a walks dog	A black and white dog walks on a beach.
the on are aside in an females street embrace Two beach. a	Two females are in an embrace on the street aside a beach.
and people water lake, edge at a of Two the the are city the skyline. facing	Two people are at the edge of a lake, facing the water and the city skyline.
the boys the playing surf in on beach. Two	Two boys playing in the surf on the beach.
white shirt pink striped shorts person with a black and and One hill. up walking a	One person with a pink and black striped shirt and white shorts walking up a hill.
the way. Greyhound with on 8 the leading race track, dogs #	Greyhound dogs race on the track, with # 8 leading the way.
a off is house. young a in jumping stool yellow A room inside child a	A young child is jumping off a yellow stool inside a room in a house.
A bird a sits in tree.	A bird sits in a tree.
yellow through is leaves. trotting the A dog	A yellow dog is trotting through the leaves.
cars his with bike. jumps train A man	A man jumps train cars with his bike.
snowboarder a poses the doing for while trick. A camera	A snowboarder poses for the camera while doing a trick.
on a peak. snowy man A	A man on a snowy peak.
air a bicycle. hat red jumps and a the shirt no man A in wearing on	A man wearing no shirt and a hat jumps in the air on a red bicycle.
fill Many villages in rural a roadway. Jeeps	Many villages in Jeeps fill a rural roadway.
along dirt a Children path. are walking	Children are walking along a dirt path.
a on. muzzle with A dog	A dog with a muzzle on.
young skiing mountain. wearing a snowsuit a girl a snowy grey on	a young girl wearing a grey snowsuit skiing on a snowy mountain.
large mountain. of are posing Three rock a in front people	Three people are posing in front of a large rock mountain.
black shirt, wearing A a mountain in and helmet biker, motion.	A mountain biker, wearing a black helmet and shirt, in motion.
bandanna. boy blue The is a little wearing	The little boy is wearing a blue bandanna.
night. parade and man at watch street a person in another shadow A	A man and another person in shadow watch a street parade at night.
a in window. of large couch front a A on bay little bouncing is girl	A little girl is bouncing on a couch in front of a large bay window.
of next stand says that sign HELL a people made to Two out " " stars.	Two people stand next to a sign that says " HELL " made out of stars.
white legs, standing a is hind The looking its ledge. over on dog	The white dog is standing on its hind legs, looking over a ledge.
along white board. a running dog black and is blue A	A black and white dog is running along a blue board.
a Men at to tame bull. try rodeo a	Men at a rodeo try to tame a bull.
their the A people way group of are across water. paddling	A group of people are paddling their way across the water.
faces. each others smell Two tan dogs	Two tan dogs smell each others faces.
A boy on trampoline. a jumping	A boy jumping on a trampoline.
Two young as boys sticks at his one look out camera the up tongue.	Two young boys look up at the camera as one sticks out his tongue.
and grey on a a track. race driving car blue dirt	a blue and grey race car driving on a dirt track.
a a after wedding woman holding A baby	A woman holding a baby after a wedding
soccer on game A field. a grassy	A soccer game on a grassy field.
big water slide. girl near blue A the splashes a water in	A girl splashes in the water near a big blue water slide.
standing throwing a jeans, on a river and in stone. boy wearing rocks A	A boy wearing jeans, standing on rocks in a river and throwing a stone.
dogs. black Three	Three black dogs.
jersey One are player set football wearing and orange jersey a at line. the starting white one an wearing	One football player wearing an orange jersey and one wearing a white jersey are set at the starting line.
a girl purple down pink riding on and little the bike. pink in A street	A little girl in pink riding down the street on a pink and purple bike.
a mountains. A skijoring with in person dog is the	A person is skijoring with a dog in the mountains.
wear purse down a winter walks the A lady carrying in sidewalk.	A lady in winter wear carrying a purse walks down the sidewalk.
group of is fill the large which from people picture, taken A above.	A large group of people fill the picture, which is taken from above.
dogs licks Three are tan nose. other's one outside, the	Three tan dogs are outside, one licks the other's nose.
motorcycle men berets cop. Two pose red in with a	Two men in red berets pose with a motorcycle cop.
pedigree at a black long a large dog haired, A showing show. woman dog	A woman showing a long haired, large black pedigree dog at a dog show.
Two people snow. hiking the are in	Two people are hiking in the snow.
trail. along moving Skiiers a	Skiiers moving along a trail.
tall the A through grass. dog runs	A dog runs through the tall grass.
dogs brown playing in Two water	Two brown dogs playing in water
pole. girl sliding A down black young a	A young girl sliding down a black pole.
in dog brown over is it. follows leaping while log and behind A field white dog another a a	A brown and white dog is leaping over a log in a field while another dog follows behind it.
the with field dark in a multilple in dog colored A birds running background.	A dark colored dog running in a field with multilple birds in the background.
spotted along brown catch ball. runs dog A and the to a snow white	A white and brown spotted dog runs along the snow to catch a ball.
A a dog setting. in fetching brown stick country a is	A brown dog is fetching a stick in a country setting.
Man desert wearing red on at looks	Man wearing red looks on at desert
talking a laughing. next bus standing Four and and to teenagers	Four teenagers standing next to a bus and talking and laughing.
a boardwalk People off fishing of	People fishing off of a boardwalk
reflective Three drink men at bar. a	Three men drink at a reflective bar.
ball. a to A tries small dog catch red	A small dog tries to catch a red ball.
to corn. next man yellow cob woman of A in a sitting a with	A woman in yellow sitting next to a man with a cob of corn.
plays player a Sooners football 50 game. in number	Sooners football player number 50 plays in a game.
white of the the in front building. The man wall standing is on	The man is standing on the white wall in front of the building.
man sells fruit. a	a man sells fruit.
his with up stands the car in hand air. driver race pointing A	A race car driver stands up with his hand pointing in the air.
skates. is helping person a on Older ice child	Older person is helping a child on ice skates.
A of man standing a in front crowd.	A man standing in front of a crowd.
in children are dog bedroll. Two a a and	Two children and a dog are in a bedroll.
wearing football uniform orange tackling white player a uniforms a players in are	football players wearing orange uniforms are tackling a player in a white uniform
cap. of asian wearing A a center is sports baseball women in the attire, group and one in woman	A group of asian women in sports attire, and one woman in the center is wearing a baseball cap.
man poles. A around dog with by running a plays	A dog plays with a man by running around poles.
man a the hat in in mans back one another flips over grass.	one man in a hat flips over another mans back in the grass.
through The field. runs the brown dog	The brown dog runs through the field.
at A a ice the mother child and sit on rink. crowded	A mother and child sit on the ice at a crowded rink.
a outfit belt doing haired karate. in child and red A blond black	A blond haired child in a black outfit and red belt doing karate.
ladies pose fashioned an old Two to skimpy next in clothes car.	Two ladies in skimpy clothes pose next to an old fashioned car.
on dogs Several the are grass. in racing muzzles	Several dogs in muzzles are racing on the grass.
a blue shirt man A in a cigarette. smoking	A man in a blue shirt smoking a cigarette.
checks a out A beautiful wearing. the man is woman necklace	A man checks out the beautiful necklace a woman is wearing.
playground. plays as supports man at boy a A a he	A man supports a boy as he plays at a playground.
a man docking A is boat	A man is docking a boat
day. the during widespread owl has its and wings An up	An owl has its wings up and widespread during the day.
a furry hairy on chews dog toy. Big on lying a bone while	Big hairy dog chews on a bone while lying on a furry toy.
a A woman club. taking golf is a swing with	A woman is taking a swing with a golf club.
a its hanging dog a under men rope. by mouth from Two	Two men under a dog hanging by its mouth from a rope.
red toy waking its tree. brown with a in and icey dog snow in A white an near the black, mouth	A black, white and brown dog waking in the snow with a red toy in its mouth near an icey tree.
a covered soft material. kid jumping is with structure A on	A kid is jumping on a structure covered with soft material.
Men playing football.	Men playing football.
sand dogs beach. in the the Two at playing	Two dogs playing in the sand at the beach.
away a people of group street jumping in A	A group of people jumping away in a street
player on is a court hand. running in his tennis the racquet his with	a tennis player is running on the court with his racquet in his hand.
The on dog grass. is running	The dog is running on grass.
A Lacrosse of night. group playing at men	A group of men playing Lacrosse at night.
kids are hut. a Two in young	Two young kids are in a hut.
young on a while side jumping another innertube. a with stands girl pool an the into	a young girl jumping into a pool while another stands on the side with an innertube.
wearing wearing glasses baby a blue. The man holds	The man wearing glasses holds a baby wearing blue.
tomatos. of throw while in her a out girl cut has wooden ship people a pirate A head	A girl has her head in a wooden cut out of a pirate ship while people throw tomatos.
boys Two play grass the in rods. swords with	Two boys play swords in the grass with rods.
garage. front A a standing of in man	A man standing in front of a garage.
dogs are other Two some grass. playing while fighting running with each and through	Two dogs are fighting and playing with each other while running through some grass.
A crowd. performs before biker a	A biker performs before a crowd.
fighting. lizards Two	Two lizards fighting.
a Two like woman is that at a ball. curved mirror point	Two woman point at a mirror that is curved like a ball.
skirt, naked, boys, sand. the one run Two on a in one	Two boys, one naked, one in a skirt, run on the sand.
a riding marathon. through bicycles A group of people are	A group of people are riding bicycles through a marathon.
white plays dog dog grass. A the brown on a green spotted with	A white spotted dog plays with a brown dog on the green grass.
runs dog get A his grass the across to toy.	A dog runs across the grass to get his toy.
boy as is Krueger. dressed A Freddy	A boy is dressed as Freddy Krueger.
white and midair does black in a person bike. a on A tricks suit green	A person in a green and white suit does tricks midair on a black bike.
A gallery. glasses stands art in her wearing head an woman on	A woman wearing glasses on her head stands in an art gallery.
a on in is blue bike. A man and pink	A man in blue and pink is on a bike.
backpack woman eating hot in a a with shirt a blue dog. A	A woman in a blue shirt with a backpack eating a hot dog.
in in tree. smiling Blond, a sitting denim coat, boy a	Blond, smiling boy in a denim coat, sitting in a tree.
an walkway. girl a approaches brick adult on A young	A young girl approaches an adult on a brick walkway.
a Men crowd watches. play as football	Men play football as a crowd watches.
dog runs behind dog the dark brown a grass. in A yellow	A dark brown dog runs behind a yellow dog in the grass.
taking uniform with A young martial exposition. a in part red black a arts boy sash wearing a	A young boy wearing a black uniform with a red sash taking part in a martial arts exposition.
through in on A the ground binoculars. forest the looking girl sitting	A girl sitting on the ground in the forest looking through binoculars.
down boy the The hill comes red in the wagon.	The boy comes down the hill in the red wagon.
Skateboarder building. of jumping stairs down	Skateboarder jumping down stairs of building.
A little rides at train a on girl looking brochure	A little girl looking at a brochure on train rides
biting A a rear man's dog	A dog biting a man's rear
wall. grey wearing stone is A a free-climbing dark-haired shirt man brown a	A dark-haired man wearing a brown shirt is free-climbing a grey stone wall.
umbrella, an and all watch. walks and as carrying others A girl down in white, the black street,	A girl all in black and white, and carrying an umbrella, walks down the street, as others watch.
in jacket one brown girl shirt one on in boys and green bench. red Two and a tie a a a and a shirt in blue	Two boys one in a green shirt and one in a blue shirt and a girl in a red jacket and tie on a brown bench.
a man stands sits woman by. a and a guitarist before while and playing dance microphones, A boy	A guitarist sits playing before microphones, while a man and a boy dance and a woman stands by.
A through black sandy surf beach. dog on a runs	A black dog runs through surf on a sandy beach.
game. One red a shirt another a man falling, in watches blue shirt during man is a soccer while in	One man in a red shirt is falling, while another man in a blue shirt watches during a soccer game.
of camera, shopping away people leaping cart a and from the alongside. group four prance another one A pushing	A group of four people prance away from the camera, one pushing a shopping cart and another leaping alongside.
a A shore, person a wall, over climbing a rope. using is rocky cliff	A person is climbing a cliff wall, over a rocky shore, using a rope.
and is dog outside. a branch chewing black a There on white	There is a black and white dog chewing on a branch outside.
football is about Oklahoma player score. to An	An Oklahoma football player is about to score.
a jumping front in a over skier of The tree. mound pine snowy is	The skier is jumping over a snowy mound in front of a pine tree.
next A cars to a are road standing the where woman road blurry. is on the	A woman is standing next to a road where the cars on the road are blurry.
wearing people a helicopter. group a orange of watch large vests fire A near	A group of people wearing orange vests watch a large fire near a helicopter.
A a in skateboard skateboarding boy park. is	A boy is skateboarding in a skateboard park.
in A wetsuit a red a in building. man and bright walks helmet front of	A man in a wetsuit and helmet walks in front of a bright red building.
colorful A boy runs on lines.	A boy runs on colorful lines.
while pebbles. legs sitting woman on a of a the leans laughing on of A bed man lying	A laughing woman leans on the legs of a sitting man while lying on a bed of pebbles.
dressed set a standing in men Five tuxedos on of stairs	Five men dressed in tuxedos standing on a set of stairs
a A over the motorbiker he dirt hill flies woods. an stunt in aerial racer performs as	A motorbiker racer performs an aerial stunt as he flies over a dirt hill in the woods.
A to eat tan something. a bird stands about on ledge	A tan bird stands on a ledge about to eat something.
white standing building Four people wearing a in costumes. front colorful of are	Four people are standing in front of a white building wearing colorful costumes.
with ready down an assist. balance A beam adult a little walking to girl	A little girl walking down a balance beam with an adult ready to assist.
a older a An a sitting woman glass. holding table in restaraunt, at	An older woman sitting at a table in a restaraunt, holding a glass.
after ramp. the skier is going The off airborne	The skier is airborne after going off the ramp.
markings with dogs Two playing. white brown	Two white dogs with brown markings playing.
boy is playground. a at through looking A young binoculars	A young boy is looking through binoculars at a playground.
jumping the and white a Frisbee black air to a catch in dog	a black and white dog jumping in the air to catch a Frisbee
skiing. young is The cross-country girl	The young girl is cross-country skiing.
large bird gray A to begins and flight. white take	A large gray and white bird begins to take flight.
walking is grass. green in white The dog furry small the	The small furry white dog is walking in the green grass.
together. in pool are an indoor teenagers swimming The	The teenagers are swimming in an indoor pool together.
waves Man gay camera boys pride parade wearing boys will at during shirt do	Man wearing boys will do boys shirt waves at camera during gay pride parade
plate. Two and playing sliding to the is girls softball home are one	Two girls are playing softball and one is sliding to the home plate.
vision a a of top. of bike rider hill A blurred front in	A blurred vision of a bike rider in front of a hill top.
stand A silver a woman by bicycles car. with and man	A man and woman with bicycles stand by a silver car.
street. a group with older in of at vest a other the red people An woman	An older woman in a red vest with a group of other people at the street.
a in line distant bridge people a walking acroos several	several people walking in a line acroos a distant bridge
protective curb gear. A child inline skates and sits a with on	A child sits on a curb with inline skates and protective gear.
in tries its catch dog snowball mouth. a A to	A dog tries to catch a snowball in its mouth.
fluffy. and on dog brown white dark A something chews	A dark brown dog chews on something white and fluffy.
picture blond-haired boy brown-haired This tire swinging a swing. and shows on a while smiling boy	This picture shows a blond-haired boy and brown-haired boy smiling while swinging on a tire swing.
a of a shirts window. pink in store on the on bear front sign children Two and in with the	Two children in pink shirts in front of a store with a bear on the sign and on the window.
bench. is in shirt sitting red brown on The woman a the bright	The woman in the brown shirt is sitting on a bright red bench.
lake. rocky a a trail by A man bike a astride on stands	A man stands astride a bike on a rocky trail by a lake.
pink railing. man skateboards off A a young	A young man skateboards off a pink railing.
A trousers a through green in blond fence. peeks toddler	A blond toddler in green trousers peeks through a fence.
people blue Two motorcycle. on a	Two people on a blue motorcycle.
on women two walk the sidewalk.	two women walk on the sidewalk.
leash. by plaza, sign A a a man holds in in on dog accompanied jacket quilted a a brick a white	A man in a white quilted jacket holds a sign in a brick plaza, accompanied by a dog on a leash.
and camera Mother son for grin the	Mother and son grin for the camera
grass. in girl A the jumping	A girl jumping in the grass.
man wrestling around A in is ring. a throwing another	A man is throwing another around in a wrestling ring.
hole ice. a the in man drilling A	A man drilling a hole in the ice.
with dog a on brown playing a Man dirt path.	Man playing with a brown dog on a dirt path.
woman a with of are a a man car. front with hat and A in sunglasses	A man with sunglasses and a woman with a hat are in front of a car.
with ball a the plays in dog a black water.	a black dog plays with a ball in the water.
a woman a large riding white surfboard on surfer a wave	a woman surfer on a white surfboard riding a large wave
the wearing boy little blue The with shirt chopsticks. eating is	The little boy wearing the blue shirt is eating with chopsticks.
and A a dog ball.	A dog and a ball.
black a car. dog in A asleep	A black dog asleep in a car.
A scratches he the is and talking groom his head. to bridge	A bridge is talking to the groom and he scratches his head.
swimming in a boy pool. A	A boy in a swimming pool.
spinning blue a yellow merry-go-round. and boy A on	A boy spinning on a blue and yellow merry-go-round.
tractor is The hanging girl the of equipment. off	The girl is hanging off of the tractor equipment.
man shoulder down a cows paved the dirt road. A of leads two	A man leads two cows down the dirt shoulder of a paved road.
is of man boys. the two hands holding The	The man is holding the hands of two boys.
a with skateboard. air jumping Boy the in	Boy jumping in the air with a skateboard.
fluffy runs in grass. dog A	A fluffy dog runs in grass.
Brown dog ramp. runs down	Brown dog runs down ramp.
on position above a strange stands some high rock man A trees. a in	A man stands in a strange position on a rock high above some trees.
over has the A fallen on street night at man	A man has fallen over on the street at night
running dog through a A creek.	A dog running through a creek.
A swimming with dog a brown stick.	A brown dog swimming with a stick.
a on girl pick swinging up a air a swing in in the shirt set young	a young girl in a pick shirt swinging up in the air on a swing set
Two dogs a bone. fight over	Two dogs fight over a bone.
in dog orange The has its brown mouth. an ball	The brown dog has an orange ball in its mouth.
one a something. street, to men are Two standing in appears be throwing	Two men are standing in a street, one appears to be throwing something.
open across a towards large walking space hikers are a mountain. Five	Five hikers are walking across a large open space towards a mountain.
through swimming A boy him. water and running child another cap wearing behind a swimming with goggles	A boy wearing a swimming cap and goggles running through water with another child swimming behind him.
blue through in bag. plastic clothing A a man the sorts contents of	A man in blue clothing sorts through the contents of a plastic bag.
grassy brown running and through a black dog field. a large	a brown and black dog running through a large grassy field.
A popping a in wheelie person on parkinglot. motorcycle a a	A person on a motorcycle popping a wheelie in a parkinglot.
ATV. an Two girls riding	Two girls riding an ATV.
man and A out grey shirt with looks plaid a over balcony. a hair	A man with grey hair and a plaid shirt looks out over a balcony.
large cat with a dog laying small A	A small cat laying with a large dog
dead brown The dog white the and are playing in grass.	The white and brown dog are playing in the dead grass.
for while second ball waits into the runner the A shortstop base slides	A runner slides into second base while the shortstop waits for the ball
A ball tennis hitting player the	A tennis player hitting the ball
the ramp. bike a rider A above in air	A bike rider in the air above a ramp.
young riding is A bike. boy a	A young boy is riding a bike.
young while posing Two in vests. a smiling ride a boat floatation together they girls are fair wearing	Two young fair girls are smiling a posing together while they ride in a boat wearing floatation vests.
a colapsable tunnel. playing in fabric little kids Two	Two little kids playing in a colapsable fabric tunnel.
pink A white black a and Frisbee on is a court. at dog looking	A black and white dog is looking at a pink Frisbee on a court.
tourists stand mouth group statue. a A hand lady of as near around her of a the puts	A group of tourists stand around as a lady puts her hand near the mouth of a statue.
his the A harness water. in in in holds standing dog mouth a stick a while	A dog in a harness holds a stick in his mouth while standing in the water.
outside couple A standing a street	A couple standing outside a street
water. a in boat the floats	a boat floats in the water.
airborne male a bicycle. on A	A male airborne on a bicycle.
a has redheaded pool. in boy come just up from water the A under	A redheaded boy has just come up from under the water in a pool.
play in boys two rain. soccer the	two boys play soccer in the rain.
a in brown and swimming dog water white	a brown and white dog swimming in water
black the sand. off dog A leaping	A black dog leaping off the sand.
stretched blue uniform legs midair out. Ballplayer in with	Ballplayer in blue uniform midair with legs stretched out.
water. paddles a fallen has into boat while A person the another	A person paddles a boat while another has fallen into the water.
water. in playing dog A	A dog playing in water.
A a cone. walking past road headphones wearing is woman	A woman wearing headphones is walking past a road cone.
black dogs running Two	Two black dogs running
TV front laying is in the of Someone eating food.	Someone is laying in front of the TV eating food.
packed a small of and into group A boat. possessions large people	A large group of people and possessions packed into a small boat.
on walks the black sand. dog a	a black dog walks on the sand.
Two corndogs wagon or small eating toddlers a in are bin.	Two toddlers are eating corndogs in a small wagon or bin.
someone dog from it A to a mouth. dog with pull tries as playing its toy	A dog playing with a dog toy as someone tries to pull it from its mouth.
Boy and in shirt camouflage jumping orange pants up	Boy in orange shirt and camouflage pants jumping up
up is the squirrel in sitting a There grass.	There is a squirrel sitting up in the grass.
a wearing crest Surfer at of wave. the wetsuit a	Surfer wearing a wetsuit at the crest of a wave.
priest on talking A street blue a cellphone. a down walking the carrying small bag	A priest carrying a small blue bag walking down the street talking on a cellphone.
and rocks near buggys line green dune of on A gravel a trees. pine red and road large	A line of green and red dune buggys on a gravel road near rocks and large pine trees.
snow. helps climber another One the in	One climber helps another in the snow.
of biting A a tail the dog cow.	A dog biting the tail of a cow.
stream. rocky a a across People rope bridge over walk	People walk across a rope bridge over a rocky stream.
man behind water and young them. beach run boys on Two young a with one	Two young boys and one young man run on a beach with water behind them.
cigarette woman in hand. the with standing is a coat black in her The	The woman in the black coat is standing with a cigarette in her hand.
small large on dog. A brown his has paw black a dog	A large black dog has his paw on a small brown dog.
is stunt surfer the performing jumping A ocean. a in	A surfer is performing a jumping stunt in the ocean.
a women street. city in Three dancing	Three women dancing in a city street.
a and Four children jump hands into pool. hold	Four children hold hands and jump into a pool.
his paddle holding a man A playing in a uniform a head. sport green over	A man playing a sport in a green uniform holding a paddle over his head.
beach. dogs Three a on are black	Three black dogs are on a beach.
is another beach a child man throwing child air An while the at a watches. into adult	An adult man is throwing a child into the air at a beach while another child watches.
Person's on dog. fluffy resting black foot	Person's foot resting on fluffy black dog.
red The a small in toy car. child is and yellow sitting	The small child is sitting in a red and yellow toy car.
red child in snow. a sits disc the A on	A child sits on a red disc in the snow.
female player in is white the in the red challenging for ball. basket player The	The female basket player in red is challenging the player in white for the ball.
is surrounded A balls. child smiling colored by	A smiling child is surrounded by colored balls.
sled. child on A a plastic	A child on a plastic sled.
crowd in talks other Coach player, with football and players background.	Coach talks with football player, other players and crowd in background.
face. rock colored is woman hiking an orange A towards	A woman is hiking towards an orange colored rock face.
a cut child with head cow. out of a A her in	A child with her head in a cut out of a cow.
soccer A ball the with on player a sunny advances day.	A soccer player advances with the ball on a sunny day.
climbing rock lone rock wall a climber a	a lone rock climber climbing a rock wall
dog is brown the walking on A grass.	A brown dog is walking on the grass.
dog man a a on A and overlooking hill water. stand	A man and a dog stand on a hill overlooking water.
A dog is field. a white grassy running across	A white dog is running across a grassy field.
jacket in backwards Person skiing ski red	Person in red ski jacket skiing backwards
A on perched shaped boy mushroom a fountain. is	A boy is perched on a mushroom shaped fountain.
girl Park poses for in at Kerry blonde picture A Seattle. a	A blonde girl poses for a picture at Kerry Park in Seattle.
dirt. light A a dog of wall climbing	A light dog climbing a wall of dirt.
a black the woods. running dog in trail a brown and on	a brown and black dog running on a trail in the woods.
women Two wraps. in head	Two women in head wraps.
yellow on fair big ride a young several people riding	several young people riding on a big yellow fair ride
grassy ball jumping a A catch tennis a dog multicolor to in field.	A multicolor dog jumping to catch a tennis ball in a grassy field.
boy for up A winding a pitch.	A boy winding up for a pitch.
while track stand riding others Person track on by dirt bike	Person riding dirt bike on track while others stand by track
of play A group rugby. men	A group of men play rugby.
ramp. ollies off a a skateboarder	a skateboarder ollies off a ramp.
Two bite each water and stand mouths. in dogs other's	Two dogs stand in water and bite each other's mouths.
skateboarder hovering a ramp, grab located A which is city. a is trick within performing while above a	A skateboarder is performing a grab trick while hovering above a ramp, which is located within a city.
a three boys by computer. stand	three boys stand by a computer.
with hide man animal coat and bearded hat. A	A bearded man with animal hide coat and hat.
with a wedding taking A photo wedding their couple party.	A couple taking a wedding photo with their wedding party.
Two a hallway. a front men, one wearing while the in in points, standing hat black one	Two men, one wearing a black hat while the one in front points, standing in a hallway.
kneels child arms. raises A and his	A child kneels and raises his arms.
a A girl sliding pole down	A girl sliding down a pole
one their man young hand leg two holding in	two young man holding one leg in their hand
dog with a wrestles gray brown dog. and A white	A brown and white dog wrestles with a gray dog.
on boys the road a bikes of ride young neighborhood. Two small	Two young boys ride small bikes on the road of a neighborhood.
shirt in bicycle. tricks a a on person doing A red	A person in a red shirt doing tricks on a bicycle.
each side A a small a man and sitting of table. on woman metal	A man and a woman sitting on each side of a small metal table.
blue mouth. in dog ball orange water, with Brown in and	Brown dog in water, with orange and blue ball in mouth.
A snowboarder. a crowd watching	A crowd watching a snowboarder.
camera. dog The brown a is on a away and the black facing from and field leash in	The black and brown dog is on a leash in a field and facing away from the camera.
is chocolate the candles girl blowing out cake. the The on	The girl is blowing out the candles on the chocolate cake.
softball A a child with a runs lawn. a in grassy woman after	A woman with a softball runs after a child in a grassy lawn.
tongue walking out. brown is with a path dog The its grassy along	The brown dog is walking along a grassy path with its tongue out.
with black with dressed brown dog. man stick weather A plays his a cold for and	A man dressed for cold weather plays with a stick with his black and brown dog.
unicycle checked Person watches. riding in crowd while shirt	Person in checked shirt riding unicycle while crowd watches.
water. A the dog in plays	A dog plays in the water.
fence. ramp shirt wearing green A beside is a a white a on man skateboarding	A man wearing a green shirt is skateboarding on a ramp beside a white fence.
standing near Man rocks ocean. the on of edge an	Man standing on the edge of rocks near an ocean.
riding on boy an body-board in orange ocean. is A the	A boy is riding on an orange body-board in the ocean.
dress an ferris is wearing wheel. woman on orange The riding the	The woman is wearing an orange dress riding on the ferris wheel.
small snow follows. blue wearing child along a a dog runs while coat the A	A child wearing a blue coat runs along the snow while a small dog follows.
and young in posing two red beer three bottles. t-shirt women Man with	Man in red t-shirt posing with two young women and three beer bottles.
A the on a posing hiker in mountains. high cliff	A hiker posing on a cliff high in the mountains.
lake. man a A rope red swinging shorts a over on in	A man in red shorts swinging on a rope over a lake.
pulling shirt a the wearing she is on necklace girl A is red wearing.	A girl wearing a red shirt is pulling on the necklace she is wearing.
beach riding on with tourists a wakeboarders some waves busy	some wakeboarders riding waves on a beach busy with tourists
a handstand performs a red Boy jacket wearing on the grass.	Boy wearing a red jacket performs a handstand on the grass.
The in goaltender is front crouching of the goal.	The goaltender is crouching in front of the goal.
a about round mill a desk. are People with large	People mill about a large are with a round desk.
A woman black in a fiddle. holding is tights	A woman in black tights is holding a fiddle.
people balloons a with hill. Two climb	Two people with balloons climb a hill.
vest. froup wearing man an of pulling a sled dogs a orange	a froup of sled dogs pulling a man wearing an orange vest.
Boy water outdoor sprays. plays in	Boy plays in outdoor water sprays.
helmets a group football around A of shirt. a in players purple in stand gold man	A group of football players in gold helmets stand around a man in a purple shirt.
headband near in backpack. with lady the A is snow a a red	A lady with a headband is in the snow near a red backpack.
dresses bald in queens Two red drag	Two bald drag queens in red dresses
race field. dogs through a Two	Two dogs race through a field.
with A play and a a ball. dog yellow man	A man and a dog play with a yellow ball.
is black swimming dark in and water. skin murky hair with boy A	A boy with black hair and dark skin is swimming in murky water.
other the a grey jumping while in tan one deck on dog is the pool dog	one tan dog jumping in a pool while the other grey dog is on the deck
A a the collar grass. blue white walks dog through with black and	A black and white dog with a blue collar walks through the grass.
dogs sheep grass with the in run white two field background. Two in a black	Two black dogs run in a grass field with two white sheep in the background.
waves wearing baby Muslim white a A flag. a gown	A baby wearing a white gown waves a Muslim flag.
park. is A swinging child happily in redheaded	A redheaded child is happily swinging in park.
a boy A onto camouflage coat a snowboard. jumping is in	A boy in a camouflage coat is jumping onto a snowboard.
and over out A a mountain. cliff another man sits looks on	A man sits on a cliff and looks out over another mountain.
man holds camera. a a wearing blue	a man wearing blue holds a camera.
in a a A Spain hair. her and streaks with red shirt purple man with woman	A man with a red Spain shirt and a woman with purple streaks in her hair.
to air. is ball ready flying catch yellow the a through white dog A	A white dog is ready to catch a yellow ball flying through the air.
surfers a wave. ride Two	Two surfers ride a wave.
in dog leaps colored light A field. a	A light colored dog leaps in a field.
swing Three play children set. on a	Three children play on a swing set.
toward pink dresses Girls a cruise in walk ship	Girls in pink dresses walk toward a cruise ship
side a of Two beach people the top cliff. at	Two people at the top of a beach side cliff.
through running The is snow. dog the	The dog is running through the snow.
of boy mud. pile a in A	A boy in a pile of mud.
a pool. and swimming in white swims brown dog The	The brown and white dog swims in a swimming pool.
dog of water. is A body a	A dog is a body of water.
with their Three people taking cameras pictures	Three people taking pictures with their cameras
his blue boy the with young stands swing A practices seats. in bat while	A young boy practices his bat swing while in the stands with blue seats.
Two in blue laugh. dresses little girls	Two little girls in blue dresses laugh.
at a a sitting sunset. wooden on people Two lake on are dock	Two people are sitting on a wooden dock on a lake at sunset.
field. A runs a through dog	A dog runs through a field.
on on while dog chews Brown the rug. laying bone	Brown dog chews on bone while laying on the rug.
girls talk Two at ice an rink. skating	Two girls talk at an ice skating rink.
a away while uses little little stands girl telescope object to nearby A a and an far view boy watches.	A little boy uses a telescope to view an object far away while a little girl stands nearby and watches.
a into sand young A in red at playground. leaping boy	A young boy in red leaping into sand at a playground.
a the walking large its is water in carrying dog mouth. through A stick	A dog is walking through the water carrying a large stick in its mouth.
walking down a a woman is Chrismas near A lights. sidewalk coat in	A woman in a coat is walking down a sidewalk near Chrismas lights.
as dog jumps a owner the disk watches Frisbee air in for the A	A dog jumps in the air for a Frisbee disk as the owner watches
laptop people sitting counter Three are a computers. at using	Three people are sitting at a counter using laptop computers.
bathing splashing suits Kids around them. in water with	Kids in bathing suits with water splashing around them.
while writes next man bike. a crate A note sitting a and to a	A man writes a note while sitting next to a crate and a bike.
black grassy field runs a dong across A	A black dong runs across a grassy field
a man a over A on crashes surfboard. wave huge	A huge wave crashes over a man on a surfboard.
soccer towards the a flying making is player goal. kick A	A soccer player is making a flying kick towards the goal.
in A of small tub girl water. a	A small girl in a tub of water.
A guy backpack with on. a	A guy with a backpack on.
A tall girl hurdles.	A tall girl hurdles.
a brown fenced, chasing black and a A dog after area. bull muddy in	A black and brown dog chasing after a bull in a fenced, muddy area.
the The blue small girl car. driving is little	The little girl is driving the small blue car.
formation. child a on A rock	A child on a rock formation.
A downhill a skier through leaning turn. slalom	A downhill slalom skier leaning through a turn.
a walking river. a weimaraner with through A male clipped is tail	A male weimaraner with a clipped tail is walking through a river.
hang shirt others watched. rock three man the to in onto red the tried A while	A man in the red shirt tried to hang onto the rock while three others watched.
and is running plants flowers. person large of a past A display	A person is running past a large display of plants and flowers.
women african brown bright head orange in and Three scarves. dresses dressed american and are	Three african american women are dressed in bright orange and brown dresses and head scarves.
A hind and Frisbee on his is dog near a legs is the ground.	A dog is on his hind legs and a Frisbee is near the ground.
air. A in skier kicking snow goes down upside the	A skier goes upside down kicking snow in the air.
pit. a in ball playing Children	Children playing in a ball pit.
building people yellow everywhere. down large of red sitting group with and A a inside lights are	A large group of people are sitting down inside a building with red and yellow lights everywhere.
sitting green her sculpture. drink next holding bag is on a with a to white Woman a	Woman holding a drink with a white bag next to her is sitting on a green sculpture.
a children up Four run small hill.	Four children run up a small hill.
cattle of dog A animal. the an nips leg	A cattle dog nips the leg of an animal.
A hill over on a a person bicycle. jumping	A person jumping over a hill on a bicycle.
wearing and skirts woman stand Two smile. together	Two woman wearing skirts stand together and smile.
beach. is near on running girl The the sand the	The girl is running on the sand near the beach.
cream toddler brown A and petting is a pony. colored	A toddler is petting a brown and cream colored pony.
dog man life jacket a in cockpit. on with a the A in boat sitting a	A dog in a life jacket sitting on a boat with a man in the cockpit.
a young A in beach. the sand girl on plays	A young girl plays in the sand on a beach.
behind brown him. dog A the dog stands lies while floor on black a	A black dog lies on the floor while a brown dog stands behind him.
of the walking child ahead is other. One	One child is walking ahead of the other.
A skier	A skier
a stand women clothing tropical young Several stage. on in	Several young women in tropical clothing stand on a stage.
sit at park bench a older women Two on park. the	Two older women sit on a park bench at the park.
Two canoes on on lake. men a	Two men on canoes on a lake.
a hill A airborne. person of the top bike a off is rides and	A person rides a bike off the top of a hill and is airborne.
women them. smiling behind paintings are with Three	Three women are smiling with paintings behind them.
the A long white neck flying bird low with water over a	A white bird with a long neck flying low over the water
A crashing stands wave. a in surfer	A surfer stands in a crashing wave.
beach. young boy A girl the on posing and	A young boy and girl posing on the beach.
and Four jumping. running boys	Four boys running and jumping.
coat and the little a amongst standing A wearing boy hat on is blue street. the pigeons	A little boy wearing a blue hat and coat is standing amongst the pigeons on the street.
bubble. boy a his puts Asian large head inside	Asian boy puts his head inside a large bubble.
watching man dog throwing and stick	man throwing stick and dog watching
jumping A black dog an over obstacle.	A black dog jumping over an obstacle.
girls walking a in tree front building. are a brick by of Two	Two girls are walking by a tree in front of a brick building.
ground, off its from body. rocky a on shakes dog, water A brown	A brown dog, on a rocky ground, shakes off water from its body.
surfing person A green wave. in a	A person in green surfing a wave.
The tennis up holds the ball. anticipating racket his player	The tennis player holds his racket up anticipating the ball.
head. its shaking A dog brown	A brown dog shaking its head.
floor a near play glass doors. clear wood on basketball Boys	Boys play basketball on a wood floor near clear glass doors.
the on grass. brown A a slurps from water sprinkler dog	A brown dog slurps water from a sprinkler on the grass.
backyard at table. sitting a Child picnic	Child sitting at a backyard picnic table.
A in woman grass. holding a ball small running boy a chases the	A woman holding a ball chases a small boy running in the grass.
persons those a in women one holding watching shirts, people Two of white sword.	Two women watching people in white shirts, one of those persons holding a sword.
A its up grass. runs with on dog ears brown	A dog with its ears up runs on brown grass.
man in in a a walks A cowboy store. department hat	A man in a cowboy hat walks in a department store.
back. tennis A girl wearing swings white racket her	A girl wearing white swings her tennis racket back.
with and dog stick. white The green collar a brown a is biting	The brown and white dog with a green collar is biting a stick.
playing beach. in Four are the volleyball bikinis on women	Four women in bikinis are playing volleyball on the beach.
on A outside with in building the red front. sitting people lawn	A red building with people sitting outside on the lawn in front.
the man camera. A woman and smile a for	A man and a woman smile for the camera.
a A Frisbee. plays dog with and a boy	A boy plays with a dog and a Frisbee.
crash waves girl next is ocean. that walking A to small the the in	A girl is walking next to the small waves that crash in the ocean.
wearing is working worker hardhat inside a a A cave.	A worker wearing a hardhat is working inside a cave.
through at mud some wake a Two girls park.	Two girls wake through some mud at a park.
ribbons hair A young girl with yawning.	A young girl with hair ribbons yawning.
a meal beach. making while shirtless on camping the A man	A shirtless man making a meal while camping on the beach.
bright a A eye colored and kid young bandanna. patch wears an	A young kid wears an eye patch and a bright colored bandanna.
a Three during pull snow. race the in sled a dogs	Three dogs pull a sled during a race in the snow.
table wisks are a taxi of by. around a food and People gathering outside	People are gathering around a table of food and outside a taxi wisks by.
man on A a over a is jumping skateboard barrel	A man is jumping over a barrel on a skateboard
a shirt and graffiti. runs boy A shorts by young in blue red	A young boy in blue shorts and a red shirt runs by graffiti.
on soccer are boys the Three playing grass. young	Three young boys are playing soccer on the grass.
in game men a jumping basketball Four	Four men jumping in a basketball game
goes Green and black wall car race. at into	Green and black car goes into wall at race.
the on other dogs sand running owner beach by the while looks at beach. A his on the dog the	A dog running on the sand by the beach while his owner looks at the other dogs on the beach.
red crowd a There a with hand blowup jacket a smiling red is girl a on behind and her. her in	There is a girl in a red jacket smiling with her hand on a red blowup and a crowd behind her.
shirt the hand woman her The raised. has orange in	The woman in the orange shirt has her hand raised.
There its toy green black is a in mouth. a catching dog	There is a black dog catching a green toy in its mouth.
teenage boy teenage ride a A another piggy in a forest. gives boy back	A teenage boy gives another teenage boy a piggy back ride in a forest.
air is the The performing bicycle. a in high trick with man a	The man is performing a trick high in the air with a bicycle.
wave. a on surfing is wearing black and suit a woman blue A striped	A woman wearing a black and blue striped suit is surfing on a wave.
lightsaber the boy in street. A holding the jumps a of middle	A boy holding a lightsaber jumps in the middle of the street.
mountain. rocky man rock snowy, A is up climbing a	A man is rock climbing up a snowy, rocky mountain.
bench to one jumps A another. woman from young	A young woman jumps from one bench to another.
is a curve. helmet board riding a A wearing concrete his grey skateboarder along	A skateboarder wearing a grey helmet is riding his board along a concrete curve.
blue A group way its of from people a ride turn. on a coaster down roller	A group of people ride a blue roller coaster on its way down from a turn.
in a a A man shoots hat handgun. dark	A man in a dark hat shoots a handgun.
speaks Man red shirt microphone in into	Man in red shirt speaks into microphone
A sand. on running white dog	A white dog running on sand.
in A the water. wet with a toy dog, playing	A wet dog, playing with a toy in the water.
Mountain trail. a bike dirt on riders	Mountain bike riders on a dirt trail.
of waiting game. A for line people in a group	A group of people waiting in line for a game.
wearing and young fight the yellow blue for uniforms players ball. football Two	Two young football players wearing blue and yellow uniforms fight for the ball.
A jockey wooden a blue fence. a a in dirt gallops chestnut track on horse past	A jockey in blue gallops a chestnut horse on a dirt track past a wooden fence.
A black poodle snow. frolics the in	A black poodle frolics in the snow.
a A a woman rides bike on dirt path.	A woman rides a bike on a dirt path.
mouths ends opposite with dogs holding swimming. of their a Two toy	Two dogs holding opposite ends of a toy with their mouths swimming.
playing soccer. a green A jersey little wearing boy	A little boy wearing a green jersey playing soccer.
thrown horse. A headfirst rodeo rider from being a	A rodeo rider being thrown headfirst from a horse.
to hair a a sit talks by in purple hat. a fountain, guy People guy with a	People sit by a fountain, a guy with purple hair talks to a guy in a hat.
dog a panting A on day. during hard sunny brown is grass	A brown dog is panting hard on grass during a sunny day.
a the A small dog dog next stand counter and investigate. large kitchen to to	A large dog and a small dog stand next to the kitchen counter to investigate.
small where outside on a dog grass running is through white black A and small of playing. the right dirt of two people dog the are patch another	A small white dog is running through the dirt right on the outside of a patch of grass where two people and another small black dog are playing.
background playing house softball with white Young girl in	Young girl playing softball with white house in background
background. swimming are woman a Two underwater boys with the in	Two boys are swimming underwater with a woman in the background.
on lot with A is in a race a a debri. person track car	A person is in a race car on a track with a lot debri.
a a suit large in climbing up man dressed A Santa is building. concrete	A man dressed in a Santa suit is climbing up a large concrete building.
his sitting A bike man on at with parked rail. bench the a	A man sitting on a bench with his bike parked at the rail.
from gym. jungle hanging A a girl young	A young girl hanging from a jungle gym.
leaps over log. black A a dog	A black dog leaps over a log.
white A front in audience. Collie of and Frisbee a catches an Border black	A black and white Border Collie catches a Frisbee in front of an audience.
are and wearing headbands street. in There different the women dresses three dancing	There are three women wearing different dresses and headbands dancing in the street.
A a off huge flies jump. snowboarder	A snowboarder flies off a huge jump.
her friend girl taking one of a picture	one girl taking a picture of her friend
out of The dog hanging is his running tongue with mouth. his	The dog is running with his tongue hanging out of his mouth.
a at Baby beach. sitting	Baby sitting at a beach.
in the the a fence background. wrestle link grass chain with in Two dogs	Two dogs wrestle in the grass with a chain link fence in the background.
trampoline jumping a on a Two backyard. in girls	Two girls jumping on a trampoline in a backyard.
ramp A his a skateboarder skate park. in riding on board a is	A skateboarder is riding his board on a ramp in a skate park.
peace young blue in an giving in sign the Two identical women auditorium. dresses	Two young women in identical blue dresses giving the peace sign in an auditorium.
painting ground. colored People squares the on are	People are painting colored squares on the ground.
with shiny A sunglasses man looks baseball another cap while bald down. and looks a man down	A man with a baseball cap and shiny sunglasses looks down while another bald man looks down.
man. on bench younger a An with red sitting older a man is	An older man is sitting on a red bench with a younger man.
lake. into a man tree is off A a rope-swinging	A man is rope-swinging off a tree into a lake.
ground. dogs Two in wrestle the	Two dogs wrestle in the ground.
large fist in the man background lone One in with rocky mountains the air with	One lone man with fist in the air with large rocky mountains in the background
field Two hockey. lacrosse men play or	Two men play lacrosse or field hockey.
sheet. with and and on white Brown gray dog brown dog black	Brown and white dog with brown and black dog on gray sheet.
street people watch cartwheel a A girl the from does while the sidewalk. in	A girl does a cartwheel in the street while people watch from the sidewalk.
flaps ear A sweater. and a girl in with hate a	A girl in a hate with ear flaps and a sweater.
Two nose meeting to nose. dogs	Two dogs meeting nose to nose.
the child from water. submerges a	a child submerges from the water.
yellow racing and while jersey, muzzle flight and a black wearing takes A dog	A racing dog takes flight while wearing a yellow and black jersey, and muzzle
A crowd. in a shirt cap wearing a walks blue army tight and girl an	A girl wearing a tight blue shirt and an army cap walks in a crowd.
Two white through with dogs run snow. a fiels	Two white dogs run through a fiels with snow.
sign. a black A an Obama sweatshirt in man up holds	A man in a black sweatshirt holds up an Obama sign.
jumping into the ship is a dog of yellow The off water.	The yellow dog is jumping off of a ship into the water.
fur stands little his on white with hind long legs. dog A	A little white dog with long fur stands on his hind legs.
is the boy off A jumping white pants young wearing couch.	A young boy wearing white pants is jumping off the couch.
of building. group street in are a down front A walking middle of eastern a men	A group of middle eastern men are walking down a street in front of a building.
A to wharfs. signs for next stands man the	A man stands next to signs for the wharfs.
over breaking A tree waves. on girl a swings	A girl swings on a tree over breaking waves.
Two are a store. near curb a people outside standing	Two people are standing near a curb outside a store.
water. animal in the two black or are A	A black animal or two are in the water.
A to dog man attack. a trains	A man trains a dog to attack.
two skiers mound underneath jumping over are bright sunshine. a snow of	two skiers are jumping over a mound of snow underneath bright sunshine.
woman a man kiss. A and	A man and a woman kiss.
walking neon at lights. Women under night are	Women are walking at night under neon lights.
young ninja into the a air. jumps	a young ninja jumps into the air.
girl in her while other and her costume hip. holds cheerleading her up on hand right a arm young blue is white A	A young girl in a blue and white cheerleading costume holds her right arm up while her other hand is on her hip.
grass. golden A straw is through turning low direction dog haired	A golden haired dog is turning direction through low straw grass.
water. colored wave ocean is a riding a green surfer through	a surfer is riding a wave through green colored ocean water.
school. are waiting and perhaps a Three adults one a building, outside of child	Three adults and one child are waiting outside of a building, perhaps a school.
brown biting tan A of ear black puppy the a and is dog.	A black and tan puppy is biting the ear of a brown dog.
child is puddle. A in green a shoes in splashing	A child in green shoes is splashing in a puddle.
A black a red swings ball young in dressed girl around at end. on with rope	A young girl dressed in black swings around on a rope with red ball at end.
in fencers a gear fencing in fighting class Two	Two fencers in gear fighting in a fencing class
advertisement. in with young tented area banner white men walking Three near	Three young men in white walking near tented area with banner advertisement.
to preparing ball. the tennis playing woman A serve	A woman playing tennis preparing to serve the ball.
dress. a in in dress a black a A striped woman child and	A child in a striped dress and a woman in a black dress.
horse a a trail. on young through A rides girl	A young girl rides on a horse through a trail.
mouth. rope large black running a dog white its little is a beside with dog A in and brown large	A little black dog is running beside a large brown and white dog with a large rope in its mouth.
dirt a course. on Female riding cyclist	Female cyclist riding on a dirt course.
at run racetrack. dog a Dogs	Dogs run at a dog racetrack.
a A through mud water. riding and bike guy	A guy riding a bike through mud and water.
a the while a background. walks girl dress family in stands A in	A girl in a dress walks while a family stands in the background.
in orange while floaties. A plays a wearing pool child	A child plays in a pool while wearing orange floaties.
on a standing talking Three cameras beach with people	Three people standing on a beach talking with cameras
sitting with backpack. at Woman phone, black looking a and	Woman sitting and looking at phone, with a black backpack.
lesson receives an snow in A a the young skier adult. from	A young skier receives a lesson in the snow from an adult.
that crosses watching are People river. bridge car hanging a is a as a blue over	People are watching as a blue car is hanging over a bridge that crosses a river.
mouth. dog in black the swimming something ocean in his with Big	Big black dog swimming in the ocean with something in his mouth.
children on Two bounce trampoline. a	Two children bounce on a trampoline.
balances man headed his and skateboard follows. cement his black shadow bald A wall a on in	A bald headed man in black balances his skateboard on a cement wall and his shadow follows.
indoor ledge a boy center. along is A skate in an skating	A boy is skating along a ledge in an indoor skate center.
a a uniform on in running soccer boy field A	A boy in a soccer uniform running on a field
a surfboard. young riding girl A	A young girl riding a surfboard.
backpack. a gray clothes wearing hair long with A man and	A man with long hair wearing gray clothes and a backpack.
the A dirt through sideways. bike person air a soaring on	A person on a dirt bike soaring through the air sideways.
in leash walks a tan dog snow. A the on	A tan dog on a leash walks in the snow.
a jukebox A in mural. girl of front jumping	A girl jumping in front of a jukebox mural.
is a girl backwards bed. A little falling onto	A little girl is falling backwards onto a bed.
runs in A with its dog stick the in rocks through a shallow mouth water.	A dog with a stick in its mouth runs through the rocks in shallow water.
a dog in area chased rural brown A being	A brown dog being chased in a rural area
singing a guitar as well a man playing white and	a man playing a white guitar and singing as well
A in German runs snow. Shephard the	A German Shephard runs in the snow.
young Two children playing. sitting together	Two young children sitting together playing.
Baby drain cries sewer by	Baby by sewer drain cries
person watching arms. water A raises the over her sunset	A person watching the sunset over water raises her arms.
looking water. standing across on at buildings Three people the boardwalk	Three people standing on boardwalk looking at buildings across the water.
A talking on while cellphone. sidewalk girl a walks a on	A girl walks on a sidewalk while talking on a cellphone.
climbing. equipment all his man A rock with	A man with all his equipment rock climbing.
house bag. a the a and jacket a in beige of is green woman by wooden standing a elderly tan door carrying	a elderly woman in a tan jacket is standing by the door of a wooden house carrying a green and beige bag.
by Two through running long side dogs side are grass.	Two dogs are running side by side through long grass.
man dirt blue in light sweatshirt a walks down a A path.	A man in a light blue sweatshirt walks down a dirt path.
in mouth. holds hair small long toy A snowman a its with dog	A small dog with long hair holds a snowman toy in its mouth.
guys skinned. at a Two one light skinned bar and dark one	Two guys at a bar one dark skinned and one light skinned.
backyard. black A the dog in	A black dog in the backyard.
men themselves sitting Two cafe. in are a by	Two men are sitting by themselves in a cafe.
on walking in A is yellow coffee sidewalk. man a holding the	A man in yellow holding a coffee is walking on the sidewalk.
man tree. fishes large A under a	A man fishes under a large tree.
turn. he rounds Motorcyclist as low crouches a	Motorcyclist crouches low as he rounds a turn.
outside windows Two people boat. of on a ledge a while cleaning	Two people outside cleaning windows while on a ledge of a boat.
the air. snowboarder A glides through	A snowboarder glides through the air.
ball a open a in coat across is soccer child field. A an brown kicking	A child in a brown coat is kicking a soccer ball across an open field.
front wearing and other. yellow uniforms girls young standing in two each of green	two young girls wearing green and yellow uniforms standing in front of each other.
street. jump while in playing group in music air the people the A of	A group of people jump in the air while playing music in the street.
bicycle. upside while A jumping man a down	A man upside down while jumping a bicycle.
the landscape Beautiful treading through people snowy with snow.	Beautiful snowy landscape with people treading through the snow.
A together. group of men are playing ball	A group of men are playing ball together.
man rock a scales wall. climbing A	A man scales a rock climbing wall.
a vest pink shirt a white and in plays A man guitar.	A man in a pink shirt and white vest plays a guitar.
in The pool. swimming of coming the a out water is boy little	The little boy is coming out of the water in a swimming pool.
person horn wearing holds helmet. a while blow a A	A person holds a blow horn while wearing a helmet.
Golden under foggy Gate the day. Bridge a Man surfing on	Man surfing under the Golden Gate Bridge on a foggy day.
wine people of shop. standing Two a are outside	Two people are standing outside of a wine shop.
eyed hound The toy. a laying carpet a blue gray, blue chewing puppy on on is	The gray, blue eyed hound puppy is laying on a blue carpet chewing on a toy.
top multicolored grey woman is a tank Mohawk, with smiling. earring A and	A woman with a multicolored Mohawk, earring and grey tank top is smiling.
pictures is while holding taking third a Two camera. are people a	Two people are taking pictures while a third is holding a camera.
on players Two Oklahoma talk Sooner the football sideline.	Two Oklahoma Sooner football players talk on the sideline.
area. ball with dog in red a wearing grassy playing a is A harness	A dog wearing a harness is playing with red ball in a grassy area.
in car man A a with a behind girl riding toy her	A girl riding in a toy car with a man behind her
to throw bottle. tries person his water boy on water with another A	A boy tries to throw water on another person with his water bottle.
A posing rocky in area a man	A man posing in a rocky area
sled of man rides dogs. a a team pulled by A	A man rides a sled pulled by a team of dogs.
are fighting grass. birds other tall each in Two	Two birds are fighting each other in tall grass.
hands in up, small his splashing boy water with baby droplets. sits water A	A small baby boy sits in water with his hands up, splashing water droplets.
and one dog dogs running beach. Two the white light brown along	Two white dogs and one light brown dog running along the beach.
boy at the horse slide. points to the on play a park A	A boy on a play horse at the park points to the slide.
in an boy. talking ampitheater man to a A	A man in an ampitheater talking to a boy.
no shirt overalls standing with and with man in Man in striped shirt hat	Man in hat and overalls with no shirt standing with man in striped shirt
white pants tank faces away. top Woman in and turquoise	Woman in white pants and turquoise tank top faces away.
of A water a young over boy pail head. his dumping	A young boy dumping a pail of water over his head.
with with guitar Girl people other three singing	Girl with guitar singing with three other people
shoulder. woman's a people hanging knit other In a of finger on garment the a fringe crowd, two	In a crowd, two other people finger the fringe of a knit garment hanging on a woman's shoulder.
and the mountain peak a A monument. his hand at man stands on a of has	A man stands at the peak of a mountain and has his hand on a monument.
to runs a opposing behind ball is him. while member participant an team hit soccer A trying	A soccer participant is trying to hit a ball while an opposing team member runs behind him.
bending holding backwards hat. A girl her	A girl bending backwards holding her hat.
middle is the woman The beside wearing pink in walking a eastern purple headscarf a headscarf. woman	The middle eastern woman wearing the pink headscarf is walking beside a woman in a purple headscarf.
the snow. with A plays in orange brown ball dog a bright	A brown dog plays with a bright orange ball in the snow.
tree videotapes man a skier A camera a climbing stump.	A camera man videotapes a skier climbing a tree stump.
shirt at a standing A in crowded is man a night. grey street in	A man in a grey shirt is standing in a crowded street at night.
a A hill. person down skiing	A person skiing down a hill.
looking boy a rubber ducks. at Small of yellow display	Small boy looking at a display of yellow rubber ducks.
is helmet. a The skateboarder wearing	The skateboarder is wearing a helmet.
A in player football large uniform red a	A large football player in a red uniform
slam basketball. man a white a is jersey dunking in A	A man in a white jersey is slam dunking a basketball.
dog jumps in brown A air. the	A brown dog jumps in the air.
a homeless for A begging pot a sign hooker. and for man up beer, money holds	A homeless man holds up a sign begging for money for beer, pot and a hooker.
round racing dog turn dogs in Two track. a a	Two racing dogs round a turn in a dog track.
chain fence. Boy a on climbing	Boy climbing on a chain fence.
to young a girl try encouraging An the adult slide. is	An adult is encouraging a young girl to try the slide.
two who passing at spectators are rally standing the blue roadside. silver A is and car	A silver and blue rally car is passing two spectators who are standing at the roadside.
bike the woods through a riding	riding a bike through the woods
sand on leaving walking woman footprints	woman walking on sand leaving footprints
one in hair, clothes except woman, people conversations. Two for with hold black of and groups brown dressed blonde separate	Two groups of people dressed in black clothes and with brown hair, except for one blonde woman, hold separate conversations.
are skiing people hill a snow covered down	people are skiing down a snow covered hill
Two brown are wrestling grassy a dogs field. in	Two brown dogs are wrestling in a grassy field.
carnival. People at outside standing a	People standing outside at a carnival.
a with woman girl lake in frozen wagon a pulling A a across it	A woman pulling a wagon with a girl in it across a frozen lake
sidewalk. on with is waiting The young man others the	The young man is waiting with others on the sidewalk.
three the rain. the children watching The are ceremony in umbrellas and holding	The three children are holding umbrellas and watching the ceremony in the rain.
little A t-shirt of trees. in shorts a in run and field grass some boy towards	A little boy in shorts and t-shirt run in a field of grass towards some trees.
up A child reach toy steps playground arms as on a her. for	A child steps up on a playground toy as arms reach for her.
steps A of man boulder. a off	A man steps off of a boulder.
a pier of stands reading against at end the a man A book sky. blue a	A man stands at the end of a pier reading a book against a blue sky.
stars carrying paved A with boy shirt striped on walks a teenage a a street wearing skateboard.	A teenage boy wearing a striped shirt walks on a street paved with stars carrying a skateboard.
pulling A green funny red sits and baby a his toy by face.	A baby sits by his red and green toy pulling a funny face.
watches. Two in room are young arm girls girl hotel their while another wrestling	Two young girls are arm wrestling in their hotel room while another girl watches.
cross-country A a woman brown with skiing, dog.	A woman cross-country skiing, with a brown dog.
lady a guys sitting is and Two sleeping. are	Two guys are sitting and a lady is sleeping.
soccer kicking is player The the ball field. grass on a	The player is kicking a soccer ball on the grass field.
a in walking a men Three sidewalk city. on	Three men walking on a sidewalk in a city.
ball a man runs after on grass A a cricket field.	A man runs after a cricket ball on a grass field.
the couple plains with A enjoying high their dogs.	A couple enjoying the high plains with their dogs.
one are girls with there and a one Two lips puckering brunette fingers. peace sign young there showing blonde	Two young girls one blonde one brunette are puckering there lips and showing a peace sign with there fingers.
and through fence. grass looks dog greyhound a brown green The walks on	The brown greyhound dog walks on green grass and looks through a fence.
white a of closeup A with and dog baseball black in small its mouth. a	A closeup of a small black and white dog with a baseball in its mouth.
leggings. white bows, ballerinas and little dresses all The wearing are	The little ballerinas are all wearing white bows, dresses and leggings.
riding a forest the a bike man through	a man riding a bike through the forest
during A race. a fast running Greyhound	A fast running Greyhound during a race.
through dog the and one black and a white white chasing dog grass brown	one brown and white dog chasing a black and white dog through the grass
from woman A wrapped her leg a tree, in hanging cloth.	A woman hanging from a tree, her leg wrapped in cloth.
a pond. by figures Two walking are	Two figures are walking by a pond.
of formal wear a dressed group pose A picture. in people for	A group of people dressed in formal wear pose for a picture.
dog and white fighting. dog brown A	A white dog and brown dog fighting.
outdoors. brown playing The dog is	The brown dog is playing outdoors.
blonde and is wearing helmet, a knee silver elbow Rollerblades. girl pads, A and	A blonde girl is wearing a silver helmet, elbow and knee pads, and Rollerblades.
air. in the snowboarder A high	A snowboarder high in the air.
down walks a man black, street. wearing the	a man wearing black, walks down the street.
hill. climb girls of up A group snowy a	A group of girls climb up a snowy hill.
catching air. A the Frisbee brown dog in a	A brown dog catching a Frisbee in the air.
black with with pose picture in for people background. Four hair windows the a	Four people with black hair pose for a picture with windows in the background.
in rides winter. a bike child A a costume wearing	A child wearing a costume rides a bike in winter.
catch to red a Yorkie trying toy. A	A Yorkie trying to catch a red toy.
playing children water. in Indian Three	Three Indian children playing in water.
tree. past running dogs Two a	Two dogs running past a tree.
man red a outfit. in A dressed	A man dressed in a red outfit.
walk The the down girls street.	The girls walk down the street.
A girl her in little snowsuit smiles the snow. in playing while	A little girl smiles in her snowsuit while playing in the snow.
upside down hanging power is A from person lines.	A person is hanging upside down from power lines.
of a blue onto holding A life side a jacket is the boat. boy green wearing	A boy wearing a blue life jacket is holding onto the side of a green boat.
steering of wheel small car. behind is a the sitting child This	This small child is sitting behind the steering wheel of a car.
mostly sit white uniform group wait. children and A wearing shirts of	A group of children mostly wearing white uniform shirts sit and wait.
skier A falls hill. down a	A skier falls down a hill.
a holding The rope. the under tree boy	The boy under the tree holding a rope.
Four potrait for in in pose back. with two boys formally and the two the girls children young front smiling the a standing dressed	Four young children dressed formally pose for a potrait with the two boys standing in front and the two girls smiling in the back.
air. into waterskier flies A the	A waterskier flies into the air.
running a dog a in race. A yellow jersey is	A dog in a yellow jersey is running a race.
a looking tennis a racket shirt in woman is up. purple and wearing holding hand A her	A woman wearing a purple shirt and holding a tennis racket in her hand is looking up.
wooden on shorts asian A collared bench. long gray a wearing sitting t-shirt is and woman young a	A young asian woman wearing long shorts and a gray collared t-shirt is sitting on a wooden bench.
jump. An on horse a a equestrian makes	An equestrian on a horse makes a jump.
on tire. a playing are a children swing out made two of	two children are playing on a swing made out of a tire.
sit at mountains. look and Three people	Three people sit and look at mountains.
Basketball players jumping up during ball the for a game.	Basketball players jumping up for the ball during a game.
A green a skateboarder in light shirt.	A skateboarder in a light green shirt.
Two chase red brown soccer and playfully dogs white a ball.	Two brown dogs playfully chase a red and white soccer ball.
going in down a red A hill. coat a skier	A skier in a red coat going down a hill.
water of while a hair slinging in Girl out pool.	Girl slinging water out of hair while in a pool.
younger in to attampts in dirty pull A child wagon. a toddler jeans a	A toddler in dirty jeans attampts to pull a younger child in a wagon.
with dog in mouth dog and another a stuffed bird its chasing A running black it.	A black dog running with a stuffed bird in its mouth and another dog chasing it.
on Three a at boat water in sunset. people float the	Three people in a boat float on the water at sunset.
together. brown and white Two dogs stand small	Two small brown and white dogs stand together.
dog is rock. a on A running brown	A brown dog is running on a rock.
building. having fun outside near a in white are swimsuites children Three	Three children in swimsuites are having fun outside near a white building.
dog soft toy. big chew to trying Black into is	Black big dog is trying to chew into soft toy.
Girl building. swing in of on front	Girl on swing in front of building.
a next A man sitting to bench his on bike.	A man sitting on a bench next to his bike.
other water. Two near the chase each dogs	Two dogs chase each other near the water.
to his the favorite others the play his arcade started enjoys Ever dad him, baby game. with girl since pinball watching coming	Ever since his baby girl started coming to the arcade with him, the dad enjoys watching others play his favorite pinball game.
a front fisherman wave. in large is standing a There of	There is a fisherman standing in front of a large wave.
other rugby him. of ball the the tackle a member attempting A defends to team player against	A rugby player defends the ball against a member of the other team attempting to tackle him.
toy. black Two with a dogs play	Two black dogs play with a toy.
brown tall a the through grass. dog running	a brown dog running through the tall grass.
on A walks woman street. city a	A woman walks on a city street.
yellow a town square. across a little is riding a bicycle boy	a little boy is riding a yellow bicycle across a town square.
in A pink is jersy a snow and field. football on football hat a standing girl little	A little girl in a football jersy and pink snow hat is standing on a football field.
waits catching for before the Frisbee come A brown to down it. dog	A brown dog waits for the Frisbee to come down before catching it.
jumping The catch dog to ball. a up red black is brown and	The brown and black dog is jumping up to catch a red ball.
on A walks wall. male the graffiti	A male walks on the graffiti wall.
holding girl fingers up standing A a a little sign. her is pole by metal in v	A little girl is standing by a metal pole holding her fingers up in a v sign.
shirt man a playing without A tennis.	A man without a shirt playing tennis.
tennis at sunset catching A a yard. ball a dog in	A dog catching a tennis ball at sunset in a yard.
of men green and in front black in Several a monument. matching outfits	Several men in matching green and black outfits in front of a monument.
playing on the the three little with sidewalk girl close hula road to is hoops A	A little girl on the sidewalk close to the road is playing with three hula hoops
dog sniffs stump. a brown tree a	a brown dog sniffs a tree stump.
man ocean. his the dog near walks a	a man walks his dog near the ocean.
on two sit a chairlift. men	two men sit on a chairlift.
girls watch Parents softball in a as game. play	Parents watch as girls play softball in a game.
The dog running is brown and the snow. through large white	The large brown and white dog is running through the snow.
on group overlooking scenic people rest view. cliff of a a A	A group of people rest on a cliff overlooking a scenic view.
running through A boy grass. green	A boy running through green grass.
around his are a picture him. has A arms for posing women man two who with	A man has his arms around two women who are posing for a picture with him.
person third a not other, looking Two is at each attentive. people	Two people looking at each other, a third person is not attentive.
black Two dogs a through run white and field.	Two black and white dogs run through a field.
girls water. Little in the play	Little girls play in the water.
on The running top red a boy wearing is a path. gravel	The boy wearing a red top is running on a gravel path.
a tan snow. red the A is in dog sled pulling	A tan dog is pulling a red sled in the snow.
cards cards holding hand foreground. the A Uno boy small with in of a	A small boy holding a hand of cards with Uno cards in the foreground.
outfit. in boy a little beige A	A little boy in a beige outfit.
A next crowd building. of to woman their scarves together heads on wearing group a	A group of woman wearing scarves on their heads crowd together next to a building.
about a to his wearing tennis green player racquet. hit ball shirt a with a	a tennis player wearing a green shirt about to hit a ball with his racquet.
mouth. jumping its with small in dog a A ball	A small dog jumping with a ball in its mouth.
stands The in people soccer are watch. while the playing men	The men are playing soccer while people in the stands watch.
is This holding dog a a Frisbee.	This is a dog holding a Frisbee.
standing several around group railing a people a of	a group of several people standing around a railing
through large his leaves in dog walks mouth. A stick the a with	A dog walks through the leaves with a large stick in his mouth.
after play. A spots hugs team a	A spots team hugs after a play.
in a field. run Four dogs	Four dogs run in a field.
terrain. A across barren dog running black	A black dog running across barren terrain.
is bike. on person The a	The person is on a bike.
joy young rock A jumps of boy for front a formation. in	A young boy jumps for joy in front of a rock formation.
man vest orange in advertising sign. to A a an is green-glow standing next	A man in a green-glow vest is standing next to an orange advertising sign.
and in white dog black Large the jumping snow.	Large black and white dog jumping in the snow.
windsurfing A man	A man windsurfing
plastic the blue from jumps a of top slide. A boy	A boy jumps from the top of a blue plastic slide.
with wearing hat. hat a woman stands a A red man wearing a gray	A man wearing a gray hat stands with a woman wearing a red hat.
blue walking barefoot. man is A shirt in a	A man in a blue shirt is walking barefoot.
of Groups building. outside relax people a	Groups of people relax outside a building.
uneven sand grass. with withered some running girl A through	A girl running through uneven sand with some withered grass.
dog leash is a A on small animal. being another smelled by	A small dog on a leash is being smelled by another animal.
players pulling are player red in rugby black ground. the strips the to in three	three rugby players in black strips are pulling the player in red to the ground.
on brown black and green are A dog grass. rough a dog playing	A black dog and a brown dog are playing rough on green grass.
clings in white a man rock to A helmet sheer face a	A man in a white helmet clings to a sheer rock face
with purple football. Two play dogs	Two dogs play with purple football.
A lime busy green streets. city in monitors security the person	A security person in lime green monitors the busy city streets.
open boy jumps staircase. A off air an of	A boy jumps off of an open air staircase.
horses riding children over sand near a Two are fence. white	Two children are riding horses over sand near a white fence.
a young blue on propping a of structure A skirt in bars herself metal outside. up girl is	A young girl in a blue skirt is propping herself up on bars of a metal structure outside.
front near A man a standing of a rocky in wooden bridge river.	A man standing in front of a wooden bridge near a rocky river.
a handbag the in counter. woman lunch at waits line A with silver	A woman with a silver handbag waits in line at the lunch counter.
a jumps the at beach. A into water boy	A boy jumps into the water at a beach.
path. A along walking frosty dog a	A dog walking along a frosty path.
on riding a bicyclist city A street.	A bicyclist riding on a city street.
at people Crowd beach. the of	Crowd of people at the beach.
on eats. looks as A woman a dog	A dog looks on as a woman eats.
man microphone. into a moustache group with of a people listening to a are A speak	A group of people are listening to a man with a moustache speak into a microphone.
a A creek. jumps over dog	A dog jumps over a creek.
the laughing An older a boy chases boy on younger grass.	An older boy chases a laughing younger boy on the grass.
glasses bulldog, petting buy background. A in the the pavement woods with his with on	A buy with glasses petting his bulldog, on the pavement with woods in the background.
a Two children over ledge. rusty peer	Two children peer over a rusty ledge.
is water. the through splashing dog A white	A white dog is splashing through the water.
A and hands. young robot other's touch girl yellow each	A yellow robot and young girl touch each other's hands.
stand meandering bottom that uphill. at goes People walkway a the of	People stand at the bottom of a meandering walkway that goes uphill.
under blanket. children Four huddle a	Four children huddle under a blanket.
in fishing Woman the over evening. with children boardwalk three	Woman with three children fishing over boardwalk in the evening.
an at are bench picnic an outside people Three umbrella. sitting with	Three people are sitting at an outside picnic bench with an umbrella.
lean snowy, Two on against men fence urban street corner.	Two men lean against fence on snowy, urban street corner.
thinner in One watches. wrestler with green wrestler a an sumo very dressed umpire while wrestles fat	One very fat sumo wrestler wrestles with a thinner wrestler while an umpire dressed in green watches.
some through and white red white a black dog poles running and	a black and white dog running through some red and white poles
in blue white a at A emerges shirt dog coached by black show. dog a and tunnel being a yellow a man from	A black and white dog emerges from a yellow tunnel being coached by a man in a blue shirt at a dog show.
on wall. rock climbing Girl rock the	Girl rock climbing on the rock wall.
The wood. a out of is carving man Santa	The man is carving a Santa out of wood.
out grocery bag. is peeking of baby green a Little	Little baby is peeking out of a green grocery bag.
the Five on bicycle. two young sharing a people street,	Five young people on the street, two sharing a bicycle.
wearing looks walks male An and left. the adult a to backpack	An adult male wearing a backpack walks and looks to the left.
A is jeans a and brown white blue walking. has wearing some headphones on jacket and girl	A girl wearing a brown jacket and blue jeans has on some white headphones and is walking.
smiles outdoors. man A	A man smiles outdoors.
one from A the jacket concrete jumping wall to blue other. wearing a man	A man wearing a blue jacket jumping from one concrete wall to the other.
German shepherd a forest. A shepherd in another barking at German	A German shepherd barking at another German shepherd in a forest.
man a a dog. on feeds a bench	a man on a bench feeds a dog.
grass jogs with A feet. green on bare man	A man jogs on green grass with bare feet.
obscured, one costume. snow women in Two other woman bench, with white carrying tiger an faces inflatable their on Disney the and sitting woman a a	Two women sitting on a bench, their faces obscured, with one woman carrying an inflatable tiger and the other woman in a Disney snow white costume.
patterned girls a Two swing over red surface.	Two girls swing over a red patterned surface.
boy a wearing a shirt little is deck. black and The pinstripe walking on	The little boy is wearing a black pinstripe shirt and walking on a deck.
large pole. small hung A ropes near climbs child a	A small child climbs ropes hung near a large pole.
mingle. on dress looks A as girl white formal attire in other a in youngsters	A girl in a white dress looks on as other youngsters in formal attire mingle.
shirt green and riding red bike orange helmet. is wearing and child a an A	A child is riding a green bike and wearing an orange shirt and red helmet.
white in background. mountain snowy man steep, with the down is the clouds The skiing	The man is skiing down the steep, snowy white mountain with clouds in the background.
Four playing in water children spouts.	Four children playing in water spouts.
is The photographer dog. playing tug-of-war with a	The photographer is playing tug-of-war with a dog.
puddle in a through is running a child street. The	The child is running through a puddle in a street.
a bed. A dachshund puppy jumps on	A dachshund puppy jumps on a bed.
shirt left shorts red leg a something basketball on wearing guy with holding black	guy holding a basketball wearing red shirt black shorts with something on left leg
low, structure Snowboarder balances in on snow. wooden	Snowboarder balances on low, wooden structure in snow.
a in Three dogs are dog competing race.	Three dogs are competing in a dog race.
over grey wearing a dog grass. A muzzle runs	A grey dog wearing a muzzle runs over grass.
hill. an A to continue over the snowboarding person leaps down obstacle	A person snowboarding leaps over an obstacle to continue down the hill.
shining and sun the snow The above is trees.	The sun is shining above the snow and trees.
with A the water. boy trunks young out swim of walks white	A young boy with white swim trunks walks out of the water.
Miami the serious. player ball A looks basketball dribbles and	A Miami basketball player dribbles the ball and looks serious.
in girl in a tutu costume in A and boy a dancefloor. a a	A girl in a tutu and a boy in a costume in a dancefloor.
the snow is in near trees. walking A snow dog tan covered	A tan dog is walking in the snow near snow covered trees.
girl a near A a doing kick woman.	A girl doing a kick near a woman.
a gnarly surfer A catches wave.	A surfer catches a gnarly wave.
Two outside. dogs playing	Two dogs playing outside.
orange to black in dog open and field. ball an catch an A white leaping	A black and white dog leaping to catch an orange ball in an open field.
a running down path dog white A between bushes. is	A white dog is running down a path between bushes.
hiking mountains a and people with mountain up background. river other the in a Three	Three people hiking up a mountain with a river and other mountains in the background.
is dog's holding stick his of he white a A while closeup mouth. a in face	A closeup of a white dog's face while he is holding a stick in his mouth.
black gate woman a a in dressed a wooded near towards man walk and A area.	A man and a woman dressed in black walk towards a gate near a wooded area.
of little bunch in A running. boys bathing trunks	A bunch of little boys in bathing trunks running.
fire. Fireman fighting a	Fireman fighting a fire.
past cyclist A riding yellow blue trees. and wearing	A cyclist wearing blue and yellow riding past trees.
girl family out the blows candles little watches birthday her A a third on as	A family watches as a little girl blows out the candles on her third birthday
tan and black through dog water. jumping A Doberman some is	A black and tan Doberman dog is jumping through some water.
surfboard person holding a a the in onto tether. on A waves,	A person on a surfboard in the waves, holding onto a tether.
of bike at Bike is looking rider. sports other accident rider a	Bike rider is looking at a accident of other sports bike rider.
men woman black outside and black two A	A black woman and two black men outside
street. shirt a a A unicycle on the man blue rides in	A man in a blue shirt rides a unicycle on the street.
a woman yellow in a A path brown a on and jacket stands lake. hat by	A woman in a yellow jacket and brown hat stands on a path by a lake.
her baby the of pot all contents girl red has over a face. A	A baby girl has the contents of a red pot all over her face.
Man action wave in over a	Man in action over a wave
men of group stadium. play A a hockey in	A group of men play hockey in a stadium.
some girls flags. Asian line up near	Asian girls line up near some flags.
cat a alone grass. dry sits in	a cat sits alone in dry grass.
mouth in his running ball tennis a dog A with	A dog running with a tennis ball in his mouth
black over big jumping smaller gold-colored A dog. dog a	A big gold-colored dog jumping over a smaller black dog.
football the to in Sooners is game. A about by a team be taken player opposing the down from	A football player from the Sooners is about to be taken down by the opposing team in a game.
is head. a little lifting his girl above man A	A man is lifting a little girl above his head.
her rides alongside while behind. runs bicyclist One another up bike,	One bicyclist runs alongside her bike, while another rides up behind.
air in motorbike. with gets A high driver his the	A driver gets high in the air with his motorbike.
Someone performance. at an and sits black tights outdoor with orange	Someone sits with orange and black tights at an outdoor performance.
man wearing wetsuit a This and is riding a surfboard.	This man is wearing a wetsuit and riding a surfboard.
of towards field A is girl flowers. tall running a	A girl is running towards a field of tall flowers.
in the of yard, A in group children man playing a a background.	A group of children playing in a yard, a man in the background.
women Two painted are road. nude the black white on bicycles and riding	Two nude women painted black and white are riding bicycles on the road.
sidewalk people on three with background in standing scene a street asian the a	three asian people standing on a sidewalk with a street scene in the background
A small leaps a across brown dog pillow.	A small dog leaps across a brown pillow.
a A bouncing is trampoline child next the house. to that is on	A child is bouncing on a trampoline that is next to the house.
holding A picture man a his baby a woman of while takes baby. the is	A man is holding his baby while a woman takes a picture of the baby.
garage and knit red standing handbag. for dressed weather gloves black a a and scarf, A woman in by red hat car a winter in	A woman standing by a car in a garage dressed for winter weather in a red knit scarf, black gloves and hat and red handbag.
helmet a A a rides scooter. girl wearing	A girl wearing a helmet rides a scooter.
bearded men fair. a at Two	Two bearded men at a fair.
her with hair. A water woman flinging is	A woman is flinging water with her hair.
is clothes blue a boy toy. dark in holding A kneeling while	A boy in dark blue clothes is kneeling while holding a toy.
while races spill bike looker A by. a catches a side motocross after its on on another	A looker on catches a motocross bike on its side after a spill while another races by.
a young stands and boy guardsman. British A watches	A young boy stands and watches a British guardsman.
stepping is dog the black A on ice.	A black dog is stepping on the ice.
a water. blonde sit their Two bicycles body beside beside in the women of grass	Two blonde women sit beside their bicycles in the grass beside a body of water.
playing dogs Two other. each with	Two dogs playing with each other.
man blue mountain, snowboarding A down jump. in a coat, midair in	A man in blue coat, snowboarding down a mountain, in midair jump.
tan a dog. and black A	A black and a tan dog.
skateboarder over cone. a A parking backlit ollies	A backlit skateboarder ollies over a parking cone.
Canada cowgirls the waving the flag United flag and States	cowgirls waving the United States flag and the Canada flag
nearby. skateboarder while watch A performs others	A skateboarder performs while others watch nearby.
bike through A on a dirt. goes guy	A guy on a bike goes through dirt.
the water. A in surfer the hangs over air	A surfer hangs in the air over the water.
a in holds a sign yellow man " slicker ". down and A saying out	A man in a yellow slicker holds a sign saying " down and out ".
on and baby stand the The her a back with look at girl tall mountain	The girl with a baby on her back stand and look at the tall mountain
people top of snow a rock on in and standing cloud. Two the of middle	Two people standing on top of a rock in the middle of snow and cloud.
by people on There the boats. are three dock the	There are three people on the dock by the boats.
A field dog a wearing a harness across red runs	A dog wearing a red harness runs across a field
child painting a A picture.	A child painting a picture.
fountains children in playing Two public	Two children playing in public fountains
ride the people Two train.	Two people ride the train.
field. and a backpacking snowy rocky across large Three people	Three people backpacking across a large snowy and rocky field.
with her pensive. red to hand A her hair and woman holds looks mouth	A woman with red hair holds her hand to her mouth and looks pensive.
is with a ball. yellow soccer dog The playing	The yellow dog is playing with a soccer ball.
people some observing are Two ruins.	Two people are observing some ruins.
dog in ball a through its grassy carrying large running a mouth. black yard A	A black dog running through a grassy yard carrying a large ball in its mouth.
dog field. A a stands in	A dog stands in a field.
toy. dog plays a with a	a dog plays with a toy.
Two are chasing them one a white ball dogs airborne. of with	Two white dogs are chasing a ball with one of them airborne.
a in is a sitting driver A helmet car. white yellow race with	A driver with a white helmet is sitting in a yellow race car.
on other. Two dogs jumping each	Two dogs jumping on each other.
arm. has pink his a ribbon man A around	A man has a pink ribbon around his arm.
swing. is an boy A shirt on a wearing playing orange	A boy wearing an orange shirt is playing on a swing.
jumping person on through skis. air The is the	The person is jumping through the air on skis.
the ground. dog A rolls on	A dog rolls on the ground.
dog, setting. in backyard a a the on apparently edge others standing of fence, confronts One three	One dog, apparently standing on the edge of a fence, confronts three others in a backyard setting.
swings baseball as the at A player watch. ball onlookers	A baseball player swings at the ball as onlookers watch.
pool. splash in A a boy making is a swimming	A boy is making a splash in a swimming pool.
hug. two people a share	two people share a hug.
woman is in rowed the boat man. the The sitting being by	The woman is sitting in the boat being rowed by the man.
selling as was shirtless man perfume. punches he young A snow if	A shirtless young man punches snow as if he was selling perfume.
looking A railing. a woman a and over man	A man and a woman looking over a railing.
mountain. man in front of A icy standing an	A man standing in front of an icy mountain.
at another dog A on is the looking black dog grass. lying black down	A black dog is looking down at another black dog lying on the grass.
A with soccer head the ball player his hitting	A soccer player hitting the ball with his head
playing Football football. players	Football players playing football.
woman smiling seaweed. the buried is at beach in The	The smiling woman at the beach is buried in seaweed.
jewelry stands a orange an glasses, against hat, man and with a wall. jacket A	A man with a hat, glasses, jewelry and a jacket stands against an orange wall.
toward mountains. people looking the Three	Three people looking toward the mountains.
A swing in girl above playground surface. on a her rides red sandy in stomach a	A girl in red rides on her stomach in a playground swing above a sandy surface.
and of The the wooden the brown water in sticks. dog front is running	The brown dog is running in front of the water and the wooden sticks.
children a young hanging the upside playground at	a young children hanging upside at the playground
mouth. has dog ball little brown a its in A	A little brown dog has a ball in its mouth.
nearby elevated and crosswalk. man carrying A is an bags roadway	A man is carrying bags nearby an elevated roadway and crosswalk.
dog. man plays A Frisbee with his	A man plays Frisbee with his dog.
is and buildings blue. the sky are brown The	The buildings are brown and the sky is blue.
shirt white is a man A brown in to a shirt. wearing talking man a	A man wearing a brown shirt is talking to a man in a white shirt.
on prepares a player Female tennis handed grass backhand. two	Female tennis player on grass prepares a two handed backhand.
air up a guy in and jumping the a girl	a guy and a girl jumping up in the air
ball. The is throwing baseball the player	The baseball player is throwing the ball.
runners the with keep racing is up A to biker	A biker is racing to keep up with the runners
water the a The woman's hair is reflecting sunlight. from by ejected spray	The spray from water ejected by a woman's hair is reflecting the sunlight.
wearing mountain. red descending covered a a snowboarder snow is	a snowboarder wearing red is descending a snow covered mountain.
a scarf wearing a smiles mountain in background. woman red front of A	A woman wearing a red scarf smiles in front of a mountain background.
A off man planks wood. in black shorts jumping of is	A man in black shorts is jumping off planks of wood.
playing is girl the a another playing recorder One is girl guitar. and	One girl is playing a recorder and another girl is playing the guitar.
dog and jumps. brown runs, On dog a beach, black brown	On a beach, black and brown dog runs, brown dog jumps.
the The is climbing up man rock.	The man is climbing up the rock.
touch bent the The girl down rainbow. young to	The young girl bent down to touch the rainbow.
a pool. holds in A man up baby swimming a	A man holds up a baby in a swimming pool.
propelling waterfall. down man in The is red the	The man in red is propelling down the waterfall.
into water. crane lifts air the above the A	A crane lifts into the air above the water.
a beach running tan wearing dog on color the a multicolored	a tan dog wearing a multicolored color running on the beach
boys while behind run football him. other A running carrying a young and male two	A young male carrying a football and running while two other boys run behind him.
Two sprinting running track. a are boys on	Two boys are sprinting on a running track.
A a running park dog through is	A dog is running through a park
Pugs. pack A of	A pack of Pugs.
splashing. the water people in are Two and	Two people are in the water and splashing.
a truck large tire. child is in sitting The	The child is sitting in a large truck tire.
that black ATV is a posing on kids are sand. Two on of top	Two kids are posing on a black ATV that is on top of sand.
towards A is sliding the boy baseman is in a for base baseball ball while a game. the waiting	A boy is sliding towards a base while the baseman is waiting for the ball in a baseball game.
a little the camera. boy taking The picture with is	The little boy is taking a picture with the camera.
hay. A dog rolled over black jumps	A black dog jumps over rolled hay.
backwards using swimming trunks wearing waterskiing man is A one only hand.	A man wearing swimming trunks is waterskiing backwards using only one hand.
other with three green A pool in goggles children. in girl a	A girl in green goggles in a pool with three other children.
on dog A white tries climb the to countertop.	A white dog tries to climb on the countertop.
red and attacking. it, overall a A bird black karate yellow costume child front with in on a	A child in a black overall karate costume with a red front and yellow bird on it, attacking.
grass. through walking A female	A female walking through grass.
looks at a with reflective A harness the dog camera.	A dog with a reflective harness looks at the camera.
of on water. A a body dog of the edge	A dog on the edge of a body of water.
wearing a skateboard. boy helmet his A jumping is	A boy wearing a helmet is jumping his skateboard.
sits on a swing girl ride. a	a girl sits on a swing ride.
jumping and small on a trampoline. sitting children Two	Two small children sitting and jumping on a trampoline.
back wall. Two sit women to back on a	Two women sit back to back on a wall.
trick performing on green Man wheel. one bicycle on a	Man on green bicycle performing a trick on one wheel.
a man A woman sitting and dock. a on	A man and a woman sitting on a dock.
of bunch near in snowy a waterhole. of a person middle rocks a the standing	a person standing in the middle of a bunch of snowy rocks near a waterhole.
underwater children smile Two	Two children smile underwater
on A whilst a an girl is bed. striped orange airborne in little bouncing outfit	A little girl in an orange striped outfit is airborne whilst bouncing on a bed.
group outside having picture taken their A of people	A group of people outside having their picture taken
front tree-covered of sunglasses A man is beard standing with a in and hills.	A man with a beard and sunglasses is standing in front of tree-covered hills.
white people. playing large A dog near and shepherd smaller two	A smaller white dog and large shepherd playing near two people.
moonwalk. A smiling a blond crawling into girl	A smiling blond girl crawling into a moonwalk.
air mountaintop. through rocky A leaps a from man the young	A young man leaps through the air from a rocky mountaintop.
a basketball a The wooden is court. holding on basketball boy	The boy is holding a basketball on a wooden basketball court.
a white dog brown in A a green field. with dressed green and boy running in	A boy dressed in green running with a brown and white dog in a green field.
room in sitting at black camera. in suggestive girls are a the making dressed Two poses	Two girls dressed in black are sitting in a room making suggestive poses at the camera.
hat its mouth. stretches wearing A dog a open	A dog wearing a hat stretches open its mouth.
plastic brown patterned A sweater walks jeans and woman away blue a in green a whilst bag. carrying	A woman in patterned blue jeans and a green sweater walks away whilst carrying a brown plastic bag.
the A dog on light-colored runs beach.	A light-colored dog runs on the beach.
A player hockey gets position. into	A hockey player gets into position.
A smiles young in a girl field.	A young girl smiles in a field.
Closeup event an man of formal at with attire. a	Closeup of a man at an event with formal attire.
large fall. A a in van down drives counry road the	A large van drives down a counry road in the fall.
girl the dressed jumping the A in flies air in on orange bed. while	A girl dressed in orange flies in the air while jumping on the bed.
rocks dogs Two packed and running dirt over	Two dogs running over packed dirt and rocks
kissing path. woman a a on man A dramatically	A man dramatically kissing a woman on a path.
of girl standing outside clothing shop a a	a girl standing outside of a clothing shop
down a kid is snowy A sledding hill. little blue in	A little kid in blue is sledding down a snowy hill.
rides 5 motorcycle with A the number it. on a man	A man rides a motorcycle with the number 5 on it.
swinging hula is glove green girl The a and hoop. a with hair green	The girl with green hair and a green glove is swinging a hula hoop.
a truck. lap child on driving a while holds man A his	A man holds a child on his lap while driving a truck.
rock boy he as steep The face. climbed down the looked	The boy looked down as he climbed the steep rock face.
child holding a an a and admire birthday with candles. older man baby A cake	A man holding a baby and an older child admire a birthday cake with candles.
on A city man street. a standing	A man standing on a city street.
a boat the raincoat in across a water. in person going stands A	A person in a raincoat stands in a boat going across the water.
appears to be in A dark man rocks. climbing clothes	A man in dark clothes appears to be climbing rocks.
dog a in plays snow. the	a dog plays in the snow.
a in a a pool. is water girl in clear blue swimming	a girl is swimming in a clear water in a blue pool.
man shows a to his exibit many people. off	a man shows off his exibit to many people.
sticking her has legs out doing A pool swimming water. is handstand child a of in that the the	A child that is doing a handstand in the swimming pool has her legs sticking out of the water.
A lights. his a by backlit to man microphone green holds mouth,	A man holds a microphone to his mouth, backlit by green lights.
a on A does on sidewalk. his man wheelie bicycle the	A man does a wheelie on his bicycle on the sidewalk.
shoulder-deep in A snow. dog	A dog shoulder-deep in snow.
A dog, pet dog is brown another inside standing on looking pond. a at bank	A pet dog, standing on bank is looking at another brown dog inside a pond.
eating white A man t-shirt a in candy.	A man in a white t-shirt eating candy.
attempt catch a ball. jumping golden to A in is dog an	A golden dog is jumping in an attempt to catch a ball.
skateboarding is park. a man young at skate The	The young man is skateboarding at a skate park.
in the leaves A person and sand. walks the footprints along beach	A person walks along the beach and leaves footprints in the sand.
ashtray with on leaning table from top. back A a an smiling man	A smiling man leaning back from a table with an ashtray on top.
ball. running A with a man	A man running with a ball.
through a runs field. child A	A child runs through a field.
market A baby a carrying woman a wearing shopping in white a is for groceries. hat whilst	A woman wearing a white hat is carrying a baby whilst shopping in a market for groceries.
next in to of background. a A trees pool with talking the people group	A group of people talking next to a pool with trees in the background.
dog runs brown A near water. the	A brown dog runs near the water.
A along street. puppy running a	A puppy running along a street.
heap. leaping a orange snowboarder over snow A in is	A snowboarder in orange is leaping over a snow heap.
The are two that object is colored on their blue mouths. light a pulling dogs in	The two light colored dogs are pulling on a blue object that is in their mouths.
bunch camels. some A of people and	A bunch of people and some camels.
up one in glove the A field softball hand. walks black hair a with and ponytail on camouflage woman her on a in	A woman in camouflage and her hair up in a ponytail walks on the field with a black softball glove on one hand.
the The on in red stands the overalls man sidewalk.	The man in the red overalls stands on the sidewalk.
with around funny chocolate are faces. mouths children their Two pulling	Two children with chocolate around their mouths are pulling funny faces.
at A the air person beach. leaps on high in a bike a	A person on a bike leaps high in the air at a beach.
rocks. climbing yellow Person jacket snow covered a up is in	Person in a yellow jacket is climbing up snow covered rocks.
girl upside is bed down The on a	The girl is upside down on a bed
bicycle narrow down path. a Man a riding	Man riding a bicycle down a narrow path.
in shirt A wearing an rides male blue at park outdoor a night. a skateboard young	A young male wearing a blue shirt rides a skateboard in an outdoor park at night.
holding women ". love costume I say Three are papers in that you "	Three women in costume are holding papers that say " I love you ".
Highland runs the A across dirt. West Terrier	A West Highland Terrier runs across the dirt.
yellow Two umbrella. blue with are a a bathtub little and in kids	Two little kids are in a bathtub with a yellow and blue umbrella.
and mud Three little in standing ; in a river up. one naked are are is covered playing boys	Three naked little boys are playing in a river and are covered in mud ; one is standing up.
dead throw Two into the them. around air leaves children	Two children throw dead leaves into the air around them.
the children Three shoreline rocky a riverboat. near exploring	Three children exploring the rocky shoreline near a riverboat.
falling autumn leaves. the are up Little dressed who girls play in	Little girls who are dressed up play in the falling autumn leaves.
Young the outside running pavement. boy on	Young boy running outside on the pavement.
water people blue a rafting white in of raft. group a	a group of people white water rafting in a blue raft.
the A wings duck its flaps near water.	A duck flaps its wings near the water.
dirt. clowns rodeo are the Two on	Two rodeo clowns are on the dirt.
flapping wings. Duck	Duck flapping wings.
white the playing A and dog black street. in a dog	A black dog and a white dog playing in the street.
mouth. dog in black in beside catching its a is running the A brown stick dog midair along beach a	A black dog is running along the beach beside a brown dog in midair catching a stick in its mouth.
boy skateboarding railing a down stair winter in	boy skateboarding down a stair railing in winter
while a riding bike a doing person	person riding a bike doing a while
ladder in the red young on A background. boy a a line zip with	A young boy on a zip line with a red ladder in the background.
riding down a bike Man dirt a hill.	Man riding a bike down a dirt hill.
People snowy sitting a mountain. on are	People are sitting on a snowy mountain.
snow mountain. walking people A toward in group a through of the a line	A group of people walking in a line through the snow toward a mountain.
pretending a it holding is an icicle Boy gun.	Boy holding an icicle pretending it is a gun.
wrestle a Two field. dogs in	Two dogs wrestle in a field.
grey and in a brown in A look man woman the camera. at	A woman in brown and a man in grey look at the camera.
holds A shirt small wearing hand. he as a boy something light blue in smiles his	A small boy wearing a light blue shirt smiles as he holds something in his hand.
young front plays girl a of display in about the heart. museum A human	A young girl plays in front of a museum display about the human heart.
swims A tan he splashes dog through as the water.	A tan dog splashes as he swims through the water.
in the by A up man a stick a breaking holding wave ocean. is	A man is holding up a stick by a breaking wave in the ocean.
high jump. a makes A skateboarder	A skateboarder makes a high jump.
in has a the dog catch ball. A tennis jumped air to	A dog has jumped in the air to catch a tennis ball.
pot. dog hanging flower a A carrying black	A black dog carrying a hanging flower pot.
a house. green people Three in	Three people in a green house.
t-shirt child young wearing A wave. surfboard a a over a red rides	A young child wearing a red t-shirt rides a surfboard over a wave.
back running running football. the A with	A running back running with the football.
A and earpiece with an a white man is mustache smiling.	A man with a white mustache and an earpiece is smiling.
is young boy karate his A in practicing gym. a	A young boy is practicing his karate in a gym.
and in the at with white jeans A a dog man plays brown beach.	A man in jeans plays with a white and brown dog at the beach.
dirt. digging brown the in dog A is	A brown dog is digging in the dirt.
are a sport. guys The playing	The guys are playing a sport.
purse. front brown green a woman of a a in A hoodie a in a girl in is pink & red and girl a and girl with sweater jacket	A woman in a red sweater and a girl is in front of a girl in a green hoodie & a girl with a brown jacket and pink purse.
group A people to are speaking other. on of at photographs looking and wall a each	A group of people are looking at photographs on a wall and speaking to each other.
A an sheep dog a in chases enclosure.	A dog chases a sheep in an enclosure.
blue is a horse. white man hat a in riding cowboy A	A man in a blue cowboy hat is riding a white horse.
dog carrying red ball. Black and a white	Black and white dog carrying a red ball.
mid-flight beneath in jumper Motorcross grey sky. a	Motorcross jumper in mid-flight beneath a grey sky.
near store. a redhead, People, which one is of entrance are standing to the a	People, one of which is a redhead, are standing near the entrance to a store.
through a runs boy the grass.	a boy runs through the grass.
the player 25. football number A has	A football player has the number 25.
collected black from his in dog The teeth. the having object emerges water an	The black dog emerges from the water having collected an object in his teeth.
one girl in A gymnastics. blue is dressed piece little doing a	A little girl dressed in a blue one piece is doing gymnastics.
water. a riding raft the kids are The on four	The four kids are riding a raft on the water.
board. This dog yellow is the done down running	This dog is done running down the yellow board.
boy with Kids midair. one in jumping	Kids jumping with one boy in midair.
on the board air in skateboarder residential a A street. his above	A skateboarder in the air above his board on a residential street.
water. submerged diver in Scuba	Scuba diver submerged in water.
in a tennis a tank racket, purple an extends A woman holds up. upward, arm top looks and	A woman in a purple tank top holds a tennis racket, extends an arm upward, and looks up.
brown Two dogs biting on sand. other each	Two brown dogs biting each other on sand.
with a man shirt front in of standing a and A is green crowd people. of yellow	A man with a yellow and green shirt is standing in front of a crowd of people.
jumping A is down dog stairs. the	A dog is jumping down the stairs.
a and a black water. dog body in big jumping white of	a big black and white dog jumping in a body of water.
of and stands jacket wall. front in a in A a man black brick jeans	A man in a black jacket and jeans stands in front of a brick wall.
wearing is man his bearded a finger a bicycle. A bandanna pointing riding whilst	A bearded man wearing a bandanna is pointing his finger whilst riding a bicycle.
dog the its The returns master. toy to play	The dog returns the play toy to its master.
older little women under standing Two and outside flowers. girl a	Two older women and a little girl standing outside under flowers.
A man a on cliff standing	A man standing on a cliff
the in feathered one performer headdress another wearing with performer streets dancing a	one performer wearing a feathered headdress dancing with another performer in the streets
and child running. A small dog	A child and small dog running.
toddler The the touches stove. white	The toddler touches the white stove.
on a in bench. A is man long white bearded sitting clothes	A bearded man in white clothes is sitting on a long bench.
one Three up while are hand holds together and smiling signal. posing a women	Three women are posing together and smiling while one holds up a hand signal.
dog stands dog the a grass. black on on A brown top of	A black dog stands on top of a brown dog on the grass.
the up a air. a snowboard person high is There on in	There is a person on a snowboard up high in the air.
on Two playing grass. with soccer ball a are children	Two children are playing with a soccer ball on grass.
old of An a doorway. in front man stands	An old man stands in front of a doorway.
hoops. A with hula in dress is a playing white and girl red	A girl in a red and white dress is playing with hula hoops.
flying birds Several trees. in of front	Several birds flying in front of trees.
men camera posing are self two women photograph. a two and held for	two women and two men are posing for a self held camera photograph.
boy to the with the A drive his pretends on car, young hand horn.	A young boy pretends to drive the car, with his hand on the horn.
wrestling puppies on green grass. Two are	Two puppies are wrestling on green grass.
Rodeo rider on charging bull.	Rodeo rider on charging bull.
rock. climbs shirt in red a the The boy large	The boy in the red shirt climbs a large rock.
a A dog towards on dog each and beach. tan run other black	A black dog and tan dog run towards each other on a beach.
men a are party. Two young at	Two young men are at a party.
a skateboarder jumping ramp. from A	A skateboarder jumping from a ramp.
a wheelchair woman park. and toddler A a a in at	A woman in a wheelchair and a toddler at a park.
coat pink blond a girl in with a tree. hides little A	A little blond girl with a pink coat hides in a tree.
with deep is A fur chest water. dog golden in	A dog with golden fur is chest deep in water.
Two street holding asian bags. down men red walking the	Two asian men walking down the street holding red bags.
play the in dogs grass. two	two dogs play in the grass.
trip. A a family on in the snow standing sledding	A family standing in the snow on a sledding trip.
a kayak wave pedalling through red in a man a	a man in a red kayak pedalling through a wave
baby swing. toddler Blue-eyed in	Blue-eyed baby in toddler swing.
with stick playing Two shallow dogs water. a in	Two dogs playing with a stick in shallow water.
group outside a standing of Large people of building.	Large group of people standing outside of a building.
long a in through woods. carries mouth the very A stick his rottweiler	A rottweiler carries a very long stick in his mouth through the woods.
water dogs Two trees. the near run through	Two dogs run through the water near trees.
at nighttime women a a Two and party. child celebrating	Two women and a child celebrating at a nighttime party.
on lands water. the A seagull	A seagull lands on the water.
and a dirt white red a racing racetrack. car race on	a red and white race car racing on a dirt racetrack.
a riding over The man motorcycle is jagged rocks.	The man is riding a motorcycle over jagged rocks.
in clothes in swimming a Children field.	Children in swimming clothes in a field.
dog a is number A the 8 track. white down wearing racing midstride running	A white racing dog wearing the number 8 is midstride running down a track.
playing with grass dog. Woman on small	Woman on grass playing with small dog.
a in A curved male near a large archway. black shirt	A male in a black shirt near a large curved archway.
a the eleven. four a a number in through man husky pulling race by snow guided are sled wearing dogs	four husky dogs are pulling a sled in a race through the snow guided by a man wearing number eleven.
bubbles. up The child jumps at	The child jumps up at bubbles.
the in were crowd. The girls	The girls were in the crowd.
store. people inside a Six	Six people inside a store.
against trashcan A with leaning a woman " subway station Dupont the in wall Circle right. the the to "	A woman leaning against the wall in the " Dupont Circle " subway station with a trashcan to the right.
as girl camera she plays. looks wearing young A the white at	A young girl wearing white looks at the camera as she plays.
are blue front Three black in mostly of wearing people standing a door.	Three people wearing mostly black are standing in front of a blue door.
a in man cap gray A fishing.	A man in a gray cap fishing.
jumps boys looks boy in another while A water on. the	A boys jumps in the water while another boy looks on.
white and brown harness is is woman that holding the the wearing. dog The	The woman is holding the harness that the brown and white dog is wearing.
people the in with ocean are Five city kayak behind them. paddling the a	Five people are paddling a kayak in the ocean with the city behind them.
wrestling a Two field. are in dogs	Two dogs are wrestling in a field.
rocks its A dog onto is in of some with brown a water ball the mouth. tennis out pulling itself	A brown dog is pulling itself out of the water onto some rocks with a tennis ball in its mouth.
swing. on blonde played The child haired the	The blonde haired child played on the swing.
wavy kayaks water. in man A	A man kayaks in wavy water.
hats young Three in girls dancing. are	Three young girls in hats are dancing.
outstretched. top man hill standing stone The arms with his on a stump of is a on	The man is standing on a stone stump on top of a hill with his arms outstretched.
man kayaking. red with A a helmet	A man with a red helmet kayaking.
goes a with a backdrop. skier as mountain hill down A a	A skier goes down a hill with a mountain as a backdrop.
children a swings park. on are seven in playing	seven children are playing on swings in a park.
his does young a man A with on tricks course. bike	A young man does tricks with his bike on a course.
sweater the couch camera woman a in being the The the by is whilst watched on pink girl playing with	The girl in the pink sweater is playing with a camera whilst being watched by the woman on the couch
play in the children yard. outside Two	Two children play outside in the yard.
for and outside ladies a of young building camera. the smile brick Two pose	Two young ladies pose outside of a brick building and smile for the camera.
A rail boy his jumping skateboard. on a	A boy jumping a rail on his skateboard.
man area. in skateboarding is a a graffiti-heavy shirt purple in A	A man in a purple shirt is skateboarding in a graffiti-heavy area.
doing cement a a cement raling stairs. young A on over trick skateboard person	A young person doing a skateboard trick on a cement raling over cement stairs.
long long A pants man and a a in overlooking stands city. sleeves hat with	A man in a hat with long sleeves and long pants stands overlooking a city.
the catches The and shaggy dog leaps ball.	The shaggy dog leaps and catches the ball.
on and two women one man A motorcycle.	A man and two women on one motorcycle.
dogs run Two black green the along grass.	Two black dogs run along the green grass.
wave. A on is a surfer	A surfer is on a wave.
a the jump a of top hat white day. skateboarder and with A black on snowy a at	A skateboarder with a black and white hat at the top of a jump on a snowy day.
three Two the and at men ladies looking ocean.	Two ladies and three men looking at the ocean.
smiling corn black stalks. waving stands among and stocky with woman hair A dried	A stocky woman with black hair stands smiling and waving among dried corn stalks.
on on near other hind grassy Two a legs faces with each dogs field.	Two dogs on hind legs with faces near each other on a grassy field.
walkway. on a outside walk People wooden	People walk outside on a wooden walkway.
of picture group The under a the tree. take adults	The group of adults take a picture under the tree.
A kid is swing. on down upside a	A kid is upside down on a swing.
a bicycle helmet patterned rides path. his red A wearing small boy a down	A small boy wearing a red helmet rides his bicycle down a patterned path.
smiling dog. a A punching woman	A smiling woman punching a dog.
making child and two other cheek. kids, face a An the one with adult kissing the adult's	An adult with two kids, one child making a face and the other kissing the adult's cheek.
playing while on. a woman equipment play with child A looks	A woman playing with play equipment while a child looks on.
some A the in while people direction the hold crowd hands same their of facing air. is	A crowd of people is facing the same direction while some hold their hands in the air.
red horse. in broom A little like a a riding jacket a kid	A little kid in a red jacket riding a broom like a horse.
the Three street and drinking on women posing	Three women on the street drinking and posing
doing a in A is young handstand pool. girl a	A young girl is doing a handstand in a pool.
ice other people. with skate boys Two	Two boys ice skate with other people.
for the two soccer run ball. players	two players run for the soccer ball.
coat running A person red black a dog. brown and and a in	A person in a red coat and a running black and brown dog.
in beside white fanning a standing A woman herself. road a shirt	A woman in a white shirt standing beside a road fanning herself.
looks baby on. holds woman a while child A another	A woman holds a baby while another child looks on.
The hillside. have the children rocky laps on their in sitting couple	The couple have children sitting in their laps on the rocky hillside.
a at a looks in chairs people mom sitting of a crowd plastic her shirt in white girl in red	a girl in a red shirt looks at her mom in a crowd of people sitting in white plastic chairs
to uniform A looking in right Miami a basketball man the	A man in a Miami basketball uniform looking to the right
with and stick. playing dog brown one a dog One white	One white dog and one brown dog playing with a stick.
back. stock white watch Onlookers has coming car out smoke the that a of	Onlookers watch a white stock car that has smoke coming out of the back.
Someone splashing water. sun-lit ankle-high through is	Someone is splashing through ankle-high sun-lit water.
on their each heads men with a facing in sunglasses other crowd. Two	Two men with sunglasses on their heads facing each other in a crowd.
holding outside basketball. black Tall red stands man in and	Tall man in red and black stands outside holding basketball.
feamle walks woman follows. while baseball teammate playing her her A to back base	A woman playing baseball walks back to her base while her feamle teammate follows.
guitar. playing streets man the a while walking the	a man walking the streets while playing the guitar.
outside stands in cafe. orange an top girl tank a A	A girl in an orange tank top stands outside a cafe.
covered Man in snowboard snow the hill. down a air a on sliding	Man on a snowboard sliding in the air down a snow covered hill.
to curb. listening on mp3 player sitting Person	Person listening to mp3 player sitting on curb.
playing Uniformed soccer children	Uniformed children playing soccer
and playing in dog is A white black water.	A black and white dog is playing in water.
standing tutu a head. in pink A on her girl	A girl in a pink tutu standing on her head.
young talking a in on street Asia. are girls to Two another one busy	Two young girls are talking to one another on a busy street in Asia.
woods. man A jumping bike shirtless the in a	A shirtless man jumping a bike in the woods.
carrying snow. in A brown the toy a dog is	A brown dog is carrying a toy in the snow.
of field. in children A group a	A group of children in a field.
boys ball. a Two kicking in field a soccer	Two boys in a field kicking a soccer ball.
in gold on the has beard. his man The robe	The man in the robe has gold on his beard.
in ball looking front of kicking medieval Children building large very	Children kicking ball in front of very large medieval looking building
A a dog basement next window. white to	A white dog next to a basement window.
the dog The bar. leaping is over	The dog is leaping over the bar.
man waterskis. A	A man waterskis.
rock with strung a Claus Christmas Santa lights. climbing	Santa Claus climbing a rock strung with Christmas lights.
the sits on floor. dog black a	a black dog sits on the floor.
the a train girl tracks. in stands	a girl stands in the train tracks.
some roller-skating next to white is man A down the wall steps.	A man is roller-skating down the wall next to some white steps.
shows a off Veteran different things from war.	Veteran shows off different things from a war.
fence. standing Two metal green children are a on	Two children are standing on a green metal fence.
parachute A landing sunsets is him. the his behind as making	A parachute is making his landing as the sunsets behind him.
snow. in person flip is and skiing a doing the A	A person is skiing and doing a flip in the snow.
A some wooden with is blocks. building boy small	A small boy is building with some wooden blocks.
mouth. in green with dog out A its a climbing brown ball is of water the	A brown dog is climbing out of the water with a green ball in its mouth.
field. Two kids playing in a soccer	Two kids playing soccer in a field.
tennis the mouth. water dog ball runs a a its in in with	a dog runs in the water with a tennis ball in its mouth.
in in bend around colors different cyclists the Ten a track. are racing	Ten cyclists in different colors are racing around a bend in the track.
uniform, is who player uniform the the the the player in ball. The guarding orange blue in basketball has	The basketball player in the blue uniform is guarding the player in the orange uniform, who has the ball.
A blue in is riding wetsuit surfboard a a boy	A boy in a blue wetsuit is riding a surfboard
Boy look tree puppy on climbs a girl and	Boy and girl look on a puppy climbs tree
ride. A on dress in a sitting red swing girl a	A girl in a dress sitting on a red swing ride.
This parking falling a a scooter, lot. is off in person	This person is falling off a scooter, in a parking lot.
a wearing man on a A red jump performs a young skateboard. red jacket	A young man wearing a red jacket performs a jump on a red skateboard.
white small dog running A	A small white dog running
A in dog a brown the wave beach run background. with to a along begins	A brown dog begins to run along a beach with a wave in the background.
with climbing rock a man glasses wall. A	A man with glasses climbing a rock wall.
door A chair person in a sitting a of in front glass	A person sitting in a chair in front of a glass door
in something a net the catch to air. A uses long-handled person	A person uses a long-handled net to catch something in the air.
a watching man sunset. in A mountains standing the	A man standing in the mountains watching a sunset.
under trees. green People eat	People eat under green trees.
locker a Asian girls through room. walking four are	four Asian girls are walking through a locker room.
in Mouse the laying of down Mickey including midst Child stuffed Tigger animals and	Child laying down in the midst of stuffed animals including Mickey Mouse and Tigger
hair A corn. with ear dark very large of person eating a is	A person with dark hair is eating a very large ear of corn.
football a ball running player the with game. at A	A football player running with the ball at a game.
biker bike. BMX dirt a off A his attempts trick	A BMX biker attempts a trick off his dirt bike.
on does their bike. A tricks person	A person does tricks on their bike.
a a A on hiker is mountaintop. with up backpack misty	A hiker with a backpack is up on a misty mountaintop.
sprinkler. brown large the A face in dog his is sticking	A large brown dog is sticking his face in the sprinkler.
grass. brown field in long dog green A running of	A brown dog running in field of long green grass.
wildflowers. pose Three children among	Three children pose among wildflowers.
white bank. A the by brown is and river the in dog standing	A brown and white dog is standing in the river by the bank.
his ball to on Dog orange jumps get head.	Dog jumps to get orange ball on his head.
dance of tutus in get Group ready ballerinas to white	Group of ballerinas in white tutus get ready to dance
a motorcyclist and A a a pigeons, woman street bench. with on	A street with pigeons, a motorcyclist and a woman on a bench.
man A surfboard. a rides yellow	A man rides a yellow surfboard.
a river a fishing pleasant enjoy Two on morning. boat a in men	Two men in a fishing boat on a river enjoy a pleasant morning.
rides black man bike wooden a in a on ramp. A	A man in black rides a bike on a wooden ramp.
Shirtless climbs rock a steep face. man	Shirtless man climbs a steep rock face.
A upside a tree kid from hanging down	A kid hanging upside down from a tree
and green shirt A man red snowboard. cap in on blue a a	A man in a blue shirt and green cap on a red snowboard.
shoveling jacket blue and rocks orange man is another on. hat while looks an yellow A in in man and vest a	A man in an orange vest and hat is shoveling rocks while another man in a yellow and blue jacket looks on.
watching black dog A rocks. on a lawn of white pile a is a to jump large next dog	A white dog is watching a black dog jump on a lawn next to a pile of large rocks.
snow day. a mountain A walking covered on up bright person a	A person walking up a snow covered mountain on a bright day.
the Olympics on runner track. woman Special	Special Olympics woman runner on the track.
ocean board. dropping a into a on from the A man rope	A man dropping from a rope into the ocean on a board.
catching the Dog Frisbee.	Dog catching the Frisbee.
in child grassy playing along the running A is water muddy a area.	A child is playing in the muddy water running along a grassy area.
women prom costumed holding night ". Two poster entitled " a	Two costumed women holding a poster entitled " prom night ".
trying is field, yellow in catch A with mouth. yellow and its dog a and to in blue collar toy a brown a	A yellow dog with a brown collar is in a field, and trying to catch a yellow and blue toy in its mouth.
of A treads mountainside. shallow located on dog area rocky through a a water	A dog treads through a shallow area of water located on a rocky mountainside.
a in black looks snow. at A the dog puppy white	A white dog looks at a black puppy in the snow.
a concrete on rollerblader A form.	A rollerblader on a concrete form.
has that Person on piano painting side the mermaid playing	Person playing piano that has mermaid painting on the side
on A a is preparing young in hand. girl to her blow dandelion	A young girl is preparing to blow on a dandelion in her hand.
is ball boy a his the with A in water hand. jumping into	A boy is jumping into the water with a ball in his hand.
a frozen person standing lake. on A	A person standing on a frozen lake.
girl A and fancy dress tiara. a wears a	A girl wears a fancy dress and a tiara.
display. meat restaurant Tiny with in handing	Tiny restaurant with meat handing in display.
wall a are walk rock women a while Two others along path. on	Two women are on a rock wall while others walk along a path.
dogs running on racetrack. a Three	Three dogs running on a racetrack.
motorists on oddly along their vehicle designed and colored. that riding are Two is	Two motorists are riding along on their vehicle that is oddly designed and colored.
camera. in a shirt blue a holding man A	A man in a blue shirt holding a camera.
mountain. on air a through snowy doing snowboarder flying A trick a the	A snowboarder flying through the air doing a trick on a snowy mountain.
shirt in bench. a table on picnic red sitting wooden boy little a A	A little boy in a red shirt sitting on a wooden picnic table bench.
skates through street in fair. A green a woman	A woman in green skates through a street fair.
Two bulletproof watch to the black vests right place the men of something taking in picture.	Two men in black bulletproof vests watch something taking place to the right of the picture.
girl scooter riding the beach. a near A	A girl riding a scooter near the beach.
train, waiting other. ignoring a A each for are a man and woman	A man and a woman are waiting for a train, ignoring each other.
a dogs. playing two black in with A sweatshirt blue Frisbee boy	A boy in a blue sweatshirt playing Frisbee with two black dogs.
flip back doing picture. another A man a a takes while	A man doing a back flip while another takes a picture.
a people soccer town. of in part less of playing A developed group	A group of people playing soccer in a less developed part of town.
An street. looks small stage at a crowd up older the in	An older crowd looks up at a small stage in the street.
in a of playing Two water. spray children	Two children playing in a spray of water.
religious A at by surrounded woman a men. podium speaks	A woman speaks at a podium surrounded by religious men.
blonde across a A climbing net. child	A blonde child climbing across a net.
at group attention stand funeral. A a at VFW	A VFW group stand at attention at a funeral.
a pulls feet. sweater kayak A man his as his lays at on	A man pulls on his sweater as a kayak lays at his feet.
cricket closely man a A shot. inspects playing	A man playing cricket closely inspects a shot.
drinking a from dog A creek.	A dog drinking from a creek.
water. a creek and through dog runs spashes A	A dog runs through a creek and spashes water.
A dirty look. white guy a giving	A white guy giving a dirty look.
mountain on with person a arms of top over head. A	A person on top of a mountain with arms over head.
with ball. glove on, black a and a and A in the player baseball pitches orange shirt,	A baseball player in a black and orange shirt, and with a glove on, pitches the ball.
front frames hold People their in faces. cardboard of	People hold cardboard frames in front of their faces.
walking. of group adults A are	A group of adults are walking.
off is swimsuit person A building. a diving in a	A person in a swimsuit is diving off a building.
shorts woodland in the beside Three a rocks stream. walking orange are boys on	Three boys in orange shorts are walking on the rocks beside a woodland stream.
a running are dogs rocky along hill. Two	Two dogs are running along a rocky hill.
a each Two little man dirt as other watches. brush off boys	Two little boys brush dirt off each other as a man watches.
grassy Little towards a a in boy tree. running field	Little boy running in a grassy field towards a tree.
white dog A splashing through is the water.	A white dog is splashing through the water.
walk street. on the along People	People walk along on the street.
cups. in of of boxes women and tea Two front	Two women in front of boxes of tea and cups.
grassy Two through brown field. run dogs a	Two brown dogs run through a grassy field.
the freshly hat. is man cap a in boy purple to wearing The fish the caught the handing	The man wearing the cap is handing a freshly caught fish to the boy in the purple hat.
adult along beach. the and An walk children three	An adult and three children walk along the beach.
face of woman out posing with another floats the a woman pool for A in camera. with nearby water her	A woman floats with her face out of water in a pool with another woman nearby posing for the camera.
on Two women path. a with their dogs forest	Two women with their dogs on a forest path.
a red man soaring A parachute. with	A man soaring with a red parachute.
Some a outside children building. stand	Some children stand outside a building.
water of wet on the a the the sand is edge The at beach. the male doing handstand at	The male is doing a handstand on the wet sand at the edge of the water at the beach.
over the are a men passing child of the other boat. each to The side	The men are passing a child to each other over the side of the boat.
from The large tossed is wave. by man board a boogie his	The man is tossed from his boogie board by a large wave.
running dogs field. are through Two a white	Two white dogs are running through a field.
a trick pyramid. Young on jumping a man masonry bicycle off	Young man on a trick bicycle jumping off a masonry pyramid.
to soccer goal. A ball the kick player the about near is	A soccer player is about to kick the ball near the goal.
background. a of in canoe, full people A people boat rowing a the of with bunch	A bunch of people rowing a canoe, with a boat full of people in the background.
A swims while its dog mouth. a stick in carrying	A dog swims while carrying a stick in its mouth.
wearing little red hand. hat boy a Ritz cracker his in A with an	A little boy wearing a red hat with an Ritz cracker in his hand.
above black towards boat. dog a The Frisbee the a near jumps floating water	The black dog jumps above the water towards a Frisbee floating near a boat.
A grass. the green bounds across dog	A dog bounds across the green grass.
A girl is peach. blond-hair eating a	A blond-hair girl is eating a peach.
screen. with girl looking the camera, A a at	A girl with a camera, looking at the screen.
holding boarding. A man ropes onto while boogie	A man holding onto ropes while boogie boarding.
dogs. Two	Two dogs.
Two stare a structures nearby. with crumbling at young horse child	Two horse stare at a young child with crumbling structures nearby.
is snow. playing dog black in the A	A black dog is playing in the snow.
grass. Two in play around the dogs	Two dogs play around in the grass.
sitting top at a Four the people of hill. are	Four people are sitting at the top of a hill.
of out An eat to his still the stretches neck things egret water.	An egret stretches his neck to eat things out of the still water.
and pole smiles. his on sits foot A with a man	A man sits with his foot on a pole and smiles.
for a Several lean photograph. together people	Several people lean together for a photograph.
black with red, Two from them. a hang cloudy skies people gliding white blue, glider behind and	Two people hang gliding from a red, white and black glider with blue, cloudy skies behind them.
black A playing the ocean. small in child	A small black child playing in the ocean.
sun. sailing rising the boat A past	A boat sailing past the rising sun.
slide. air-filled the Two down girls slide	Two girls slide down the air-filled slide.
outside. Two are playing dogs	Two dogs are playing outside.
Man sitting on a bench sidewalk. the on	Man sitting on a bench on the sidewalk.
water. in gear wade light dark through A man and man in deep a gear	A man in dark gear and a man in light gear wade through deep water.
in dog the running grass stick in mouth. a his A with	A dog running in the grass with a stick in his mouth.
holding handles wheeled on kid object two	kid holding handles on two wheeled object
sand dogs brown on the Two	Two brown dogs on the sand
a dock. on sitting Two people	Two people sitting on a dock.
a watch Some teenagers screen near some Mini Coopers.	Some teenagers watch a screen near some Mini Coopers.
A a in walks parking man lot. car a toward	A man walks toward a car in a parking lot.
with blue ball. dog a A	A dog with a blue ball.
off hill. jumping snowboarding a of is snow A and man	A man is snowboarding and jumping off of a snow hill.
a Three track. are race the at greyhounds in dog	Three greyhounds are in a dog race at the track.
running to Girl pool. a next	Girl running next to a pool.
celebrate and St Three green busy street. on white women up a Patrick's by day dressing in	Three women celebrate St Patrick's day by dressing up in green and white on a busy street.
two sit slopes. stand, Two on skiers	Two skiers stand, two sit on slopes.
near dog body each large standing small dog water. a brown A of a are beside brown and other	A large brown dog and a small brown dog are standing near each other beside a body of water.
Two people on snowy film a day.	Two people film on a snowy day.
purple skateboard up rides a a wearing A ramp. boy	A boy wearing purple rides a skateboard up a ramp.
in woman a a camera hoodie holds A beach a striped on	A woman in a striped hoodie holds a camera on a beach
distance. looks int other with a hat glasses A warm lady and	A lady with glasses and a warm hat looks int other distance.
dog some jumping A is over logs.	A dog is jumping over some logs.
through running A dog the water.	A dog running through the water.
sitting A a boy stump. on	A boy sitting on a stump.
a is dog through sheep a white sniffing fence. A	A white dog is sniffing a sheep through a fence.
water to in dog play the A jumping is	A dog is jumping to play in the water
sidewalk away a man A walk up from water. the woman and	A man and woman walk up a sidewalk away from the water.
in standing An eagle water.	An eagle standing in water.
rope. with helmet girl a red of a lot carying A	A girl with a red helmet carying a lot of rope.
each players tackle getting to Two football are ready other	Two football players are getting ready to tackle each other
football football player in the player ball the gets on by A of a tackled possession opposing team.	A football player in possession of the ball gets tackled by a football player on the opposing team.
standing shower out. is under man The tongue sticking his with a	The man is standing under a shower with his tongue sticking out.
setting. child in a young park A swings	A young child swings in a park setting.
Two in lake. the one grass a another dogs nussle near	Two dogs nussle one another in the grass near a lake.
return their field to the The during girls game. softball	The girls return to the field during their softball game.
behind a walking beverage her. woman guy a with and A	A woman with a beverage and a guy walking behind her.
brown terrier. licking small is dog white a A and brown	A brown and white dog is licking a small brown terrier.
a outdoors. A violin plays woman	A woman plays a violin outdoors.
group street walk on building. of front of yellow red a and with in ribbon a men white A	A group of men walk on a street with yellow ribbon in front of a white and red building.
red in white man A holds pointed a hat umbrella. a	A man in a pointed red hat holds a white umbrella.
alike dogs look brow big wrestle. Two who	Two big brow dogs who look alike wrestle.
two a and road. the are of snowy on men bikes their The side	The two men and their bikes are on the side of a snowy road.
red climbing roping. little on girl A	A little girl climbing on red roping.
A ball. pair with playing of purple dogs a	A pair of dogs playing with a purple ball.
lot people are building. gathered A mosque-like around of a	A lot of people are gathered around a mosque-like building.
girl a tree. pink a A flower in hat pick a from	A girl in a pink hat pick a flower from a tree.
is of hill. riding up A bike the a side a guy	A guy is riding a bike up the side of a hill.
standing beach. A on boy a	A boy standing on a beach.
A man wearing a post. against cap baseball leaning a	A man wearing a baseball cap leaning against a post.
away dog it. running white the trees building with woods Orange surrounded from in by	Orange building in the woods surrounded by trees with white dog running away from it.
woman dog blue a and the behind a her. has dog black right of vest to brown in a shorts and The her	The woman in blue shorts and a brown vest has a black dog to the right of her and a dog behind her.
the surrounded by light. rock climbing man A forest in	A man rock climbing in the forest surrounded by light.
board along skateboarder lot. boundary parking of riding is his stone the a a	a skateboarder is riding his board along the boundary stone of a parking lot.
tennis dogs playing a field. brown in with a grassy ball Several	Several brown dogs playing with a tennis ball in a grassy field.
an a a with run in making footballer American the white is strip ball.	an American footballer in a white strip is making a run with the ball.
stream. sitting are muddy a Four boys in	Four boys are sitting in a muddy stream.
the flags. waving The American military children uniform greets man in	The man in the military uniform greets children waving American flags.
woman purple is face sun covered A a young her with in scarf. laying by the	A young woman is laying in the sun with her face covered by a purple scarf.
cowboy in being by on a A man horse brown a hat stepped	A man in a cowboy hat being stepped on by a brown horse
A by down. elevator head with stands an man his	A man stands by an elevator with his head down.
a paper a A while crown wearing young sitting boy grocery in cart. is	A young boy is wearing a paper crown while sitting in a grocery cart.
in ball dog its mouth. a A catches	A dog catches a ball in its mouth.
boy jacket ramp. in skateboard little the a a The is riding green on	The little boy in the green jacket is riding a skateboard on a ramp.
wooden A bench. a on child down is laying	A child is laying down on a wooden bench.
into A a wooden jumps water from the red swim board. in trunks youth	A youth in red swim trunks jumps into the water from a wooden board.
down costumes. man a Santa dressed busy men A Claus city walks street in with	A man walks down a busy city street with men dressed in Santa Claus costumes.
are outside. people jumping Two rope	Two people are jumping rope outside.
by owner dogs a with playing pond their	dogs playing with their owner by a pond
fountain. the three near walk dogs	three dogs walk near the fountain.
on black dog tries catch red white and The green Frisbee grass. a to	The black and white dog tries to catch a red Frisbee on green grass.
child small a purple A down slides slide.	A small child slides down a purple slide.
in boy sits camera. a Little in for a chair the posing robe	Little boy in a robe sits in a chair posing for the camera.
men Two wearing black	Two men wearing black
players. around fencing a shirt man in amongst black wanders A	A man in a black shirt wanders around amongst fencing players.
lawn. the badminton Children play on	Children play badminton on the lawn.
dressed in is building. festive gathered outfits group outside of people A	A group of people dressed in festive outfits is gathered outside building.
a long a white yellow and old black has and The hat. beard man	The old man has a long white beard and a yellow and black hat.
A man a child is in for the bed a hospital guitar playing	A man is playing the guitar for a child in a hospital bed
on jumping in dog a the A off dog background. and grass the fence another	A dog jumping off a fence and another dog on the grass in the background.
a rock climber wall. rock a climbs	a rock climber climbs a rock wall.
are A people group of large eating at a asian restaurant.	A large group of asian people are eating at a restaurant.
pushing wheelchair. a a in boy The man is little	The little boy is pushing a man in a wheelchair.
of the black cheerleaders are in cheerleaders red red front in standing of on a an two other shoulders curtain.	two cheerleaders in red an black are standing on the shoulders of other cheerleaders in front of a red curtain.
in a shore, sea. dog the stands its in feet red rocky A	A red dog stands in a rocky shore, its feet in the sea.
the makes empty an only mountain. skier A on path	A skier makes the only path on an empty mountain.
in paint. finger Boy covered	Boy covered in finger paint.
playing park. baseball the Children at Two	Two Children playing baseball at the park.
on plaid chairs. men sit Four wearing	Four men wearing plaid sit on chairs.
toward a dogs the tennis background. stands run another ball Four in while	Four dogs run toward a tennis ball while another stands in the background.
stunt skateboarder is a a covered on performing graffiti ramp. skateboard	a skateboarder is performing stunt on a graffiti covered skateboard ramp.
Three faces. little boys together making sit	Three little boys sit together making faces.
a backyard a A runs with tennis ball a for dog courtyard. tile in	A dog runs for a tennis ball in a backyard with a tile courtyard.
two carrying man red A is wearing sunglasses cameras.	A man wearing red sunglasses is carrying two cameras.
young are posing Four of a window Asian front in women	Four young Asian women are posing in front of a window
A dog collar with holding stick green a in brown mouth. its	A brown dog with green collar holding a stick in its mouth.
do playing while Four outdoors. backbends girls	Four girls do backbends while playing outdoors.
of A of unseen group and people an pictures clap subject. take	A group of people clap and take pictures of an unseen subject.
A girl is ball of ready in game the serve a getting tennis. to	A girl is getting ready to serve the ball in a game of tennis.
shirt his man with face a dramatic wearing look a on a yellow	a man wearing a yellow shirt with a dramatic look on his face
flying shirt jumping or open. air the his A child in her with	A child jumping in the air with his or her shirt flying open.
in two wearing man background a a jumping in is that yellow the of middle on the beds a boy standing shirt	a man wearing a yellow shirt standing in the middle of two beds that a boy is jumping on in the background
the in water. black dog A splashes	A black dog splashes in the water.
in fancy are outside. Two standing dresses young girls	Two young girls in fancy dresses are standing outside.
man a bicycle. wearing A pedaling socks white is	A man wearing white socks is pedaling a bicycle.
over in yellow A is overalls walking child packed dirt.	A child in yellow overalls is walking over packed dirt.
A beach on man in front ocean. of the back is flip a a doing	A man is doing a back flip on a beach in front of the ocean.
something, at smiling. down one Two is girls looking	Two girls looking down at something, one is smiling.
the forest. Three stroll a in friends on	Three friends on a stroll in the forest.
in playground. at the air Two a chasing dogs the toy	Two dogs chasing a toy in the air at the playground.
dog A woman black cheers. is a in it midair behind as	A black dog is in midair as a woman behind it cheers.
black wearing shakes dog red off. collar water a The	The black dog wearing a red collar shakes water off.
the is The dog snow in trees. of in some front	The dog is in the snow in front of some trees.
a current stream biker performing with in shallow wheelie BMX	BMX biker in shallow stream with current performing a wheelie
A park. a while a man in bearded sitting on wall reads	A bearded man reads while sitting on a wall in a park.
defending as the of are base the two team towards fielder a batting slide member it.	two fielder are defending the base as a member of the batting team slide towards it.
Three a on car. passengers train	Three passengers on a train car.
white on beach. carrying the black dog A a ball and	A white and black dog carrying a ball on the beach.
ducks in jacket on A display. camouflage boy several yellow notices	A boy in camouflage jacket notices several yellow ducks on display.
tennis water a running is carrying A neck-deep through ball. dog brown	A brown dog is running through neck-deep water carrying a tennis ball.
A jumps the air sky surfing. in man while	A man jumps in the air while sky surfing.
woman in sunglasses tree. barefoot in The the sits	The barefoot woman in sunglasses sits in the tree.
him. snow over child of A sleds watch a mound others as	A child sleds over a mound of snow as others watch him.
in course obstacle jumping bar dog Black	Black dog jumping bar in obstacle course
in a blue coat Man sign. holding a	Man in a blue coat holding a sign.
A looks has red a person at black camera. and shirt their crossed in the and arms	A person in a red and black shirt has their arms crossed and looks at the camera.
hapily Two playing a park. girls in	Two girls hapily playing in a park.
a run-down vacation a advertising in on A street. billboard	A billboard advertising a vacation in on a run-down street.
white through cattails dried coming through leaps dog the snow. A	A white dog leaps through dried cattails coming through the snow.
with in in a hand person boat paddle a	person in a boat with a paddle in hand
a men climbing two mountain	two men climbing a mountain
to opening A the fountain. a boy next of	A boy next to the opening of a fountain.
next on kids, sidewalk river. umbrella, closed around a holding a to run Three one a	Three kids, one holding a closed umbrella, run around on a sidewalk next to a river.
large dog two dogs around running snow. in the and smaller A	A large dog and two smaller dogs running around in the snow.
in boat an raft two men orange	two men in an orange raft boat
into a dressed speaking Indian, a man as an microphone	a man dressed as an Indian, speaking into a microphone
top foot with outstreached and in leg one jumping pants and black orange other an pointed Girl dressed same. the in background	Girl in black pants and an orange top jumping with one leg outstreached and foot pointed other in background dressed the same.
is in fast-food of a walking restaurant. woman A front	A woman is walking in front of a fast-food restaurant.
fire. large people sit Two around a	Two people sit around a large fire.
dog of his stick black in body a a water in mouth. A with jumps	A black dog jumps in a body of water with a stick in his mouth.
mouth dog A running its and open. brown with is white	A brown and white dog is running with its mouth open.
through the Two running dogs grass.	Two dogs running through the grass.
shirt guitar. small performer with performing Street in colorful	Street performer in colorful shirt performing with small guitar.
a has hair cellphone. man bleached style is on A and in Afro his tips	A man has bleached tips in his Afro style hair and is on a cellphone.
a Two on are people snow-covered mountain.	Two people are on a snow-covered mountain.
the surf dogs at Two wet into sunset. run	Two wet dogs run into the surf at sunset.
football. the is to next boy on the ground The	The boy is on the ground next to the football.
A through an course. dog obstacle weaving	A dog weaving through an obstacle course.
dancing blond The house. girl is a inside	The blond girl is dancing inside a house.
dogs leashes. on are a being building led Two into	Two dogs are being led into a building on leashes.
in pain wrestler while in crouches opposite walks A his opponent the direction.	A wrestler crouches in pain while his opponent walks in the opposite direction.
golf are golf a course. on playing people Two	Two people are playing golf on a golf course.
a is gathering A town square. in crowd	A crowd is gathering in a town square.
meat. of in man gyro in stands front A white	A man in white stands in front of gyro meat.
The the hockey goalkeeper for reaching ball. is out	The hockey goalkeeper is reaching out for the ball.
city sees by the as he is something him baby The carried through Dad. that excites being	The baby sees something that excites him as he is being carried through the city by Dad.
darts boy communal is and a blue a has white craft in a boy out wearing looks apron room on. whilst in A arms	A boy wearing a white apron has is arms out in a communal darts and craft room whilst a boy in blue looks on.
pop his smiles. man a lolly mouth with in A	A man with a lolly pop in his mouth smiles.
stick play with Dogs	Dogs play with stick
getting in shirt kid red pooh wet little	little kid in red pooh shirt getting wet
a rock A sits near mountains. man on	A man sits on a rock near mountains.
a field brown stand and a a dog trees. in of of in white and running and black front grassy white A	A black and white and a brown and white dog running in a grassy field in front of a stand of trees.
on a swings ride young at children Two playground. the	Two young children ride on the swings at a playground.
white and to a puddle black grey bed. brown next fighting another a and dog on	a grey and white puddle fighting next to another black and brown dog on a bed.
climbs an climbing Someone wall. indoor	Someone climbs an indoor climbing wall.
an shirt with is little orange boy outside bubbles. A with playing	A little boy with an orange shirt is playing outside with bubbles.
trucks background. a crossing Three in with men street, the	Three men crossing a street, with trucks in the background.
A blue a on a is man on wave. surfboard	A man on a blue surfboard is on a wave.
with water long behind. trees team their A boat paddles through the	A team paddles their long boat through the water with trees behind.
slide. to A child of top the a climbs	A child climbs to the top of a slide.
carrying stick. Two are in a swimming dogs water whist	Two dogs are swimming in water whist carrying a stick.
fuzzy standing haired nose dog A in the it low has is grass gray cut in. its	A gray fuzzy haired dog has its nose in the low cut grass it is standing in.
kids of box with are Legos. playing Two a	Two kids are playing with a box of Legos.
while man a wearing A parachute. skis	A man skis while wearing a parachute.
view a and of scenic water. face making A girl of in a jumps front mountains	A girl making a face jumps in front of a scenic view of mountains and water.
people scene elegant of older dressed of times street	street scene of elegant dressed people of older times
A of people with on at colorful bus wave people a below. group flags the	A group of people on a bus with colorful flags wave at the people below.
airborne the A top ramp. of at and becomes black yellow skateboarder a	A skateboarder becomes airborne at the top of a black and yellow ramp.
coat a black A snow. dog in the is white in standing	A white dog in a black coat is standing in the snow.
shaped ski is A suspended water skateboard. that holding a man while large a like above is	A man is suspended above water while holding a large ski that is shaped like a skateboard.
wooden are and The building. white a in clothes people in maroon	The people in white and maroon clothes are in a wooden building.
a of gathered house. a people snow by outside are mound Some	Some people are gathered by a mound of snow outside a house.
child sidewalk. A is young riding a scooter down wheeled the 3	A young child is riding a 3 wheeled scooter down the sidewalk.
and vendors. street with white A filled tents, market pedestrians,	A street market filled with white tents, pedestrians, and vendors.
a game. during boy uniform soccer field running a a A in in	A boy in a soccer uniform running in a field during a game.
pool a are dodging in splash. giant a people Three	Three people are in a pool dodging a giant splash.
grass on on A a leash dog defecating	A dog on a leash defecating on grass
the river. on rocks dog brown walks a A near	A brown dog walks on the rocks near a river.
the air in performing stunt. a Snowboarder	Snowboarder in the air performing a stunt.
and woman bed. on the through air landing flying a is A	A woman is flying through the air and landing on a bed.
on Brown a walking brown cane. dog chewing	Brown dog chewing on a brown walking cane.
man A jump boys on and two trampoline. a	A man and two boys jump on a trampoline.
for pose the camera. people Two	Two people pose for the camera.
bright colored near chats couple older car. a An	An older couple chats near a bright colored car.
a bag with paper a brown bus. Woman on	Woman with a brown paper bag on a bus.
cleaning steps some by A pool. a person	A person cleaning some steps by a pool.
there. get to into is a floating a jumping pool duck dog A	A dog is jumping into a pool to get a duck floating there.
bridge. in skateboard jumping on middle of A boy is red a the	A boy is jumping on skateboard in the middle of a red bridge.
A man surfboard. on a a wave rides	A man rides a wave on a surfboard.
the rugby in man about A game. be to is tackled	A man is about to be tackled in the rugby game.
cement from and looks on position man a the steps down while walk headscarf bottom woman in on seated a dog A a step.	A man and dog walk down cement steps while a woman in a headscarf looks on from a seated position on the bottom step.
water. shakes some A while on a in dog leash	A dog on a leash shakes while in some water.
brown with on white ground. plays ball A dog a and snowy soccer	A brown and white dog plays with a soccer ball on snowy ground.
with young sits by A hair of brown man cans sunglasses and soda.	A young man with brown hair and sunglasses sits by cans of soda.
tutus sing wearing Men guitars and onstage. play	Men wearing tutus sing and play guitars onstage.
are karate. Two doing woman	Two woman are doing karate.
balls bouncing kids in Two the on yard	Two kids bouncing on balls in the yard
upside down on board. water person A a	A person upside down on a water board.
beach. the rides wave on as it crashes A surfer a	A surfer rides a wave as it crashes on the beach.
a jumping street. is blue in city a t-shirt boy the up A wearing air on	A boy wearing a blue t-shirt is jumping up in the air on a city street.
of water. a people of standing Five body in front	Five people standing in front of a body of water.
underneath a red large in people a smile and front flower of Two vine-covered wall.	Two people smile underneath a large red flower and in front of a vine-covered wall.
a wakeboarding man of body on is water. young A	A young man is wakeboarding on a body of water.
A him. a fishing jacket a boy stands on pier pole a red near with in chair and young	A young boy in a red jacket stands on a pier with a fishing pole and chair near him.
in set swing park Young Blonde boy on	Young Blonde boy on swing set in park
milk, puppies its wide open. with laying of couch one on mouth a bottle with a Three	Three puppies laying on a couch with a bottle of milk, one with its mouth wide open.
front is a jumping A of on a in it. people with a woman hurdle field on over track grassy	A woman is jumping over a hurdle on a track in front of a grassy field with people on it.
a a baby redheaded with A in woman harness.	A redheaded woman with a baby in a harness.
the drummer concert. drums outdoor The beats an at	The drummer beats the drums at an outdoor concert.
a young a boy jumping of mist water. through	a young boy jumping through a mist of water.
playing is a A colored a book child's chair guitar. on to brightly a next boy sitting	A boy is sitting on a brightly colored chair next to a child's book playing a guitar.
A floor. and through mud splashes forest leaves the car on	A car splashes through mud and leaves on the forest floor.
giant surfing wave. Someone is a	Someone is surfing a giant wave.
a chasing A duck. toy dog	A dog chasing a toy duck.
A woman waterskiing is young	A young woman is waterskiing
scarf. face hiding A in a with knit hat their a person	A person in a knit hat hiding their face with a scarf.
her holding by water. an over a her umbrella assists woman and runner giving A marathon	A woman assists a marathon runner by holding an umbrella over her and giving her water.
sucking a a in baby chair. a Binky asleep young	a young baby sucking a Binky asleep in a chair.
person's A legs, surf. the through run backlit,	A person's legs, backlit, run through the surf.
running water. through child the A	A child running through the water.
urban A man the wearing is street a down walking toolbox. pants carrying combat	A man wearing urban combat pants is walking down the street carrying a toolbox.
people front performing music an of Many are in audience.	Many people are performing music in front of an audience.
feeding the A child on father street. his	A father feeding his child on the street.
as arms water. raises Kayak he's rider with splashed	Kayak rider raises arms as he's splashed with water.
white Dog with collar yawning	Dog with white collar yawning
dog A beach behind. horizon an the water near the in with urban	A dog in the water near the beach with an urban horizon behind.
A into yellow wakeboarder rope. a holding whilst leaping the onto air is	A wakeboarder is leaping into the air whilst holding onto a yellow rope.
brown boy holds beside near On water, buckets shore rags. object of	On shore near brown water, boy holds object beside buckets of rags.
riding A wave surfer large a	A surfer riding a large wave
two look into girls the water.	two girls look into the water.
the This man tree-lined his street. with route along three takes dogs	This man with three dogs takes his route along the tree-lined street.
A fan game. football while watching his checks a cellphone	A fan checks his cellphone while watching a football game.
mingling clothed orange in Many females attire	Many females clothed in orange attire mingling
are swing. Two swinging together girls tire on a	Two girls are swinging together on a tire swing.
a a A performs business of in front building. trick skateboarder	A skateboarder performs a trick in front of a business building.
sheep three dogs. black with white A	A black sheep with three white dogs.
sitting A wearing something small in is pot. a wooden cooking man a on bench a jacket and is red	A man wearing a red jacket is sitting on a wooden bench and is cooking something in a small pot.
green a kayak the One man paddling water. through in	One man in a green kayak paddling through the water.
at bar the five of people closeup on beer with A a a picture taps.	A picture of five people at a bar with a closeup on the beer taps.
rug. and young a are big up on together kids tangled Three playing all	Three young kids are all tangled up together and playing on a big rug.
animal is the near pond. The	The animal is near the pond.
talking outside. Several are women	Several women are talking outside.
lot wear Three a and makeup of stand together. people	Three people wear a lot of makeup and stand together.
is another man boundary get under man One line. a helping	One man is helping another man get under a boundary line.
the air. in Young child jumping	Young child jumping in the air.
biker the dirt A in forest.	A dirt biker in the forest.
jacket, white dirt while helmet biker black a and blue watch. driving people A pants, on with	A biker with a blue jacket, black pants, and white helmet driving on dirt while people watch.
snow across wooded A dog and tan black large a in the is area. running	A large black and tan dog is running across the snow in a wooded area.
on beach. does a handstand woman A the	A woman does a handstand on the beach.
sitting literature of A building. reading and woman front the stoop a on is	A woman is reading literature and sitting on the front stoop of a building.
sidewalk on sign. walks A by a the man	A man walks on the sidewalk by a sign.
bike. perches girl on a helmeted The	The helmeted girl perches on a bike.
round. in merry red go sitting Asian girl a A is seat small a on	A small Asian girl is sitting in a red seat on a merry go round.
basket to A near player the attempting basketball ball rim. the control	A basketball player attempting to control the ball near the basket rim.
an Ocean walks Blue contraption in with of person artistic Company. the front A	A person walks with an artistic contraption in front of the Ocean Blue Company.
A branch is blue grassy pants on shirt boy yellow a in a a and field. climbing wearing tree	A boy wearing a yellow shirt and blue pants is climbing on a tree branch in a grassy field.
couple walks a past car a lot. in A parking	A couple walks past a car in a parking lot.
young wavy water walks boy shore. A in the a along	A young boy walks in the water along a wavy shore.
asian subway in of are front a walking An train passengers old is by woman sitting and her.	An old asian woman is sitting in front of a subway train and passengers are walking by her.
ride. a piggy is her sister giving big in sister little pink back A	A big sister in pink is giving her little sister a piggy back ride.
Two young holding a camera girls together.	Two young girls holding a camera together.
bridge from is a A down that a boy a slope below. street the to riding skateboard leads	A boy is riding a skateboard down a slope that leads from a bridge to the street below.
swimming dog a a through pool. black	a black dog swimming through a pool.
a stands selling bank outside watermelons. man a	a man stands outside a bank selling watermelons.
each a on Dogs other race muddy track.	Dogs race each other on a muddy track.
Santa outfit in Santa. baby Baby holding a	Baby in Santa outfit holding a baby Santa.
punting in background the football A as the from opposing man watch a fans team	A man punting a football as fans from the opposing team watch in the background
adult. eating are holding an the of boys ice hands cream Two	Two boys eating ice cream are holding the hands of an adult.
a A bucket. lifts a head dress soaked in little girl from her	A little girl in a dress lifts her soaked head from a bucket.
are an boots older young black them. an green area follows Two ladies wearing lady while in through walking urban shoes	Two young ladies in green boots are walking through an urban area while an older lady wearing black shoes follows them.
room in Two a tables. ratty and blue with sitting wooden people seats	Two people sitting in a blue room with ratty wooden seats and tables.
in one Two red soccer. the of and other children, teams playing are in white,	Two teams of children, one in red and the other in white, are playing soccer.
path sitting girls beside on with Two a a them. parked by bicycles river are their	Two girls are sitting on a path by a river with their bicycles parked beside them.
along three lined a dalmatians Man walking street. palm-tree	Man walking three dalmatians along a palm-tree lined street.
City dressed in colorful costumes building. Hall near Several women a	Several women dressed in colorful costumes near a City Hall building.
kids a park. laugh Two little at	Two little kids laugh at a park.
referee fight A hockey tries a between a to game. break two players at up	A referee tries to break up a fight between two players at a hockey game.
a A man in mountainside on snow. standing	A man standing on a mountainside in snow.
Boy park midair a skateboard skate a at in on	Boy on a skateboard in midair at a skate park
boys soccer. playing Three	Three boys playing soccer.
red A midair dress girl a young in in	A young girl in a red dress in midair
on up little playground. boy a A for blue navy bar in reaching a	A little boy in navy blue reaching up for a bar on a playground.
A snowy a slope. while smiles the woman camera for skier on	A woman skier smiles for the camera while on a snowy slope.
A brown the water. in dog splashes	A brown dog splashes in the water.
A rock as man forest. rock a poses from in he jumps to	A man poses as he jumps from rock to rock in a forest.
a brown hat A standing singing up in guitar. haired playing dark man a sitting man and	A dark haired man standing up singing and a man in a brown hat sitting playing guitar.
street. telescope with Woman red on a curly using the hair	Woman with curly red hair using a telescope on the street.
rocks is water. over dirt and person A biking	A person is dirt biking over rocks and water.
riding wearing street. a two helmets their skateboarders down	two skateboarders wearing their helmets riding down a street.
running narrow on dirt path. Dog	Dog running on narrow dirt path.
and police motorcycle. three There policemen a are	There are three policemen and a police motorcycle.
Two down bike a friends hill.	Two friends bike down a hill.
his the man rodeo while horse on riding A and saddle down the at upside is not	A man at the rodeo is riding his horse while upside down and not on the saddle
of the at beach. A for friends smile picture a group	A group of friends smile for a picture at the beach.
A and dog. white brown a grass near the dog to black runs on	A black dog runs on the grass near to a brown and white dog.
above cement A incline. bicycle his jumps man a high	A man jumps his bicycle high above a cement incline.
in lasso the air cowboy horse A waves a show. a at	A cowboy waves a lasso in the air at a horse show.
in laughing baby walker. A a	A laughing baby in a walker.
headphones. on a Woman train, reading listening and to	Woman on a train, reading and listening to headphones.
A someone nearby. at looks suspiciously boy	A boy looks suspiciously at someone nearby.
A white toy hauling dog in ocean. a and a black and white the brown from floating and	A brown and white and a black and white dog hauling in a floating toy from the ocean.
plastic like a a on is slide. in boy toy red blue playing looks that a A jumper little	A little boy in a blue jumper is playing on a red plastic toy that looks like a slide.
is A snow. of platform top snowboarder on standing a in the	A snowboarder is standing on top of a platform in the snow.
A lies with blanket blue a child on his back. man on a	A man lies on a blue blanket with a child on his back.
a Frisbee. dog A gets catch to ready	A dog gets ready to catch a Frisbee.
musicians Two on bass plays the guitar. one stage, a are	Two musicians are on a stage, one plays the bass guitar.
in object its A mouth. leaps while a an dog blue sweater holding in	A dog in a blue sweater leaps while holding an object in its mouth.
the a ropes from hangs A in girl woods. in hat	A girl in a hat hangs from ropes in the woods.
that runs white a A landscape. is rocky through through river walking a dog	A white dog is walking through a river that runs through a rocky landscape.
An on bicycle road. rides country old a a man	An old man rides a bicycle on a country road.
with woods A looking in sits child up the binoculars.	A child sits in the woods looking up with binoculars.
with is yellow bar a The low nearby. dog other jumping over obstacles	The dog is jumping over a low yellow bar with other obstacles nearby.
the shirt a climbs in boy blue mud. A through	A boy in a blue shirt climbs through the mud.
an and jump is on skate a bicycle center. bike in man indoor A doing	A man is doing a jump on bicycle in an indoor skate and bike center.
area with trees. is cap young walking in girl A white through a an	A young girl in a white cap is walking through an area with trees.
hair A woman black a is woman by outside storefront. bright wearing a standing with red	A woman wearing black is standing by a woman with bright red hair outside a storefront.
handstand do boarding guy flip to on in beach. is or a trying shorts A the	A guy in boarding shorts is trying to do a flip or handstand on the beach.
overalls stands sidewalk. in A on woman red	A woman in red overalls stands on sidewalk.
A is along grass. running dog the	A dog is running along the grass.
dogs ball field. on play Three with a a	Three dogs play with a ball on a field.
outdoors. a helmet wearing ride is out bicyclist a the in male A for blue	A male bicyclist wearing a blue helmet is out for a ride in the outdoors.
a the shirt boy doing air. a back in a blue is flip in	a boy in a blue shirt is doing a back flip in the air.
a black at course show a running dog a dog	a black dog running a course at a dog show
A while young smiling girl is swinging.	A young girl is smiling while swinging.
shower bathtub handheld a given in showerhead Small with being puppies	Small puppies in bathtub being given a shower with handheld showerhead
over dog jumps log a outside. white A	A white dog jumps over a log outside.
in boys play soccer. a jackets made have out to two order Two of goal	Two boys have made a goal out of two jackets in order to play soccer.
Several body of in people a water. swim	Several people swim in a body of water.
man A cliff over water. a repels down	A man repels down a cliff over water.
boy bike in the a his woods a jump doing on	a boy doing a jump on his bike in the woods
struggling a of couple people pit muddy through a	a couple of people struggling through a muddy pit
A from rock. water over dog leaps a the	A dog leaps over the water from a rock.
green pink bikini, rubber in a Young ring. girl with swimming and	Young girl in pink and green bikini, swimming with a rubber ring.
white stands in A helmet man a clothing mountains. and dark the in snowy	A man in a white helmet and dark clothing stands in the snowy mountains.
watches. pit third headfirst a into ball a child children colorful Two fall while	Two children fall headfirst into a colorful ball pit while a third child watches.
a smile pose their Newlyweds after picture and ceremony. for	Newlyweds smile and pose for a picture after their ceremony.
children in group A footrace snow. the run a of	A group of children run a footrace in the snow.
down. pulled on toilet A little sitting a blue pants boy with is his	A little boy is sitting on a blue toilet with his pants pulled down.
on a motorcyclist green is airborne. A bike	A motorcyclist on a green bike is airborne.
boys Two taken. they and have their photo girls as jump two	Two boys and two girls jump as they have their photo taken.
sleeveless shorts boys red yellow small wearing Two are shirts. and	Two small boys are wearing red shorts and yellow sleeveless shirts.
in actor dressed outdoor park. performs a as pirate an An	An actor dressed as a pirate performs in an outdoor park.
plays baseball. Boy	Boy plays baseball.
A a in on stool watch people thong. group standing man of dressed a a	A group of people watch a man standing on a stool dressed in a thong.
the snow, flies behind. person skis in A snow	A person skis in the snow, snow flies behind.
dog it as kicks The yellow sand up jumps.	The yellow dog kicks up sand as it jumps.
mouth. brown long A running dog with his a in stick	A brown dog running with a long stick in his mouth.
a during woman hurdle jumping over A a race.	A woman jumping over a hurdle during a race.
at range. shooting A practicing gun a shooting her woman	A woman practicing shooting her gun at a shooting range.
as runs player football the others A run him. with towards ball	A football player runs with the ball as others run towards him.
after small play a swim. Two children	Two small children play after a swim.
and on hold a girl little A boy slide. shiny little a hands	A little girl and a little boy hold hands on a shiny slide.
a biting of A broom. dog end the cleaning	A dog biting the cleaning end of a broom.
sand a and dog its tire brown, in mouth on black a holding standing white while	a brown, black and white dog holding a tire in its mouth while standing on sand
A his tongue dog out. with running	A dog running with his tongue out.
back. sprayed water bathing green A young suit on wearing her has girl a	A young girl wearing a green bathing suit has water sprayed on her back.
its with a mouth. ball running across dog a in field A	A dog running across a field with a ball in its mouth.
wearing sunglasses a topless man shorts young holding football. a is and	a young topless man wearing sunglasses and shorts is holding a football.
grass. through runs A dog the	A dog runs through the grass.
in A cigarette jacket a blue getting is outside. woman a	A woman in a blue jacket is getting a cigarette outside.
a black snowy running and is brown street. through The dog	The brown and black dog is running through a snowy street.
bridge is a holding A rod a child near on grassy a standing while area.	A child is holding a rod while standing on a bridge near a grassy area.
the dog swimming water. in is The	The dog is swimming in the water.
little wands. Two bubbles blowing bubble with dresses bright girls are wearing	Two little girls wearing bright dresses are blowing bubbles with bubble wands.
surface. brown, black on white The dog a gravel and runs	The brown, white and black dog runs on a gravel surface.
an the long long grey shore. riding beard grey on hair older and with bike man a	an older man with long grey hair and a long grey beard bike riding on the shore.
cordoned ride Three pathway near cyclists through woods.	Three cyclists ride through cordoned pathway near woods.
air. the through A snowboarder soars	A snowboarder soars through the air.
people of wading the ravine. in a at bottom Several water the	Several people wading in the water at the bottom of a ravine.
the A lady poses haired white camera. for in blond	A blond haired lady in white poses for the camera.
front the through skateboarder air graffiti of is wall. A in a covered jumping	A skateboarder is jumping through the air in front of a graffiti covered wall.
presents. children taken group There getting of a with picture their is	There is a group of children getting their picture taken with presents.
woman man a winter extravagent costumes. A and in	A man and a woman in extravagent winter costumes.
a competing beach. mouth object dogs Two for in an are nearby one's	Two dogs are competing for an object in one's mouth nearby a beach.
group of hula A stand outfits women orange around. young in	A group of young women in orange hula outfits stand around.
a couch. bride tan on sitting A is	A bride is sitting on a tan couch.
red couple man A step. a glances pants haired at a sitting on in white	A red haired man in white pants glances at a couple sitting on a step.
boy swimming underwater. A red-headed	A red-headed boy swimming underwater.
Two gold held with plates camera and pose heads. for women men a their large behind	Two men and women pose for a camera with large gold plates held behind their heads.
up a sleeps dog. nestled to cat A	A cat sleeps nestled up to a dog.
are 4 wearing ears. pink There bunny Energizer women	There are 4 women wearing pink Energizer bunny ears.
boy A pool. doing flip swimming a back a into	A boy doing a back flip into a swimming pool.
midair. guy red on bike in a A in	A guy in red on a bike in midair.
Two children a race. sack having are	Two children are having a sack race.
green the jumping skateboarder wearing in shirt a air and a	a skateboarder wearing a green shirt and jumping in the air
A step person jumping railing.	A person jumping step railing.
of friend. on A is the back his man	A man is on the back of his friend.
woman yellow football brown. The in throwing the to woman in the is	The woman in yellow is throwing the football to the woman in brown.
snow hill. Four children a down sledding	Four children snow sledding down a hill.
shore. picnic having the by a people Two	Two people having a picnic by the shore.
by with cable. boat water The lifted large the gets of a passengers out	The boat with passengers gets lifted out of the water by a large cable.
pitch the A waiting at a bat game. for boy the baseball holds	A boy holds the bat waiting for the pitch at a baseball game.
is dog A gray yawning.	A gray dog is yawning.
top glacier. is a A of standing on man	A man is standing on top of a glacier.
game. his the on hockey player keeps eye A	A hockey player keeps his eye on the game.
in playing dogs brown Two snow	Two brown dogs playing in snow
outfit green a an cricket in all playing person	a person playing cricket in an all green outfit
grassy a dog in is A resting field	A dog is resting in a grassy field
throws waiting bride over head A crowd. her flowers her to a	A bride throws her flowers over her head to a waiting crowd.
edge and under climbing rock Someone hanging is cliff. a of the	Someone is rock climbing and hanging under the edge of a cliff.
Mets in on poses his a A bike. boy jersey	A boy in a Mets jersey poses on his bike.
a the on dark graffiti are standing Five walls. room with men in	Five men are standing in a dark room with graffiti on the walls.
some bars metal squeeze children to Two trying under	Two children trying to squeeze under some metal bars
brown red through is a the running Frisbee. catch The dog to large grass	The large brown dog is running through the grass to catch a red Frisbee.
men opposite from Two teams basketball. playing	Two men from opposite teams playing basketball.
through with grass Black its mouth orange something running in dog	Black dog running through grass with something orange in its mouth
stand sidewalk of outside retail on People stores. a	People stand on a sidewalk outside of retail stores.
on A man woman and dock. a sitting shirtless a	A shirtless man and a woman sitting on a dock.
a shirt red playground and in a climbs jeans tunnel. blue A child through yellow	A child in a yellow shirt and blue jeans climbs through a red playground tunnel.
appears green The and jacket white to into almost pants the sky. the fly skier in	The skier in the green jacket and white pants appears to almost fly into the sky.
foot. balancing feet hands one their hold while their on in Two boys	Two boys hold their feet in their hands while balancing on one foot.
sitting windows the by are library. two people at in a desks	two people are sitting at desks by the windows in a library.
young dog A outside. sits a man with	A young man sits with a dog outside.
A the carrying an out dog object water. black of	A black dog carrying an object out of the water.
purse her while mouth. cigarette putting The a woman her holds redheaded in	The redheaded woman holds her purse while putting a cigarette in her mouth.
on layer thin the Trees cement. reflected a water of are by	Trees are reflected by a thin layer of water on the cement.
in is This person sitting saddle. a	This person is sitting in a saddle.
from cliff Two hanging cots a in men	Two men in cots hanging from a cliff
another is child being while swung child by A watches. arms her	A child is being swung by her arms while another child watches.
dog a on a bone. chews	a dog chews on a bone.
brown lunges A a for dog yellow toy.	A brown dog lunges for a yellow toy.
girl A is the through pink leotard hot leaping air. in	A girl in hot pink leotard is leaping through the air.
light fast on dog is running very black brown a A ground.	A black dog is running very fast on a light brown ground.
screen looking men two at a	two men looking at a screen
in girl A bus seat asleep a	A girl asleep in a bus seat
outfit poised midair. The the young in boy is blue and red in	The young boy in the red and blue outfit is poised in midair.
street. An old a on coat long the stands in man black	An old man in a long black coat stands on the street.
falling swim person white and into sand in beach. the A the trunks at black	A person in black and white swim trunks falling into the sand at the beach.
the The summit. has motorcyclist reached	The motorcyclist has reached the summit.
a people cannon tank. long on Two along a are walking	Two people are walking along a long cannon on a tank.
photographers. suit with is in guy a surrounded glasses beard by and A a	A guy with glasses and a beard in a suit is surrounded by photographers.
dogs a race Two harnesses wearing mouth through field.	Two dogs wearing mouth harnesses race through a field.
cliff edge overhanging ocean. on the a stands man the A of	A man stands on the edge of a cliff overhanging the ocean.
at staring milkshake glass. a young a in large A girl is	A young girl is staring at a large milkshake in a glass.
pulls across snow-covered brown The skier ground. dog a	The brown dog pulls a skier across snow-covered ground.
in sitting some of the A is with top sunglasses man rocks jagged on wearing mountains background.	A man wearing sunglasses is sitting on top of some jagged rocks with mountains in the background.
hat to A and looks behind man with a woman brown in the shirt, a red, white left.	A man with a white hat and brown shirt, behind a woman in red, looks to the left.
three sitting in getting wave by splashed sand boys	three boys sitting in sand getting splashed by wave
snow holding while something running covered A in mouth. green through area a his is dog black	A black dog is running through a snow covered area while holding something green in his mouth.
next a the street lot on them pigeons table two woman eating with at to of a	two woman eating at a table with a lot of pigeons on the street next to them
bananas shirt black stand. stands in at in front woman a A of a fruit	A woman in a black shirt stands in front of bananas at a fruit stand.
marsh. People a in picking	People picking in a marsh.
mouth with dog his with Black up jumping a collar stick in	Black dog with collar jumping up with a stick in his mouth
listening is his bike The music. riding to man and	The man is riding his bike and listening to music.
a dog A tennis ball. catches	A dog catches a tennis ball.
at wearing people mountain. a stand Two skis looking	Two people wearing skis stand looking at a mountain.
in is people. his shirt a a raising hat of colorful crowd arms cowboy A clown in and	A clown in a colorful shirt and cowboy hat is raising his arms in a crowd of people.
people siren. red Three at sit by table	Three people sit at table by red siren.
outdoor dress red Little in swing. tire girl plays on	Little girl in red dress plays on outdoor tire swing.
boy on injured. hockey ice, lies the A playing	A boy playing hockey lies on the ice, injured.
a and A red pole. white is and dog brown jumping yellow over	A brown and white dog is jumping over a yellow and red pole.
young puddle. in kid A is jumping a	A young kid is jumping in a puddle.
a two field playing game on soccer teams of players a	two teams of soccer players playing a game on a field
man track. running a on A	A man running on a track.
in does a jump a trick of and man A off air. rides	A man rides off of a jump and does a trick in air.
boy riding down A the red a is sled in hill.	A boy in a red sled is riding down the hill.
front a in Person them. slope with rocky white hiking objects of up	Person hiking up a rocky slope with white objects in front of them.
group concrete tiles. A the line stand a on in of people	A group of people stand in a line on the concrete tiles.
on with purple Brown green and grass. runs cape, dog,	Brown dog, with green and purple cape, runs on grass.
baseball the reach for Two ball. female players	Two female baseball players reach for the ball.
in tongue. little a sticking blue girl dress bench, sitting a on A park out her	A little girl in a blue dress sitting on a park bench, sticking out her tongue.
head a over his is peeking blue playpen. baby	a baby is peeking his head over blue playpen.
chasing dog Black orange an Frisbee.	Black dog chasing an orange Frisbee.
mountainside snow gear poles forefront. in Snowy and with	Snowy mountainside with snow gear and poles in forefront.
with dog running his fast flying. A ears	A dog running fast with his ears flying.
child blue swings green a bars monkey on in at hat a playground. A	A child in a green hat swings on monkey bars at a blue playground.
the greenish rocks. large through runs water by dog several A	A greenish dog runs through the water by several large rocks.
man Rollerblades grinding curb. with a A	A man with Rollerblades grinding a curb.
one yellow white Two ball with grass the carrying walking in dogs a through mouth.	Two dogs walking through grass with the white one carrying a yellow ball in mouth.
are and blue, green, to route. dressed Six red, purple, the waving parade orange, the crowd in along women	Six women dressed in purple, blue, green, orange, and red, are waving to the crowd along the parade route.
in front a on of building. rustic ladder model A a	A model on a ladder in front of a rustic building.
other doing facing a each Two dance. children are	Two children facing each other are doing a dance.
plastic fence small black white with background. red dog A and in jumps	A small black and white dog jumps with red plastic fence in background.
next to a The bike a man on the holding is man riding dog.	The man on the bike is riding next to a man holding a dog.
clear windsurfing is in shorts day. man a on A dark	A man in dark shorts is windsurfing on a clear day.
A hammer. red man is with rock scratching a a	A man is scratching a rock with a red hammer.
is with sewing. glasses A woman	A woman with glasses is sewing.
and A a standing large shirt is a aqua boy next woman a is yellow an by shirt. in bubble to in surrounded	A woman in an aqua shirt is surrounded by a large bubble and is standing next to a boy in a yellow shirt.
playing Four running are children and tag.	Four children are running and playing tag.
grassy lawn. dogs run together Two a across	Two dogs run together across a grassy lawn.
man in a line from military walking A uniform a is military vehicles. away of	A man in a military uniform is walking away from a line of military vehicles.
near a lines, man power stump sits tree through unusual an the shaped	through the power lines, a man sits near an unusual shaped tree stump
harness through grassy dog a a running white blue A black field. in and	A black and white dog in a blue harness running through a grassy field.
group people wearing street. the down run clothes A of together army	A group of people wearing army clothes run together down the street.
a young bookcase and full front of smiles writing hand jacket his of A in with videos. on man denim a	A young man with a denim jacket and writing on his hand smiles in front of a bookcase full of videos.
rain the with walk in People umbrellas.	People walk in the rain with umbrellas.
through a motocross his quarry. riding rider bike bike is A	A motocross bike rider is riding his bike through a quarry.
fetching field black a a in dog A grassy colourful toy.	A black dog in a grassy field fetching a colourful toy.
many drums. their people carry	many people carry their drums.
crowd. converse Three men in a	Three men converse in a crowd.
in and blue, flag An a red, a man orange older crowd with	An older man with a red, blue, and orange flag in a crowd
the through A is snow. blue black collar running dog wearing a	A black dog wearing a blue collar is running through the snow.
A looks tall upon as white the stands it ocean. crane out	A white crane stands tall as it looks out upon the ocean.
a War reenactors fire cannon.	War reenactors fire a cannon.
People around a skateboards racing track. on	People on skateboards racing around a track.
is on dog a red A keyboard and bandanna laptop's with up. has its paws a looking	A dog with a red bandanna has its paws on a laptop's keyboard and is looking up.
person is parachute above flying building. yellow a A green a with	A person is flying with a yellow parachute above a green building.
stuffed carnival Large a bears hang above game.	Large stuffed bears hang above a carnival game.
jumping and ball. white A dog for black a	A black and white dog jumping for a ball.
a is board. man young jump doing A with a ski purple	A young man is doing a ski jump with a purple board.
up dirt Three the a racing forest. through bicyclists path	Three bicyclists racing up a dirt path through the forest.
dogs standing a Two very in are area. grassy	Two dogs are standing in a very grassy area.
beads is a A green mask, pants. green man wearing and	A man is wearing a mask, green beads and green pants.
a player returning serve. asian An tennis	An asian tennis player returning a serve.
tan boy mouth slides little a down black with headfirst tube in his wide. open A	A little boy in black slides headfirst down a tan tube with his mouth open wide.
white with a necklace man and beard A woman wearing a smile. large a	A man with a large beard and a woman wearing a white necklace smile.
stepping in logs girl sand. vertical blonde A the is on	A blonde girl is stepping on vertical logs in the sand.
children the with playing beach. Two sticks at young	Two young children playing with sticks at the beach.
a to her older mother sitting newborn the and picture rotary a phone dial slightly of next	a slightly older picture of a mother and her newborn sitting next to the rotary dial phone
and midair. skateboard A ramp rides up trick the a does in	A skateboard rides up the ramp and does a trick in midair.
jacket. long a dog sleeved gray wearing zip-up A blue	A gray dog wearing a blue long sleeved zip-up jacket.
dressed Child smiling is blue underwater. in	Child dressed in blue is smiling underwater.
boy his has The open mouth	The boy has his mouth open
father an of a in asian child large stand waterfall. and front	an asian father and child stand in front of a large waterfall.
at the beach. A session exercise group	A group exercise session at the beach.
beach the on man 4 the is at A shoreline dogs. with standing	A man is standing at the shoreline on the beach with 4 dogs.
dog front in air of the jumping fence. black and in tan A a grassy in area a	A black and tan dog jumping in the air in a grassy area in front of a fence.
dog water. A jumps white natural into	A white dog jumps into natural water.
red a costume. a in costume is to Snow talking man in girl A a White	A man in a red costume is talking to a girl in a Snow White costume.
of boy walks next four a A small large birds. group to	A small boy walks next to a group of four large birds.
behind. while far competitor a over flies hill rider bicycle not a A is	A bicycle rider flies over a hill while a competitor is not far behind.
in subway stands waiting on something. Girl	Girl stands in subway waiting on something.
small down river. kayak floating the man is a in A	A man in a small kayak is floating down the river.
through dogs Two small grass. run the	Two small dogs run through the grass.
their group taken. people having picture of A	A group of people having their picture taken.
green large walking is dog The the through brown grass.	The large brown dog is walking through the green grass.
dogs play other with field. the each Three in out	Three dogs play with each other out in the field.
a field of through are two running flowers. dogs The	The two dogs are running through a field of flowers.
women Two in traditional Japanese dressed clothing	Two women dressed in traditional Japanese clothing
in young candles with holding a cake girl dressed coat. A a heavy	A young girl holding a cake with candles dressed in a heavy coat.
in parachutist field his a unfurled parachute. is The standing to near	The parachutist is standing in a field near to his unfurled parachute.
snowy rocky of mountain. area a men on front Two pose a in	Two men pose on a rocky area in front of a snowy mountain.
white dog looking a pool at ball. a tennis and into brown a	a brown and white dog looking into a pool at a tennis ball.
vehicle off-road Man area. rural riding four-wheel, in	Man riding four-wheel, off-road vehicle in rural area.
falling ground a to his in bat with child A or a in the uniform is hand. her	A child in a uniform is falling to the ground with a bat in his or her hand.
the base. slides to baseball player a	a baseball player slides to the base.
dogs grass. laying the playing on Three and	Three dogs playing and laying on the grass.
building A ten of of a classic-style posing group people outside	A group of ten people posing outside of a classic-style building
is The dog the clearing. running black through	The black dog is running through the clearing.
carrying boy hat in jacket is snow. the The of a red and huge lump	The boy in the red hat and jacket is carrying a huge lump of snow.
dogs lying brown floor. furry hardwood a Two on light	Two furry light brown dogs lying on a hardwood floor.
does red motorbike. a a helmet jacket in A man and on and stunt a black	A man in a black and red jacket and helmet does a stunt on a motorbike.
on A man his a bike hill. riding	A man riding his bike on a hill.
walking in the dogs grass. Three	Three dogs walking in the grass.
rides the child a in snow down tube. A	A child rides down the snow in a tube.
yellow off girl and falling a A water blue tube.	A girl falling off a yellow and blue water tube.
the A jump. in after air a coat a white in snowboarder	A snowboarder in a white coat in the air after a jump.
is on the to on A next walking young the ocean. stumps girl beach	A young girl is walking on stumps on the beach next to the ocean.
is against a young A dog jumping girl.	A dog is jumping against a young girl.
in black soccer white after ball. gold and Player and going uniform blue and in player uniform	Player in blue and white uniform and player in gold and black uniform going after soccer ball.
the a biplane streaks sky leaving red A white trail across it. behind	A red biplane streaks across the sky leaving a white trail behind it.
standing dog at the and in One black sand the beach. brown	One brown and black dog standing in the sand at the beach.
on children a homemade playing Several slide. water	Several children playing on a homemade water slide.
a while together. blonde sports Two wear girls watching game jerseys	Two blonde girls wear sports jerseys while watching a game together.
a lilies holds little setting. others while in garden occasion orange girl celebrate A an	A little girl holds orange lilies while others celebrate an occasion in a garden setting.
snowy A posing is hiker mountains. front in of	A hiker is posing in front of snowy mountains.
standing shirt wearing red the is boy book. a marketplace The reading in whilst a	The boy wearing a red shirt is standing in the marketplace whilst reading a book.
standing sports on shorts and elevation. in black an rocky bra Woman	Woman in black sports bra and shorts standing on an rocky elevation.
A of his man outdoors some belongings. with sits	A man sits outdoors with some of his belongings.
battle fall as soccer a for men ball. they Two	Two men fall as they battle for a soccer ball.
the Kids river. down rafting	Kids rafting down the river.
dog between its a green a running with black paws. toy is	a black dog is running with a green toy between its paws.
a and number in others is man on batman a a costume running his street. down chest A with	A man in a batman costume and a number on his chest is running with others down a street.
brown dog The shakes off water. large and white	The large brown and white dog shakes off water.
skateboard in a a A doing covered a is area. on man trick	A man is doing a trick on a skateboard in a covered area.
pool. The a brown and swimming is white dog little in	The little white and brown dog is swimming in a pool.
are women's underwear awning. Three under a an on wire hanging pairs of	Three pairs of women's underwear are hanging on a wire under an awning.
of kids A group onstage.	A group of kids onstage.
gets rapids. raft the The guy the out of thrown on	The guy gets thrown out of the raft on the rapids.
Two speaking a a is with carrying cap are blue book. man men wearing and who another	Two men are speaking with another man who is wearing a blue cap and carrying a book.
Two in the walking skirts on sidewalk. females	Two females in skirts walking on the sidewalk.
the on gym. is at park the jungle girl The playing	The girl is at the park playing on the jungle gym.
woman of a man. cheek the kissing a brown blond haired	a blond woman kissing the cheek of a brown haired man.
A kiss is which sitting a up the to reaches cat, on counter. girl	A girl reaches up to kiss a cat, which is sitting on the counter.
swims the in water Dog	Dog swims in the water
of dogs 3 with are road a group A people. brown on standing	A group of brown dogs are standing on a road with 3 people.
a through a his man way is in making hat A store.	A man in a hat is making his way through a store.
while race A onlookers watch. car zooms	A race car zooms while onlookers watch.
playing hockey men Two field	Two men playing field hockey
grass. tall black tall Two run dogs through	Two tall black dogs run through tall grass.
train underground. A is	A train is underground.
A into is surfer wave falling big ocean a	A surfer is falling into a big ocean wave
the perform green people shirted on Two males square watch. as	Two green shirted males perform on the square as people watch.
A water. dog dog staring on standing a haired curly deep while in a is beach at	A curly haired dog is standing on a beach while staring at a dog in deep water.
water. looks window is the boy spraying at boy out who window the with A another	A boy looks out the window at another boy who is spraying the window with water.
the A white dog caught stick ocean. a beach beside on has the	A white dog has caught a stick on the beach beside the ocean.
A wearing costume with cape. man a is Batman a	A man is wearing a Batman costume with a cape.
iceskate day. a on cold people lot of A	A lot of people iceskate on a cold day.
another that swing sitting equipment. child near pushes is A in playground a	A child pushes another that is sitting in a swing near playground equipment.
hits red player with outdoors. the Cricket cap ball	Cricket player with red cap hits the ball outdoors.
a blowing bubbles park. small Two children in blonde	Two small blonde children blowing bubbles in a park.
running in black a and dog field A tan	A black and tan dog running in a field
ramp. on a airborne rider Bicycle	Bicycle rider airborne on a ramp.
platform a from in fenced a boy at young playgroud leaps	young boy leaps from a platform at a fenced in playgroud
wearing costume. a and girl holding is in next girl black sitting is toy a The to	The girl wearing black is holding a toy and is sitting next to a girl in costume.
playing girl picnic. A young at with bubbles woman a with holding a	A woman with holding a young girl playing with bubbles at a picnic.
chest A man dog in park. pets the a a on at	A man in pets a dog on the chest at a park.
yellow other woman knit apron A a and pedestrians. a among walks hat wearing	A woman wearing a yellow apron and a knit hat walks among other pedestrians.
the very balcony a railing high of a view. suit a A has in that along man	A man in a suit along the railing of a balcony that has a very high view.
the ground man the rope. climbing rock holding person on and A another	A person rock climbing and another man on the ground holding the rope.
orange in Man paddles kayak, red kayak background.	Man paddles red kayak, orange kayak in background.
a is look on face with playground toddler his of fear A on equipment.	A toddler with a look of fear on his face is on playground equipment.
older wear, formal in man Young couple and pose for woman in background. camera	Young couple pose for camera in formal wear, older man and woman in background.
digital screen. camera, looking man a A at the with	A man with a digital camera, looking at the screen.
high swings sky. blue boy under A	A boy swings high under blue sky.
the watching the A water in ocean on dog is day. standing waves the sunny brown of a	A brown dog is standing in the water watching the waves of the ocean on a sunny day.
tables. A outdoors near picnic girl	A girl outdoors near picnic tables.
to attempting in is basketball during block in game. A a player a white blue player	A basketball player in blue is attempting to block a player in white during a game.
are Two water white lake. a of out drinking dogs	Two white dogs are drinking water out of a lake.
scuffle. a during ice fall the on hockey almost Two players	Two hockey players almost fall on the ice during a scuffle.
racing the are track. on greyhounds Muzzled	Muzzled greyhounds are racing on the track.
little a in pulls a kite. shirt red girl A	A little girl in a red shirt pulls a kite.
Two at a view. people look	Two people look at a view.
an a wearing man in riding is helmet bike. shirt One orange white a	One man in an orange shirt wearing a white helmet is riding a bike.
an climbing climbing climber on wall A artificial is	A climber is climbing on an artificial climbing wall
his is a chip. and mouth hat eating A sunglasses wide a opening man wearing and red	A man wearing sunglasses and a red hat is opening his mouth wide and eating a chip.
on two skaters walk sidewalk male	two male skaters walk on sidewalk
stands a of woman out and holding ledge purse at the at trees. looks the a rocky edge A	A woman holding a purse stands at the edge of a rocky ledge and looks out at the trees.
leading person A down pool. stairs a powerwashing to	A person powerwashing stairs leading down to a pool.
in bicycle. hat sunglasses a and lady A white a riding	A lady in a white hat and sunglasses riding a bicycle.
dog a for jumps ball grass. A the on red	A dog jumps for a red ball on the grass.
on phone. on talks wall and woman sits A stone a her	A woman sits on a stone wall and talks on her phone.
the girl at top of sitting little red is a slide. a There	There is a little girl sitting at the top of a red slide.
down are trail dogs a brown running	brown dogs are running down a trail
dogs on are other next grassy to running Two a hill. each	Two dogs are running next to each other on a grassy hill.
through black with area reeds. tall swampy dog A is running a	A black dog is running through a swampy area with tall reeds.
Two a dogs sharing toy.	Two dogs sharing a toy.
high group the vehicles off together A parked road of mountains. in	A group of off road vehicles parked together high in the mountains.
on movie the hands stands A in front a his in camera. skier of snow	A skier stands on his hands in the snow in front of a movie camera.
older Tinkerbell wearing a lady jacket. An	An older lady wearing a Tinkerbell jacket.
dancefloor bald man the on doing the a is splits	a bald man is doing the splits on the dancefloor
backpacker american mountains A an in the flag. wearing	A backpacker in the mountains wearing an american flag.
the park. hand his green boy waves the at A duck in young by a surrounded water	A young boy waves his hand at the duck in the water surrounded by a green park.
a brown man shirt A necklace. black is and a wearing	A black man is wearing a brown shirt and a necklace.
black brown small with dog and toy a playing A	A small brown and black dog playing with a toy
others A while on. clown orange a park stands shirt look in girl and in makeup	A girl in orange shirt and clown makeup stands in a park while others look on.
skinned A on plays a the man guitar street. blue dark	A dark skinned man plays a blue guitar on the street.
basketball woman a has her hands face. her and on look determined A female in a	A female woman has a basketball in her hands and a determined look on her face.
another and one Two in men, in white blue.	Two men, one in white and another in blue.
on a green A dog ball white playing grass. orange with	A orange dog playing with a white ball on green grass.
mountain a of snow-covered top poses A smiling on hiker	A smiling hiker poses on top of a snow-covered mountain
A ice. people of through hiking group	A group of people hiking through ice.
is a eating A fish woman restaurant. at	A woman is eating fish at a restaurant.
to his man puts his wall. A head hand on rock a	A man puts his hand to his head on a rock wall.
Several people around city on street. the Jesus of crucified image a stand an elaborate	Several people stand around an elaborate image of the crucified Jesus on a city street.
a A pile jumps helmet of old with child a over tires.	A child with a helmet jumps over a pile of old tires.
and around a neck cowboy a hat wearing his man cross gold A	A man wearing a cowboy hat and a gold cross around his neck
jet white and blue riding Two a are ski. men	Two men are riding a blue and white jet ski.
the the up sun. girl in A water soaking	A girl in the water soaking up the sun.
the to baseball ball. catch player runs A	A baseball player runs to catch the ball.
large in back of A with another river. man canoe man on sits the a front a in	A large man sits in the back of a canoe with another man in front on a river.
Football other each crowds in cheer as in red behind. red players congratulate	Football players in red congratulate each other as crowds in red cheer behind.
A person bicycle large a off ramp. dirt jumps a	A person jumps a bicycle off a large dirt ramp.
a and sprinkler. jumping black brown A is through dog	A brown and black dog is jumping through a sprinkler.
balloons. of hula behind does girl hoop backdrop a a little A	A little girl does a hula hoop behind a backdrop of balloons.
man a midair in A bike on	A man on a bike in midair
his on bicycle. blue boy plays A with a helmet	A boy with a blue helmet plays on his bicycle.
Two women costumes. elaborate in Japanese	Two women in elaborate Japanese costumes.
with is in around crowd front flags building it. three standing a of A	A crowd is standing around a building with three flags in front of it.
by uniform basketball a to being is basket the but team. is in A opposing a make trying red blocked player	A basketball player in a red uniform is trying to make a basket but is being blocked by the opposing team.
opens swimsuit mouth as and bottom. in she slide water lands at squints Child	Child in swimsuit squints and opens mouth as she lands at water slide bottom.
on electronics behind table with a stand it. Two men	Two men stand behind a table with electronics on it.
grass backpack trail with A is man big a hill. a through walking up a	A man with a big backpack is walking through a grass trail up a hill.
stand yard. dogs side the side in by Two	Two dogs stand side by side in the yard.
by an cap orange cargo some green on pants a rock brown man and wearing stands a trees.	a man wearing an orange cap and brown cargo pants stands on a rock by some green trees.
boy jumping A a off board. spring yellow	A boy jumping off a yellow spring board.
top the woods. a walks grey fallen A of dog tree on in	A grey dog walks on top of a fallen tree in the woods.
is deep snow. A playing the in dog	A dog is playing in the deep snow.
dog the in A runs woods.	A dog runs in the woods.
dogs the on playing beach. Two	Two dogs playing on the beach.
stands The a city. wearing ledge a overlooking and backpack on man hat, a a	The man wearing a backpack and a hat, stands on a ledge overlooking a city.
a upside red a a hangs down branch tree in child shirt from	a child in a red shirt hangs upside down from a tree branch
run through mud. Two dogs	Two dogs run through mud.
running dogs towards each sand. other across are two the	two dogs are running towards each other across the sand.
over small blue a driving SUV A creek.	A blue SUV driving over a small creek.
of parked A on cars group hill a	A group of cars parked on a hill
dog black A digging the snow. in is	A black dog is digging in the snow.
on holds the a man A beach. surfboard	A man holds a surfboard on the beach.
riding down bicycle on rocky trail. man helmeted a a The in	The helmeted man on a bicycle in riding down a rocky trail.
and along in dressed white runs beach. girl the A pink	A girl dressed in pink and white runs along the beach.
trick guy is on a bike. doing A a	A guy is doing a trick on a bike.
An bushes. green of Asian whilst in font smiling is standing girl some	An Asian girl is smiling whilst standing in font of some green bushes.
a with young child desert walking covered scarf with head the in a her	a young child walking in the desert with her head covered with a scarf
little doorway in a the of van. boy stands A	A little boy stands in the doorway of a van.
stands a woman front cup crowd. of A in holding an orange	A woman stands holding an orange cup in front of a crowd.
girl her. sitting in standing reading another down front One and girl of	One girl sitting down reading and another girl standing in front of her.
books. read xmen comic Two boys and spiderman	Two boys read spiderman and xmen comic books.
white flock of sheep. over is watching white a A black and dog	A black and white dog is watching over a flock of white sheep.
is brown a dog dog in being small holding chased The his mouth. while by black toy a	The brown dog is being chased by a black dog while holding a small toy in his mouth.
Two Asian a chairs. woman relaxing and are massage men in	Two Asian men and a woman are relaxing in massage chairs.
a dog fence. jumping A over	A dog jumping over a fence.
on child adult An and beach. the a run	An adult and a child run on the beach.
the looks spiky A with hair to left. person	A person with spiky hair looks to the left.
the girls Two sign. giving peace	Two girls giving the peace sign.
white dog water. tan through runs and A	A tan and white dog runs through water.
the gaze. boy of in points the smiles and while child's little looks A a direction man	A little boy smiles and points while a man looks in the direction of the child's gaze.
A in baby's hand and water. the walks holds a woman	A woman holds a baby's hand and walks in the water.
sidewalk. brown a white the jumps dog on and	a brown and white dog jumps on the sidewalk.
A a laughs man's gestures. lady at	A lady laughs at a man's gestures.
register jar. behind tip standing and cash men Four	Four men standing behind cash register and tip jar.
a over to A woman a tattoo. a leans man who hat wearing has	A woman wearing a hat leans over to a man who has a tattoo.
The jumping air. boy is on skateboard a through the	The boy on a skateboard is jumping through the air.
at Vuitton A store Louis window night.	A Louis Vuitton store window at night.
funny camera. couple wigs A in for the pose	A couple in funny wigs pose for the camera.
dog area. The a is furry grassy through running wooded	The furry dog is running through a grassy wooded area.
with room lettering. gold ovals red walls people in are a dimly and Three black decorated lit with	Three people are in a dimly lit room with gold walls decorated with red ovals and black lettering.
young A and are in tunnel. a girl playing boy	A young boy and girl are playing in a tunnel.
swimmer backstroke the A pool. swimming in does a	A swimmer does the backstroke in a swimming pool.
woman smoking in cigarette. A gray a is	A woman in gray is smoking a cigarette.
mouth in toy black water. orange the holding dog A in an is its	A black dog is holding an orange toy in its mouth in the water.
into basket. basketball of basketball in boy playing A a shirt a are is and boys a group the throwing brown	A group of boys are playing basketball and a boy in a brown shirt is throwing a basketball into the basket.
white the carries snow. through its dog A mouth in something	A white dog carries something in its mouth through the snow.
rail slides Skateboarder corridor. across in	Skateboarder slides across rail in corridor.
glasses woman climbing rock in steep is wall. The a	The woman in glasses is climbing a steep rock wall.
are yellow, There and jumping and people black, four through hole. white dog a a	There are four people and a dog jumping through a black, yellow, and white hole.
dog a leash is on a walking the man A down street	A man is walking a dog on a leash down the street
waterski. on blond single man a A	A blond man on a single waterski.
showered A a in surfer wave. the spray of	A surfer showered in the spray of a wave.
A game basketball	A basketball game
elderly a in woman An wheelchair. pushing crowd a	An elderly woman in a crowd pushing a wheelchair.
right the and looks woman to wearing sunglasses smiles. A black	A woman wearing black sunglasses looks to the right and smiles.
Two watch a some kicking boy boys snow. third	Two boys watch a third boy kicking some snow.
be Two to standing appear other next each are females to unexcited. and	Two females are standing next to each other and appear to be unexcited.
A standing beside puppy inside an black orange.	A black puppy standing inside beside an orange.
on the his A in person on sky while bicycle blue clear riding of is day. the a train air top	A person is in the air while riding his bicycle on top of the train on a clear blue sky day.
is area an men Two in canoes of lillypads. full separate are	Two men is separate canoes are in an area full of lillypads.
face. baby woman's A a touching	A baby touching a woman's face.
and jump two small trampoline. A a on boys man	A man and two small boys jump on a trampoline.
white the to and catch brown in A air snowball. jumps a dog	A brown and white dog jumps in the air to catch a snowball.
small girls two the leaves. walk along	two small girls walk along the leaves.
grass on her. with over walking a either bridge tall of A side woman	A woman walking over a bridge with tall grass on either side of her.
incoming is an along dirty caught beach surfer in nearby mountains. wave A a	A surfer is caught in an incoming wave along a dirty beach nearby mountains.
dog wearing feet A pink two on sweater. a	A dog on two feet wearing a pink sweater.
background beautiful green in goggles girl the jumpsuit wearing a sunset with and a a	a girl wearing a green jumpsuit and goggles with a beautiful sunset in the background
shore hill at in the of background. a running A lake, the dog	A dog running at the shore of a lake, hill in the background.
stick lying a low carrying dog grassy area. over hose garden in a tan a runs cut A	A tan dog carrying a stick runs over a garden hose lying in a low cut grassy area.
sit beside a a tree under girls river two	two girls sit beside a river under a tree
distant person very sheer A a is climbing mountain. up	A distant person is climbing up a very sheer mountain.
is soft holding a and A blonde soccer ball. yellow red haired toddler	A blonde haired toddler is holding a soft red and yellow soccer ball.
play young a room pink girl a guitar. A black tries in to electric	A young girl in a pink room tries to play a black electric guitar.
looking old young an fashioned girl through A video is camera.	A young girl is looking through an old fashioned video camera.
the walks young a away from child grass stone on A monument.	A young child walks on the grass away from a stone monument.
dressed halloween. girl up for two boys and a	a girl and two boys dressed up for halloween.
A going skier woods. cross-country through the	A cross-country skier going through the woods.
a sandy lead. taking in with on track race the the dog Greyhounds green	Greyhounds race on a sandy track with the dog in green taking the lead.
wearubg creek. near climbing is rocks woman a bikini young a A	A young woman wearubg a bikini is climbing rocks near a creek.
swing a a playing on Children park. set at	Children playing on a swing set at a park.
are bench. white, sitting in one Two on a in one black, women,	Two women, one in white, one in black, are sitting on a bench.
people and Two colorful building. carrying baskets blankets walk a near	Two people carrying colorful baskets and blankets walk near a building.
amazing dog show. stunts brown doing A the in is dog	A brown dog is doing amazing stunts in the dog show.
rock climber A an icy wall. scales	A rock climber scales an icy wall.
throwing in girl her a A gray shit hands is up.	A girl in a gray shit is throwing her hands up.
in jackets boys boat. and The riding life a in laugh smile while	The boys in life jackets smile and laugh while riding in a boat.
an a young with whistle. Three men man older face	Three young men face an older man with a whistle.
with yard a child in A of hula-hoops playing small neighborhood. is a	A small child is playing with hula-hoops in a yard of a neighborhood.
Soccer blue. in game with and red teams	Soccer game with teams in red and blue.
brown dogs a in with Two play haired large collars chase short field.	Two large brown short haired dogs with collars play chase in a field.
a There getting air is on skier some slopes. the	There is a skier getting some air on the slopes.
skateboarder rolls A graffiti-covered a ramp. young down	A young skateboarder rolls down a graffiti-covered ramp.
cornstalks. A apron grilling a black in guy	A black guy in a apron grilling cornstalks.
reaches pole. above Boy blue head for	Boy reaches above head for blue pole.
in A puddle. mud splashing girl blonde little a	A little blonde girl splashing in a mud puddle.
a A for shot. photographer prepares	A photographer prepares for a shot.
when dog A a gives him shocked sniff. brown a is larger black small dog	A small black dog is shocked when a larger brown dog gives him a sniff.
different children, in football. playing teams, are of Four uniforms two	Four children, in uniforms of two different teams, are playing football.
road of country two side the a the in on snowpacked bicycles on men	two men on bicycles on the side of a snowpacked road in the country
men instruments. A and group sing of play	A group of men sing and play instruments.
with playing brown a dog A tennis ball	A brown dog playing with a tennis ball
large begins water. land gray the A in bird to	A large gray bird begins to land in the water.
with the is running its dog a brown grass The toy in through mouth. yellow	The brown dog is running through the grass with a yellow toy in its mouth.
Two winter kids the in wearing snow. coats play young	Two young kids wearing winter coats play in the snow.
her the in and is in braids chest water, a front swimsuit the A girl crossed with in her of in little front of arms grass,	A little girl in a swimsuit and braids is in front of the water, in the grass, with her arms crossed in front of her chest
jump. a the midst of Person ramp in	Person in the midst of a ramp jump.
Boy in grass. stomach on lies	Boy lies on stomach in grass.
wrestlers Two a in sumo fight.	Two sumo wrestlers in a fight.
snow. walking A dog is through tan	A tan dog is walking through snow.
the matching of heeled ground row A sitting on wearing people boots.	A row of people sitting on the ground wearing matching heeled boots.
very A snow. carries tree in large dog the branch a	A dog carries a very large tree branch in the snow.
driver the the for car Race of start ready getting race.	Race car driver getting ready for the start of the race.
carnival is in on ride. swing a a Man sitting	Man is sitting in a swing on a carnival ride.
A in wide. child their with grass the spread standing arms	A child standing in the grass with their arms spread wide.
people shopping Two are building carts. sitting near a against	Two people are sitting against a building near shopping carts.
a patterned a beer man shirt in holds A bottle.	A man in a patterned shirt holds a beer bottle.
playing a field. Two on men a running game,	Two men playing a game, running on a field.
boy older bottle person water young of a an with A splashing	A young boy splashing an older person with a bottle of water
smiling at the Two in camera. dresses woman	Two woman in dresses smiling at the camera.
gear is with man snowboarding down a The and a hat slope	The man is snowboarding down a slope with gear and a hat
girl amid many lanterns. candle A is	A girl is amid many candle lanterns.
lady. stares man at a a	a man stares at a lady.
are walking turbans Many directions, some people a both are road wearing down in	Many people are walking down a road in both directions, some are wearing turbans
A posing a photograph parking a man young near girl lot. for to a take	A young girl posing for a man to take a photograph near a parking lot.
scuba A fins. diver swims underwater wearing while	A scuba diver swims underwater while wearing fins.
one Two with brown another field. in the play dogs	Two brown dogs play with one another in the field.
playing snow. together in the Two dogs	Two dogs playing together in the snow.
trees. A surrounded large woman walk hand-in-hand man and by	A man and woman walk hand-in-hand surrounded by large trees.
white dog ball. a and a playing dogs brown are with Two	Two white dogs are playing with a brown dog and a ball.
guy a is park. grinding in rail Rollerblades on on a A skate	A guy on Rollerblades is grinding on a rail in a skate park.
blanket man with A dog sits in on a dark red a a hoodie.	A dog sits on a red blanket with a man in a dark hoodie.
large rocks surrounded bird by A off, takes	A bird takes off, surrounded by large rocks
a A field. in milkweed a on blowing woman	A woman blowing on a milkweed in a field.
sand Two grass in running on the dead grass are and around dogs background. green with	Two dogs are running around on dead grass and sand with green grass in the background.
ball holds Kid a in bathroom outfit toothbrush and the a spiderman in	a Kid in a spiderman outfit holds toothbrush and ball in the bathroom
stunt. skateboarder is A perform jumping skateboarder watching a another	A skateboarder is watching another skateboarder perform a jumping stunt.
water. body a a above cliff rappelling A of person	A person rappelling a cliff above a body of water.
a wall. bicycle does side trick A his the man a with off of	A man does a trick with his bicycle off the side of a wall.
sits man a and underneath A rock large formation. colorful	A man sits underneath a large and colorful rock formation.
a a dog chases small black dog. black large	a large black dog chases a small black dog.
presses squints, wet, colorful oval against in structure. Girls hole	Girls squints, presses against oval hole in wet, colorful structure.
woman a brown and in video for smile a their sweater camera. man A	A man in a brown sweater and a woman smile for their video camera.
A cut a boy pink are through field. in walking red girl a low and	A boy in red and a girl pink are walking through a low cut field.
swimming dog A the air above the in pool.	A dog in the air above the swimming pool.
his catcher catch. a for stretching in out helmet, gloved boy A a hand	A boy catcher in a helmet, stretching out his gloved hand for a catch.
wearing and gloves in plays coat. no snow young A the girl	A young girl plays in the snow wearing gloves and no coat.
running Four the around dogs grass. are in	Four dogs are running around in the grass.
big, distance. the at green hills staring in men Three the are	Three men are staring at the big, green hills in the distance.
the wearing air. young is blue A jumping in girl	A young girl wearing blue is jumping in the air.
performing sports water pulled boat. acrobatics by a Male while being	Male performing water sports acrobatics while being pulled by a boat.
water runs carrying dog black through the A stick. a	A black dog runs through the water carrying a stick.
shopping a A boy inside cart.	A boy inside a shopping cart.
in a shorts and Man blue white playing sport.	Man in blue and white shorts playing a sport.
in bright, multi-colored clowns costumes. Three	Three clowns in bright, multi-colored costumes.
off Young a boy bouncing trampoline.	Young boy bouncing off a trampoline.
running grass. harnesses in in dogs tall Two	Two dogs in harnesses running in tall grass.
A is the barefoot on standing girl tracks railroad	A girl is standing barefoot on the railroad tracks
of a group woman a standing man with spectators. A and	A man and a woman standing with a group of spectators.
yard. together dogs the play in Two	Two dogs play together in the yard.
running on a street snow. in child A	A child running on a street in snow.
standing wire woman A by a a fence on sidewalk.	A woman standing by a wire fence on a sidewalk.
of waiting are a group girls outside potty-potty. A of	A group of girls are waiting outside of a potty-potty.
street. on The in people t-shirts the orange jogging are	The people in orange t-shirts are jogging on the street.
children. Four	Four children.
on his bench. reads man a the paper	a man reads his paper on the bench.
white A white some running dog and black down is steps.	A black and white dog is running down some white steps.
sand volleyball in the playing Women near the ocean.	Women playing volleyball in the sand near the ocean.
running with next girl street some to A headphones signs. is	A girl with headphones is running next to some street signs.
after brown are and A two bounding a dogs dog white ball.	A brown dog and two white dogs are bounding after a ball.
Young feeding red seagull a bathing suit girl in	Young girl in red bathing suit feeding a seagull
girls Christmastime. at picture pose for a Two	Two girls pose for a picture at Christmastime.
a on lying face on A sports grass. the down field player	A sports player on a field lying face down on the grass.
in grassy A a black mouth white a blue and a beyond fence. with runs on its surface toy just dog	A black and white dog with a blue toy in its mouth runs on a grassy surface just beyond a fence.
in woods. the two Two people and dogs	Two dogs and two people in the woods.
red shirt at man camera. and the on in points A dirt sits a bike his	A man in a red shirt sits on his dirt bike and points at the camera.
are water Children sprinkler. running a taking through turns	Children are taking turns running through a water sprinkler.
skateboarder bench. in a jumps A clothes over black	A skateboarder in black clothes jumps over a bench.
alone in stands a restaurant woman the	a woman stands alone in the restaurant
race track. on a Greyhounds	Greyhounds race on a track.
smiling even it not The in boy under the blue the umbrella little raining. blue though t-shirt is is	The little boy in the blue t-shirt is smiling under the blue umbrella even though it is not raining.
another a guitar. song sang played man The while man	The man sang a song while another man played guitar.
cheering woman man and	man and woman cheering
of men doing group whitewater a A rafting. in blue raft	A group of men in a blue raft doing whitewater rafting.
extinguish fire. to on car uses water that Firefighter a was	Firefighter uses water to extinguish a car that was on fire.
boys are around a Two field. running	Two boys are running around a field.
A bird eating.	A bird eating.
on boy rug. lays little a with colorful a A face dirty	A little boy with a dirty face lays on a colorful rug.
head photo art on an woman at closeup with sunglasses her show of a a	a closeup photo of a woman with sunglasses on her head at an art show
Two and eating ice sitting boys cream.	Two boys sitting and eating ice cream.
a sidewalk. man the riding motorcycle A down	A man riding a motorcycle down the sidewalk.
with an through gallery. basket man are is A a walking	A man with a basket is walking through an are gallery.
beer in sign man on standing a neon wall a bar a with the hanging	a man standing in a bar with a neon beer sign hanging on the wall
purple is lady holding The ribbon. a	The lady is holding a purple ribbon.
the building are beach, with people a near Many on flags flying.	Many people are on the beach, near a building with flags flying.
her A snow. gets in sled the girl off	A girl gets off her sled in the snow.
man in next to A bench. yard a a stand child and	A man and child stand in a yard next to a bench.
skateboards. with two and The legs mid-sections of people	The legs and mid-sections of two people with skateboards.
a with red the collar black wet A standing water. lab is in	A wet black lab with a red collar is standing in the water.
young A woman girl a sitting are and happily together.	A woman and a young girl are happily sitting together.
up a in front hind in pink blanket. black is sweater legs A his pink of on dog a	A black dog in a pink sweater is up on his hind legs in front of a pink blanket.
musher's sled. the watches crowd The dog	The crowd watches the musher's dog sled.
dog watches the dog as grass. black The brown jumps the in	The brown dog watches as the black dog jumps in the grass.
wearing wearing pirate swimming a it a a blue young skull shirt with goggles on man	a young man wearing swimming goggles wearing a blue shirt with a pirate skull on it
A device a pours syrup on spinning child	A child pours syrup on a spinning device
sniff in grass. the dogs Two brown	Two brown dogs sniff in the grass.
toy on a with yellow beach rope dog with red A attached. runs dog a the	A dog runs on the beach with a red dog toy with a yellow rope attached.
black his a grass a A in soccer home. beat the ball on in up dog front mouth of holds	A black dog holds a beat up soccer ball in his mouth on the grass in front of a home.
A across the away grass. running white and dog black	A black and white dog running away across the grass.
very of a The tall is the in middle snowboarder jump	The snowboarder is in the middle of a very tall jump
in A dirt bike midair	A dirt bike in midair
in man a a a blue the wearing riding woods. helmet bike	a man wearing a blue helmet riding a bike in the woods.
dog is the A black in running water.	A black dog is running in the water.
a big leashes. A a white dog on white walking man and small	A man walking a small white and a big white dog on leashes.
The is boy surfing.	The boy is surfing.
a dog brown a a plate grassy dog that brown a carrying field. through following black is is	a black dog is following a brown dog that is carrying a brown plate through a grassy field.
room older an young slinky in plays watches. while child A with family the sibling a	A young child plays with a slinky in the family room while an older sibling watches.
jumps boy through red. the onto something air A	A boy jumps through the air onto something red.
coach field. walking on head The the out is	The head coach is walking out on the field.
announcer sumo standing wrestlers an and to young Three listening	Three young sumo wrestlers standing and listening to an announcer
of a cloud as stirs of racing beside group men tree up on gravel road car the dust stands near a them. a A	A group of men stands near a tree as a racing car stirs up a cloud of dust on the gravel road beside them.
dog the running through A water big	A big dog running through the water
sits the black a in sand. lab	a black lab sits in the sand.
running shallow a water A beach. across man on a dog and	A man and a dog running across shallow water on a beach.
man in room. reads alone quietly A	A man reads quietly alone in room.
snowboarder air the through on their A jumps snowboard.	A snowboarder jumps through the air on their snowboard.
teenage has protruding a A nose. ring his silver boy from	A teenage boy has a silver ring protruding from his nose.
on drum. little kids bongo are a beating Two	Two little kids are beating on a bongo drum.
boy in at with while an playground, shirt a blue A in boy smiling a safari hat a the on. looks shirt sits orange	A smiling boy in an orange shirt with a safari hat sits at the playground, while a boy in a blue shirt looks on.
blanket. black in a woman in A orange baby holds an	A woman in black holds a baby in an orange blanket.
over down pole. his a legs hanging upside is child with The	The child is hanging upside down with his legs over a pole.
with boxers gloves fighting. white are Two	Two boxers with white gloves are fighting.
horse. at dog nips of A leg the a	A dog nips at the leg of a horse.
with man A hand. waterskiing one	A man waterskiing with one hand.
the crowd football player to teammate on. as A the passes looks a football	A football player passes the football to a teammate as the crowd looks on.
the water. sand A the walks on near dog	A dog walks on the sand near the water.
a of down skating A someone a at picture night. taking person railing	A person taking a picture of someone skating down a railing at night.
a past a woman A down decoration. sidewalk walks Halloween	A woman walks down a sidewalk past a Halloween decoration.
near a A crowd. hat a wearing and sunglasses man	A man wearing sunglasses and a hat near a crowd.
A a doing bicycle man trick.	A man doing a bicycle trick.
in fenced play field. on Two girls a	Two girls play on a fenced in field.
a A instruments around table. are few people playing	A few people are playing instruments around a table.
land. flying brown bird A over large and white	A large brown and white bird flying over land.
dogs Two near a brown together tree. cavort	Two brown dogs cavort together near a tree.
down yellow A a rides forest. dirt track motocross in a man bike a in	A man in yellow rides a motocross bike down a dirt track in a forest.
a blows bubbles wharf. pink A girl a dress on in	A girl in a pink dress blows bubbles on a wharf.
man A short black muscular shorts. in dancing	A muscular black man dancing in short shorts.
on two a green dogs field. jump ball a for	two dogs jump for a ball on a green field.
through is A black running spotted a grassy and area. dog white	A white and black spotted dog is running through a grassy area.
dog over the in A stick a jumping yard.	A dog jumping over a stick in the yard.
on rocks some him. around waves standing man is A while lap	A man is standing on some rocks while waves lap around him.
an inflatable Two play in pool. children	Two children play in an inflatable pool.
a rocky Kids area. in play	Kids play in a rocky area.
Large bush a dog brown jumping in grassy a over area.	Large brown dog jumping over a bush in a grassy area.
little clothes A holding pink rods. girl in yellow	A little girl in pink clothes holding yellow rods.
and small dog. white child a A small	A small child and a small white dog.
tide beach. the The through water of is the incoming dog at walking white the	The white dog is walking through the water of the incoming tide at the beach.
black girl her in a up shirt nose a a with pen brown blond	a blond girl in a brown shirt with a black pen up her nose
in playing of tub plastic Kids a balls.	Kids playing in a tub of plastic balls.
A hill. a is backpacking up man grassy	A man is backpacking up a grassy hill.
A near small on a ledge beach. child sitting a	A small child sitting on a ledge near a beach.
marketplace. man black in a An standing trench a old coat in	An old man in a black trench coat standing in a marketplace.
a a in with in green dog yard A object its black mouth.	A black dog in a yard with a green object in its mouth.
Simpsons group of near teenagers A characters.	A group of teenagers near Simpsons characters.
building. camera digital huge a a of outside holding standing a man	a man holding a digital camera standing outside of a huge building.
smiles snow. running waves and musher in his behind dogs A are who	A musher waves and smiles behind his dogs who are running in snow.
plant in The carrying bird mouth its while is flying. a	The bird is carrying a plant in its mouth while flying.
is dirt bike her a girl little riding on A trail.	A little girl is riding her bike on a dirt trail.
their two wheelers. ride three women	two women ride their three wheelers.
looking as slope. a over shoulder sandy stand he A on his beagle	A beagle looking over his shoulder as he stand on a sandy slope.
in in top a wicket boy a a a in yellow at bat. shirt ball holding the front of cricket bowls red a who girl is a	a girl in a red top bowls a cricket ball at a boy in a yellow shirt who is in front of the wicket holding a bat.
black is the a juming catches mouth. into in stick water its dog and A	A black dog is juming into the water and catches a stick in its mouth.
along woman grey her street. in a overcoat a rides A bicycle	A woman in a grey overcoat rides her bicycle along a street.
a swims a near person. in pool dog A	A dog swims in a pool near a person.
Two at top the of a people mountain.	Two people at the top of a mountain.
Some men to like cannon. try what load a looks	Some men try to load what looks like a cannon.
on The four riding a in kids are an field. ATV	The four kids are riding on an ATV in a field.
grass A black the dog is in in with a jeans. woman	A black dog is in the grass with a woman in jeans.
sits baby hat his with red stroller. in A	A baby with red hat sits in his stroller.
dog to high jumps a white get Frisbee. and A black green	A black and white dog jumps high to get a green Frisbee.
on people building group of a balcony a standing of a large small	a group of people standing on a small balcony of a large building
in A mouth dog a with stick its golden swims	A golden dog swims with a stick in its mouth
wrestler in blue ring. in another black the begins to push A of out sumo	A sumo wrestler in black begins to push another in blue out of the ring.
teenage handrail steps. on of flight a riding is the stone a boy outdoor A of skateboard	A teenage boy is riding a skateboard on the stone handrail of a flight of outdoor steps.
blue. ball, red player blocking dives player in Soccer in toward	Soccer player in red dives toward ball, blocking player in blue.
fantastic makes rider BMW A marvel. onlookers jump as a	A BMW rider makes a fantastic jump as onlookers marvel.
boxes. man style two A British orange telephone walks bag an carrying past	A man carrying an orange bag walks past two British style telephone boxes.
dog dog. bite to another a tries	a dog tries to bite another dog.
guarding goalie A goal. the is	A goalie is guarding the goal.
directs police a A on street. city traffic officer	A police officer directs traffic on a city street.
dirt dirt their bike ride riders bikes. two	two dirt bike riders ride their dirt bikes.
boys playing flag football in little jerseys. purple Two	Two little boys playing flag football in purple jerseys.
white a rocky is running down dog A beach.	A white dog is running down a rocky beach.
grassy dark shirt A a as boy in young runs blue blurs. background the	A young boy in a dark blue shirt runs as the grassy background blurs.
log park people ride night. amusement Water with at in it	Water log amusement park ride with people in it at night.
pink sweater. wears a dog A	A dog wears a pink sweater.
with on sweatshirt in dog. black is woman dock a wet walking A a a	A woman in a black sweatshirt is walking on a dock with a wet dog.
of a man on ramp. covered a bicycle at jumps graffiti Young top trick the	Young man on a trick bicycle jumps at the top of a graffiti covered ramp.
into wearing diving water. Three young swim colorful are the trunks men	Three young men wearing colorful swim trunks are diving into the water.
from wearing red water. rope a swim trunks is into boy A swinging the	A boy wearing red swim trunks is swinging from a rope into the water.
black to A is white carpeted in a room. down about dog sit	A black dog is about to sit down in a white carpeted room.
of dress pink blowing girl a ship. black walkway in The is on a in the front bubbles	The girl in the pink dress is blowing bubbles on a walkway in front of a black ship.
the ". with " of cutouts letter plays in paper pajamas Toddler P	Toddler in pajamas plays with paper cutouts of the letter " P ".
basketball, playing struggle for the Two ball. men in uniforms	Two men in uniforms playing basketball, struggle for the ball.
pants jumps in off The pajama boy sofa. the	The boy in pajama pants jumps off the sofa.
yellow a hose brown for holding little a dog. girl The is	The little girl is holding a yellow hose for a brown dog.
on the dog is brown a rolling around grass.	a brown dog is rolling around on the grass.
rock scaling night. at Climber	Climber scaling rock at night.
the on at sitting are Two people nighttime. bus	Two people are sitting on the bus at nighttime.
walking through dog Light water. brown	Light brown dog walking through water.
a boy jumping Young off ramp. on bicycle	Young boy on bicycle jumping off a ramp.
into from child jumping swimming the a diving pool A board.	A child jumping into a swimming pool from the diving board.
distance. are into people looking group A the of	A group of people are looking into the distance.
A woman swing a and a on are red girl swinging	A woman and a girl are swinging on a red swing
be seen camera of take something a ZCHTV n't wall. setting that to a man up shots A is near ca	A man is setting up a camera to take shots of something that ca n't be seen near a ZCHTV wall.
a red on a with muzzle shirt running blue A race. greyhound and	A greyhound with a red shirt and blue muzzle on running a race.
child small crawling A windowsill. a on	A small child crawling on a windowsill.
headband in a posing purple A and shirt pink girl	A girl in a purple shirt and pink headband posing
woman flute. the is red a A in uniform playing	A woman in a red uniform is playing the flute.
magazines telescopes. Four look like children through rolled	Four children look through rolled magazines like telescopes.
Two girls hugging.	Two girls hugging.
standing each people snow. a brown others with holding them, shoulders of on Four front in dog	Four people holding each others shoulders with a brown dog in front of them, standing on snow.
the motorcycle at in action is racer track. A	A motorcycle racer is in action at the track.
chasing are yard. in other dogs each Two a	Two dogs are chasing each other in a yard.
a with toy. shaggy dog plays A	A shaggy dog plays with a toy.
couple A a parking lot. in	A couple in a parking lot.
is to dog bite trying One another.	One dog is trying to bite another.
sleve dress with a Girl mini through crowded and pink wearing a area. jacket walking bag white a long	Girl wearing a mini dress and long sleve white jacket with a pink bag walking through a crowded area.
a boy background hanging in by A a is and man rope. poses for picture a the	A boy poses for a picture and in the background a man is hanging by a rope.
dogs running tall through Two grass.	Two dogs running through tall grass.
a on boy jumps slide backyard. a young in A	A young boy jumps on a slide in a backyard.
This dog path. is the along running	This dog is running along the path.
A swimming while in a playing watches. badminton lady a girl pool	A girl in a swimming pool playing badminton while a lady watches.
A couple kisses the dark. quietly in	A couple quietly kisses in the dark.
leaves. grass small dog A with over brown running littered dry is	A small brown dog is running over grass littered with dry leaves.
hanging on a trampoline tongue brown standing The with out. and dog white its is	The brown and white dog is standing on a trampoline with its tongue hanging out.
dog during and black white agility over an furry jumps a test. A bar	A furry black and white dog jumps over a bar during an agility test.
cream in ice cone A mouth. has dog an its black	A black dog has an ice cream cone in its mouth.
The at a observes dining room, kitchen including in jacket. man restaurant the a a worker red	The kitchen worker at a restaurant observes the dining room, including a man in a red jacket.
A rough in water. man kayaks	A man kayaks in rough water.
course. dirt a Bicyclist on riding race	Bicyclist riding on a dirt race course.
A a performs stunt. skateboarder	A skateboarder performs a stunt.
floor two on a crawling babies wood young	two young babies crawling on a wood floor
person skateboarding near a A windmill.	A person skateboarding near a windmill.
line using a with trees. are trail walking People in backpacks through the a	People walking in a line with backpacks are using a trail through the trees.
A toy a and standard outside. playing with black white red is poodle	A black standard poodle is playing with a red and white toy outside.
yellow and toy, child in with legs Child adult's riding wheeled, background. another	Child riding wheeled, yellow toy, with adult's legs and another child in background.
iron A on bridges dog that standing an the is black girder river.	A black dog is standing on an iron girder that bridges the river.
flaming obstacle. dog A through a show jumps	A show dog jumps through a flaming obstacle.
a running Yellow trail. is dog up	Yellow dog is running up a trail.
in bikini climbing rocks. A in a girl	A girl in a bikini in climbing rocks.
under a umbrella. bench black a person black The red is and on in laying	The person in red and black is laying on a bench under a black umbrella.
shorts ramp. bike shirt A a and a a in blue jumping boy with	A boy in a blue shirt and shorts jumping a bike with a ramp.
standing of car behind desk part is and red above there is and A his a man head. hanging	A man is standing behind and desk and there is part of a red car hanging above his head.
Two fighting are dogs snow. in tan black and	Two black and tan dogs are fighting in snow.
black sand the in a by Two pier. run dogs	Two black dogs run in the sand by a pier.
ride while carrying flags. on horses Men	Men ride on horses while carrying flags.
inflatbale slide. kid in an black going down A	A kid in black going down an inflatbale slide.
a is two playground. a on A in children seesaw playing woman with	A woman is playing with two children on a seesaw in a playground.
water group A people boat, of a rafting. white in	A group of people in a boat, white water rafting.
a mountain. is down skier A snowy falling	A skier is falling down a snowy mountain.
The the is skating woman park. in	The woman is skating in the park.
his game. watches and a headphones to A listens coach the game for	A coach for a game listens to his headphones and watches the game.
to dressed Two girls laughing. a sit party on bed	Two girls dressed to party sit on a bed laughing.
over water by blue two dogs fighting ball	two dogs by water fighting over blue ball
on busy a black man walking building sidewalk. past A a is	A black man is walking past a building on a busy sidewalk.
his whilst waiting. surfer a surfer on board another the is waves riding sits	a surfer is riding the waves whilst another surfer sits on his board waiting.
chases flowery man paved little a down a a girl dress in trail. A	A man chases a little girl in a flowery dress down a paved trail.
scarf wearing hat a red similar woman among clothes. wearing others stands and A	A woman wearing a hat and red scarf stands among others wearing similar clothes.
during game. baseball attempting in a uniform dressed a A to a hit teenager baseball	A teenager dressed in a baseball uniform attempting to hit a baseball during a game.
bar a in a its ball mouth. over jumps dog a with	a dog jumps over a bar with a ball in its mouth.
dog shades carpet. a light Window and a colorful shadow lying cast on on	Window shades cast light and shadow on a dog lying on a colorful carpet.
in brightly A the at skateboarder ramp. air a colored	A skateboarder in the air at a brightly colored ramp.
in trail A down forest. a lush dog shaggy runs a dirt	A shaggy dog runs down a dirt trail in a lush forest.
with flag wearing a boy basketball with American plays blacktop. an A the a shirt on	A boy wearing a shirt with an American flag plays with a basketball on the blacktop.
A guy skateboarding. is	A guy is skateboarding.
The her buried waist is to beach. the the yellow the hat in in up little on girl sand	The little girl in the yellow hat is buried up to her waist in the sand on the beach.
people Five a sidewalk. on	Five people on a sidewalk.
huge men Three that a carrying are a is tractor driving object. brown	Three men are driving a tractor that is carrying a huge brown object.
A through bike a is in riding morning. the area wooded man his	A man is riding his bike through a wooded area in the morning.
a young people in park. four through busy trees are walking past	four young people are walking through past trees in a busy park.
and snow. dog brown small dog A black large walk on the	A large brown dog and small black dog walk on the snow.
The children next are a standing statue of cow. woman to a and	The woman and children are standing next to a statue of a cow.
shirt blue tennis. headband and plays in man A white a	A man in a blue headband and white shirt plays tennis.
a riding wetsuit Surfer wave. in	Surfer in wetsuit riding a wave.
white snow dog jacket. the a wearing The stands black in	The white dog stands in the snow wearing a black jacket.
along dog cow field. grassy beside A in a a running	A dog running along beside a cow in a grassy field.
foot grass grabs one on fatigues, the men in lot. parking combat Two other's near	Two men in combat fatigues, one grabs the other's foot on grass near parking lot.
team to score a The goal. hockey trying field is	The field hockey team is trying to score a goal.
front in with condominium around. and standing of Two a men grass trees building	Two men standing in front of a condominium building with grass and trees around.
wall. down can a grab blue Two dog a hanging brown it black up so large rope lift a men	Two men lift a brown dog up so it can grab a large blue rope hanging down a black wall.
high reaches A man his climb. him to during help rock	A man reaches high to help him during his rock climb.
person into river. a a a jumping grey wearing yellow young shorts shirt and	a young person wearing a grey shirt and yellow shorts jumping into a river.
selling Woman walking woven items. beach on the	Woman walking on the beach selling woven items.
walking bike camera. away the from towards another in background camera One while his bike jumping person his the the is one	One person jumping his bike towards the camera while another one in the background is walking his bike away from the camera.
dinner woman the at and table. man A and sit talk	A man and woman sit and talk at the dinner table.
black fluffy and a white brown, running path a on	a fluffy brown, white and black running on a path
a and skiing A steep slope. white, red gear blue, person down wearing	A person wearing blue, white, and red gear skiing down a steep slope.
face paper toddler, A paint, with thumb. hat his a sucking and	A toddler, with a paper hat and face paint, sucking his thumb.
an the enjoying innertube in lake. A girl	A girl in an innertube enjoying the lake.
dogs spots brown running the Two grass. with white in little are	Two little white dogs with brown spots are running in the grass.
the camera a toward with through a pond very A wet coming mossy dog ball.	A very wet dog coming toward the camera through a mossy pond with a ball.
each other Three ground, on the teenage rolling all over girls laughing	Three teenage girls rolling all over each other on the ground, laughing
black dog. licked Woman a in black by scarf being	Woman in black scarf being licked by a black dog.
standing group is of sort around This people a at of event. some	This is a group of people standing around at some sort of event.
from car in comes professional Smoke race	Smoke comes from car in professional race
boys character with from Rangers. for young a a posing Two are Power the picture	Two young boys are posing for a picture with a character from the Power Rangers.
along A green dog gray grass. the runs	A gray dog runs along the green grass.
appears product man a A to he poses trying sell. to with and be smiles	A man smiles and poses with a product he appears to be trying to sell.
A a tree. black bird leafless in sitting	A black bird sitting in a leafless tree.
the a playing fence. sand in dogs to Two next	Two dogs playing in the sand next to a fence.
unhappy. and sitting down an older old man An woman looking	An older woman and an old man sitting down looking unhappy.
summit A that range. rest group mountain climbers of a another on overlooks	A group of climbers rest on a summit that overlooks another mountain range.
is her a hand. tattoo girl on A getting	A girl is getting a tattoo on her hand.
horse in wearing cover held Grey from shirt. a green eating blue person by orange a bucket a	Grey horse wearing blue cover eating from a orange bucket held by a person in a green shirt.
wearing young a A life kid jacket	A young kid wearing a life jacket
dog is Black into to a white and jumping ball air the catch outside.	Black and white dog is jumping into the air to catch a ball outside.
on in jumps dress black A the woman grass. a	A woman in a black dress jumps on the grass.
running sprinkler grass. away dog brown the in the from Large	Large brown dog running away from the sprinkler in the grass.
grass. brown with White mouth on and open running dog	White and brown dog with mouth open running on grass.
little her slide. A a on down belly girl sliding	A little girl sliding on her belly down a slide.
baseball with another uniform in A woman mitt. her a tags	A woman in a baseball uniform tags another with her mitt.
woman her someone at hand a party a down. tries drinking, her while at points put to While friend	While at a party drinking, a woman points at someone while her friend tries to put her hand down.
and in smiling wearing car. A hat sunglasses a a child sits	A smiling child wearing a hat and sunglasses sits in a car.
a A of birds over flying shoreline. flock	A flock of birds flying over a shoreline.
it water a body causing of to A large is running in splash. dog	A dog is running in a large body of water causing it to splash.
is small attempting to wave. A a ride woman	A woman is attempting to ride a small wave.
Two a retreiving wood stick large dogs of	Two dogs retreiving a large stick of wood
playing dogs on near carpet couch. white Two are a together	Two dogs are playing together on white carpet near a couch.
screening eyes their flat stone. person a tower of A standing beside	A person screening their eyes standing beside a tower of flat stone.
people a talking at together are bar. Various	Various people are talking together at a bar.
sit individuals park Two a on bench.	Two individuals sit on a park bench.
black in a A field. dog thin, running very	A very thin, black dog running in a field.
bike man the A woods. in a rides	A man rides a bike in the woods.
white man look hands. at of and a A front their in stand building woman and	A man and woman stand in front of a white building and look at their hands.
beach with people little on two city a Three dogs.	Three people on a city beach with two little dogs.
couple on patio overlooking the A a ocean. sit	A couple sit on a patio overlooking the ocean.
cups. at is a ball A man throwing some red white small	A man is throwing a small white ball at some red cups.
boys area. run Six in a are and playing down sitting	Six boys are sitting and playing in a run down area.
woman. with Man tongue a pierced a next to	Man with a pierced tongue next to a woman.
Rollerblades in grinding man of ramp. the a view of top a at Fisheye	Fisheye view of a man in Rollerblades grinding at the top of a ramp.
the pool. slides girl in Little down	Little girl slides down in the pool.
for picture. Two a posing asian ladies	Two asian ladies posing for a picture.
field. stands A dogs of their group by in people a	A group of people stands by their dogs in a field.
with a dog a of playing children group	a group of children playing with a dog
two player run for Frisbee. the	two player run for the Frisbee.
on Two in a water raft a slide. children	Two children in a raft on a water slide.
A costume a wearing an Indian man is playing snare drum.	A man wearing an Indian costume is playing a snare drum.
overlooking people green Two grass. rolling a are standing hill on	Two people are standing on a hill overlooking rolling green grass.
horse with nose, on white and A black a forehead his running.	A black horse with a white on his forehead and nose, running.
plain. on snowy setting up a are sledge Three men a	Three men are setting up a sledge on a snowy plain.
of the a almost dozen down a 2 on road riding outside cart people are	almost 2 dozen people are riding on the outside of a cart down a road
greyhound Black racing a track. dog down	Black greyhound dog racing down a track.
man a a racket. is hitting ball This with tennis tennis	This man is hitting a tennis ball with a tennis racket.
the face. black other belts Two one the in sparring, kicking	Two black belts sparring, one kicking the other in the face.
of balding colorful display. in man glasses front stands with A a	A balding man with glasses stands in front of a colorful display.
at with A bag a her red standing her girl shirt side. around black purse yellow and in is	A girl in a red shirt is standing around with her yellow bag and black purse at her side.
streets. The in the people party young	The young people party in the streets.
girl karate class. object kicks at Little black	Little girl kicks black object at karate class.
a woman photograph. A takes	A woman takes a photograph.
Sooners is The center. quarterback snap his waiting from the for	The Sooners quarterback is waiting for the snap from his center.
A shore. a into near is water diving man	A man is diving into water near a shore.
looking a bench park sit people on a fountain. Two at	Two people sit on a park bench looking at a fountain.
a kid a on little playground. at pole A swings	A little kid swings on a pole at a playground.
in wearing foreground the a cafeteria and brown school boy yellow people with a stripes in	people in a school cafeteria with a boy in the foreground wearing yellow and brown stripes
young a helping girl. woman blonde A	A woman helping a young blonde girl.
at A toddler a man and look advertisements.	A man and a toddler look at advertisements.
dry runs the dog grass. black a through	a black dog runs through the dry grass.
near are Several boats. beachgoers reclining upside-down	Several beachgoers are reclining near upside-down boats.
kicking Dog up dirt	Dog kicking up dirt
A the camera. toward the through dog right water running	A dog running through the water right toward the camera.
a in to outfits People matching next canon.	People in matching outfits next to a canon.
event. an man a uniform a during holding in while waves banner A	A man in a uniform waves while holding a banner during an event.
sand Girls playing a in playground.	Girls playing in a sand playground.
running A with outstretched girl arms	A girl running with outstretched arms
railroad and middle shorts in of green in A a standing tracks. the tank young female top the	A young female in a green tank top and shorts standing in the middle of the railroad tracks.
opinion. in A his is expressing a man crowd	A man in a crowd is expressing his opinion.
A grassy crowd is plain. on gathering a	A crowd is gathering on a grassy plain.
baseball a uniform runs boy the A bases. in	A boy in a baseball uniform runs the bases.
as watches. snow cow the a a another Black and jumping barks in fence dog cow	Black cow jumping a fence in the snow as a dog barks and another cow watches.
jacket high A boots fly is knee and fishing. man a red wearing	A man wearing a red jacket and knee high boots is fly fishing.
red of Child the inside climbs slide. a	Child climbs the inside of a red slide.
all race. in The the motorcyclists turn together	The motorcyclists all turn together in the race.
little crowd. looking a into females girl face A in midst a of the	A little girl looking into a females face in the midst of a crowd.
An man. near standing man elderly a younger	An elderly man standing near a younger man.
with woman man cup red a a a A holding straw. beside stands	A man stands beside a woman holding a red cup with a straw.
girls in the outdoors. dressed and playing are as young are two fairies, The leaves	The two young girls are dressed as fairies, and are playing in the leaves outdoors.
a forest A dog runs along lane.	A dog runs along a forest lane.
boy on playing a a a standing sidewalk blue young with ball	a young boy playing with a blue ball standing on a sidewalk
is a a brick to a performing A cyclist railing jump and near wall.	A cyclist is performing a jump near to a railing and a brick wall.
through by vehicle is surrounded driving pine mud The trees.	The vehicle is driving through mud surrounded by pine trees.
woman of pair dogs. a with marches A	A woman marches with a pair of dogs.
water large and bird. A white grey	A large grey and white water bird.
stripped a wearing haired woman grass long shirt. cowboy and hat a A is	A long haired woman is wearing a grass cowboy hat and a stripped shirt.
hole A dog in yard. a a digs	A dog digs a hole in a yard.
Two the out in the small of canoes water. middle are	Two small canoes are out in the middle of the water.
another a dog. chases dog	a dog chases another dog.
with black runs out mouth. dog of its stick water a in A the	A black dog runs out of the water with a stick in its mouth.
white helmet. wearing a rock climber A	A rock climber wearing a white helmet.
jump. making skateboarder A a	A skateboarder making a jump.
is smoking The woman with colorful blanket pipe. a a	The woman with a colorful blanket is smoking a pipe.
dog in to water brown its A up neck	A brown dog up to its neck in water
through is ducks. water near several dog A swimming deep	A dog is swimming through deep water near several ducks.
city Two water street. in boys underwear in in play the the	Two boys in underwear play in the water in the city street.
puppy a is A black biting tree limb.	A black puppy is biting a tree limb.
sitting listening together on people subway Two earphones. a to	Two people sitting together on a subway listening to earphones.
and holds a throw. to is A young ready girl wet sponge	A young girl holds a wet sponge and is ready to throw.
his to basketball into mouth. A a air brown dog is try jumping and with wet the catch	A wet brown dog is jumping into the air to try and catch a basketball with his mouth.
is an terrier in a performing The test. agility jump	The terrier is performing a jump in an agility test.
path down A towards land with rocky water. walks a hiker	A hiker walks down a rocky path towards land with water.
grey A plaid is scottish bearded the in bagpipes. gentleman red playing	A grey bearded scottish gentleman in red plaid is playing the bagpipes.
in on among a People congregate boats. a decorated platform river	People congregate on a platform in a river among decorated boats.
playground Two boys with young equipment	Two young boys with playground equipment
black with riding bike. A and a her female scarf a helmet	A female with a black scarf and a helmet riding her bike.
and A by can ice a has girl her so eat that bike she rested cream. bench	A girl has rested her bike by a bench so that she can eat and ice cream.
woman is blue wearing young A a a beach. swimsuit on top standing sandy	A young woman wearing a blue swimsuit top is standing on a sandy beach.
girl pink in ladder. climbing and a A is purple	A girl in pink and purple is climbing a ladder.
in with dog mouth catch A to a ball the wide open sand. its	A dog with its mouth wide open to catch a ball in the sand.
A in a hair with ears and field. dog blond floppy running	A dog with blond hair and floppy ears running in a field.
A on laying boy clothes.	A boy laying on clothes.
are kickboxing. Two men	Two men are kickboxing.
jumping background. ramp person A three the a people with in	A person jumping a ramp with three people in the background.
is railing. sliding rollerblader down a A	A rollerblader is sliding down a railing.
A the the side of holding man a road, sign. on stands cardboard	A man stands on the side of the road, holding a cardboard sign.
computers with videocameras. gathering of people and A	A gathering of people with computers and videocameras.
and grey run on the beach. dog dog A a black	A black dog and a grey dog run on the beach.
a store. People browse in	People browse in a store.
bull in a Four a rodeo men bucking with	Four men in a rodeo with a bull bucking
white man. swimming dog small a brown to a through the and pool next	a small brown and white dog swimming through the pool next to a man.
a the white playing Two house near in monitor. dogs computer	Two white dogs playing in the house near a computer monitor.
black air snow. in A dog leaps the the above	A black dog leaps in the air above the snow.
the toy Children are with in swords street. playing	Children are playing with toy swords in the street.
brown red poodle playing poodle. toy a Black with carrying chew while	Black poodle carrying red chew toy while playing with a brown poodle.
skirts and large of girls all are white tank tops. A green wearing crowd	A large crowd of girls are all wearing green skirts and white tank tops.
hose fireman pulling to a is car fire. The the	The fireman is pulling the hose to a car fire.
street. a person the on A down bicycle goes	A person on a bicycle goes down the street.
in A bows hair. wearing screams her while girl little	A little girl screams while wearing bows in her hair.
a uniform a holding white baseball wearing baseball. The boy is and	The boy is wearing a white baseball uniform and holding a baseball.
man is An standing at the elderly street. gazing outside night, at	An elderly man is standing outside at night, gazing at the street.
grassy park. a boy through A area a in running	A boy running through a grassy area in a park.
across running A a landscape. is dog black rocky	A black dog is running across a rocky landscape.
has dog a ball caught in surrounded white A yellow field grassy by brown a and trees.	A brown and white dog has caught a yellow ball in a grassy field surrounded by trees.
in sofa a on A a woman lays yard.	A woman lays on a sofa in a yard.
in park, the cricket in pine the trees playing People back.	People playing cricket in the park, pine trees in the back.
A a paddles canoe. girl	A girl paddles a canoe.
opening A cardboard a box. hat man black wearing a	A man wearing a black hat opening a cardboard box.
is white duck. a dog after swimming A	A white dog is swimming after a duck.
onto both dog small large a looking standing a black to next and a white up counter. dog black	a small black and white dog standing next to a large black dog both looking up onto a counter.
onto A bars monkey a hangs jungle at gym. man the	A man hangs onto the monkey bars at a jungle gym.
men on a into looking course. Two distance golf the	Two men looking into the distance on a golf course.
autos. looking we see and coupe green a beetle, at plaza, a this VW the many In white sports people	In this plaza, we see a green VW beetle, a white sports coupe and many people looking at the autos.
path of skiers group following A forest. a cross-country the through	A group of cross-country skiers following a path through the forest.
down uniforms squat red white the players football in field. and blue Two on	Two players in red white and blue football uniforms squat down on the field.
ball. baseball, A man throwing playing the	A man playing baseball, throwing the ball.
pants little snow yellow dog in down a a pulling the on boy	a dog pulling down yellow pants on a little boy in the snow
front in basketball. a white house holding man youn of red blue and A	A youn man in front of a white house holding blue and red basketball.
Two amusement an people ride. park on	Two people on an amusement park ride.
A a dog through small grassy runs field.	A small dog runs through a grassy field.
skis slope. pink a on wearing skis Person in	Person in pink skis wearing skis on a slope.
on colorful kids structure. play a of A group	A group of kids play on a colorful structure.
being by while a a skier another doing man pole trick on photographed	a skier doing a trick on pole while being photographed by another man
A a woman in fish of attention. wetsuit in need a aids	A woman in a wetsuit aids a fish in need of attention.
with Young boy glasses in sprinkler. playing the	Young boy with glasses playing in the sprinkler.
in lady crosses the city. street Old the	Old lady crosses the street in the city.
A man on eat. the and a ground and girl sit	A man and a girl sit on the ground and eat.
ball Two dogs with tennis playing a	Two dogs playing with a tennis ball
little doing bend field on a grassy a girl a back	a little girl doing a back bend on a grassy field
little the in Two playing lot. girls parking	Two little girls playing in the parking lot.
One prepares blow another a in foreground blond background. to smiles the the hair woman in with while noisemaker	One woman with blond hair smiles in the foreground while another prepares to blow a noisemaker in the background.
red a a man A has on yellow ball stick.	A man has a yellow ball on a red stick.
wave surfboard yellow a surfer riding a in A a shirt white on	A surfer in a yellow shirt riding a wave on a white surfboard
Two looks young on men basketball crowd while play	Two young men play basketball while crowd looks on
dirt woods. biker rides motocycle his through the A	A dirt biker rides his motocycle through the woods.
graduation field. is in child A their who celebrating a	A child who is celebrating their graduation in a field.
yellow of dressed costumes bright and in feathers white People	People dressed in bright costumes of white and yellow feathers
purple field. The lying object an concerned uncut with a dog is in	The dog is concerned with a purple object lying in an uncut field.
moving pink jumping a a A swing. in girl shirt of out	A girl in a pink shirt jumping out of a moving swing.
bush. The hand woman near girls is holding a the	The woman is holding the girls hand near a bush.
in A man a shirt hikes nature blue through trail. a	A man in a blue shirt hikes through a nature trail.
a in back green A shirt of attempts help with man a flip his the friend.	A man in a green shirt attempts a back flip with the help of his friend.
brick a pictures. group of people taking outside A building are	A group of people are outside a brick building taking pictures.
candle. a white a shirt A lighting girl down kneeling in	A girl in a white shirt kneeling down lighting a candle.
men play Two football.	Two men play football.
few cones pier girls woooden cream ice a eating a on	a few girls on a woooden pier eating ice cream cones
street who on A near a is the his man, cellphone. crosses woman	A woman crosses the street near a man, who is on his cellphone.
waits holding outside pitcher a a among others of opening the A tent. woman	A woman holding a pitcher waits among others outside the opening of a tent.
motorized a near a long people through move alleyway parked scooter. Several	Several people move through a long alleyway near a parked motorized scooter.
on two very boots are skis fast. moving Two	Two boots are on two skis moving very fast.
along a jumping jumping lone trick path. a bicyclist a bike	a lone bicyclist jumping a trick along a bike jumping path.
street. leather mask on is man black and a sitting wearing A motorcycle on in a the	A man in wearing a mask and black leather is sitting on a motorcycle on the street.
with leaves. Four fallen are in boys red playing	Four boys in red are playing with fallen leaves.
ride group people bikes A colored around in of a outfits track.	A group of people in colored outfits ride bikes around a track.
red Person skateboard wearing and holding with white stars. a on striped sidewalk shirt standing black	Person wearing black and white striped shirt holding a red skateboard standing on sidewalk with stars.
mouth. man with A chip puts on in sunglasses a his	A man with sunglasses on puts a chip in his mouth.
Beautiful lift. ski scenery a and mountain	Beautiful mountain scenery and a ski lift.
dog licks by his the in brown standing woods. A while nose green grass	A brown dog licks his nose while standing in green grass by the woods.
cave laying in girls is snow young a A	A young girls is laying in a snow cave
carrying and a woman wearing cowboy luggage. A hat	A woman wearing a cowboy hat and carrying luggage.
The are soccer. playing girls	The girls are playing soccer.
A another large river mountain between down and the a him skiing behind a man mountain is with mountains.	A man is skiing down a mountain with another large mountain behind him and a river between the mountains.
A gloves stands young falling woman and in purple coat a in snow. spring	A young woman in a spring coat and purple gloves stands in falling snow.
in the game. Children ball soccer a chasing	Children chasing the ball in a soccer game.
black pool. into a man in rocky diving is shorts A	A man in black shorts is diving into a rocky pool.
green helmeted a The rides Kawasaki. man	The helmeted man rides a green Kawasaki.
wearing a smiles. swing and A pink girl rides young	A young girl wearing pink rides a swing and smiles.
men putting one together his Two ; on red stand something is arm.	Two men stand together ; one is putting something red on his arm.
steps beside A some washes power man pool. a swimming	A man power washes some steps beside a swimming pool.
is vaulting. is A pole black woman	A woman is black is pole vaulting.
a the striped head. boy in strainer on of his top shirt is putting This	This boy in the striped shirt is putting a strainer on top of his head.
in beach. the is running the ocean A dog beside	A dog is running in the ocean beside the beach.
woman stands with while man hands a her. behind her hips A field a her up in on runs	A woman stands in a field with her hands on her hips while a man runs up behind her.
people standing listening Many music. to around	Many people standing around listening to music.
creek. A boy a skips in a rock	A boy skips a rock in a creek.
People the out window look at mountains.	People look out the window at mountains.
dog in swims A surfboard. a with the ocean	A dog swims in the ocean with a surfboard.
wakeboards in man A the water.	A man wakeboards in the water.
in person of a red top rocks. A on jacket	A person in a red jacket on top of rocks.
a at cellphone. shirt looks down man A a green wearing	A man wearing a green shirt looks down at a cellphone.
and dog in of grass. running A field brown white a	A brown and white dog running in a field of grass.
over a dog hurdle. jumping Brown	Brown dog jumping over a hurdle.
with eyes closed his in young tossing sitting while leaf A leaves pile. boy a	A young boy with his eyes closed tossing leaves while sitting in a leaf pile.
a skying white Child slope. and down in pink	Child in pink and white skying down a slope.
and woman lake. A on man to next a deck sitting a	A man and woman sitting on a deck next to a lake.
a with a dogs through snow. carry man helmet Several	Several dogs carry a man with a helmet through snow.
girl A a field a a young beside is flying kite buildings. in lot of	A young girl is flying a kite in a field beside a lot of buildings.
out camping of group some on are rocks. A people	A group of people are camping out on some rocks.
A shaking ears self large is its sand. with while standing dog brown on	A brown dog with large ears is shaking its self while standing on sand.
an Three at party. beer drink outdoor people young	Three young people drink beer at an outdoor party.
with sandal dog is mouth. away A its running in a	A dog is running away with a sandal in its mouth.
red from player and football white. football keeps the away in player in The the purple	The football player in red keeps the football away from the player in purple and white.
her ears bunny boy smiling with Girl for giving camera	Girl smiling for camera with boy giving her bunny ears
flies landscape. air through A in the a front of mountainous skier	A skier flies through the air in front of a mountainous landscape.
of in chest of trees a sitting grass dog in a fur with patch with in his the the white area brown background. image Stretched	Stretched image of a brown dog with a white patch of fur in his chest area sitting in the grass with trees in the background.
a cigarette. a smokes shirt a man cast in black A and	A man in a black shirt and a cast smokes a cigarette.
skateboarder. shirtless A	A shirtless skateboarder.
dog jumps small a jump. a over	a small dog jumps over a jump.
is trampoline them. a Two behind and on little playhouse a girls	Two little girls on a trampoline and a playhouse is behind them.
boy younger fountain older a boy An a from water while watches. drinks	An older boy drinks from a water fountain while a younger boy watches.
young nearly upside A chair boy swing. down his swings blond in	A young blond boy swings nearly upside down in his chair swing.
Two field. by side men in running a are side	Two men are running side by side in a field.
is on man a mountain hill. pedaling a A up bike	A man on a mountain bike is pedaling up a hill.
dirt racers track. on Four are a motorcycle	Four motorcycle racers are on a dirt track.
case table, a guitar holding a one older Two men sitting at	Two older men sitting at a table, one holding a guitar case
brown chain neck wearing its is A head. shaking a it around dog	A brown dog wearing a chain around its neck is shaking it head.
cameraman the his checks camera. settings A on	A cameraman checks the settings on his camera.
that jacked a with parked under street a car up. on A lies head shoulders man is his and	A man lies on a street with his head and shoulders under a parked car that is jacked up.
snow a A person in tunnel.	A person in a snow tunnel.
strains throw a to ball. player baseball A	A baseball player strains to throw a ball.
scanner as a through microphone. course and children a holding a runs watch a blue towards dog two fenced person	two children watch as a dog runs through a blue fenced course towards a person holding a scanner and microphone.
her a is by a woman in sitting a holding arms. baby fence	a woman is sitting by a fence holding a baby in her arms.
outdoor an A her. behind bus with a woman descends a dog staircase,	A woman with a dog descends an outdoor staircase, a bus behind her.
people are Seven a natural in pool. wading	Seven people are wading in a natural pool.
a A jumps young set. swing off boy	A young boy jumps off a swing set.
black the in water. soaked dog as The gets it plays	The black dog gets soaked as it plays in the water.
standing crowd around musician. a yellow-suited are A of people	A crowd of people are standing around a yellow-suited musician.
wave. a rides surfer A green	A surfer rides a green wave.
sits his from boy a The in cup. toy car sipping	The boy sits in his toy car sipping from a cup.
through a puddle. dogs Three running	Three dogs running through a puddle.
man green half shirt a a pipe, in A stunt. on a skateboard doing	A man in a green shirt on a half pipe, doing a skateboard stunt.
little glasses jumps of into in boy a water. A spray	A little boy in glasses jumps into a spray of water.
in AIG playing t-shirt Man soccer.	Man in AIG t-shirt playing soccer.
dog in a running mouth. through its stick a Brown field with	Brown dog running through a field with a stick in its mouth.
lady squeezed The is selling freshly lemonade.	The lady is selling freshly squeezed lemonade.
gets stuck a muddy in truck hole. monster A	A monster truck gets stuck in a muddy hole.
across snowy car yellow a A path. drives	A yellow car drives across a snowy path.
red dog runs water. A with a collar big, black in the	A big, black dog with a red collar runs in the water.
holds as A an fire pan open person over frying a watches. child a	A person holds a frying pan over an open fire as a child watches.
The in running water. dogs are the	The dogs are running in the water.
rider for leans he sparks as a turn. in The makes motorcycle	The motorcycle rider makes sparks as he leans in for a turn.
a background, air. looking the building in the in are yellow With several children	With a yellow building in the background, several children are looking in the air.
climbing man up rock. is A large very a	A man is climbing up a very large rock.
water. in boy sitting A	A boy sitting in water.
leather a in boots. man leather jacket A and	A man in a leather jacket and leather boots.
surfs. A boy	A boy surfs.
A woman the bubble to child holding a wand for from. blow bubbles	A woman holding a bubble wand for the child to blow bubbles from.
brown dogs. attacked A other being is two dog by	A brown dog is being attacked by two other dogs.
Guys grass. red, blue and are the in wearing yellow, running	Guys wearing yellow, red, and blue are running in the grass.
woods. hiker his through on the with an backpack walks American A flag	A hiker with an American flag on his backpack walks through the woods.
a are crowd. haired dark girls in Two	Two dark haired girls are in a crowd.
front of in a cellphone that sitting while A railings front talks woman the blue of on are ocean. in	A woman talks on a cellphone while sitting in front of blue railings that are in front of the ocean.
an has enclosed girl water. skipped of body water-wear a stone off A in	A girl in water-wear has skipped a stone off an enclosed body of water.
boy a young sidewalk A on skateboards at a skate park.	A young boy skateboards on a sidewalk at a skate park.
single tree front a thought. woman contemplating A of stand man Christmas a and a in	A man and a woman stand in front of a Christmas tree contemplating a single thought.
fly a flock from ground with building up mural. to a next of A birds the	A flock of birds fly up from the ground next to a building with a mural.
up wall. a a rock going steep climber A distance panoramic of view mountain	A panoramic distance view of a rock climber going up a steep mountain wall.
sitting white in A dressed on bench. man a	A man dressed in white sitting on a bench.
a Three girls jumping on trampoline.	Three girls jumping on a trampoline.
mouth, Two snow. balls in in dogs their red running holding the	Two dogs holding red balls in their mouth, running in the snow.
a walkway at to along area Four an stop beyond fence. women look the	Four women stop along a walkway to look at an area beyond the fence.
a steep to high climber rock mesa. A clings above a rock overhanging	A rock climber clings to a steep overhanging rock high above a mesa.
a over The of look male takes view lake climber city. shoulder his the rock and the at	The male rock climber takes a look over his shoulder at the view of the lake and city.
scales A climber rock a steep face.	A climber scales a steep rock face.
is white running The dog the shallow in water.	The white dog is running in the shallow water.
running on brown sand to the next A is dog ocean.	A brown dog is running on sand next to the ocean.
a are around street. brick dogs walking on Several	Several dogs are walking around on a brick street.
in dry backpack riding motorcycle wearing on field and helmet Man a	Man on motorcycle riding in dry field wearing a helmet and backpack
says ". a that pool young " A into no diving jumping boy	A young boy jumping into a pool that says " no diving ".
climbing group people one while A man rock a belays of	A group of people climbing a rock while one man belays
men playing baseball. Three	Three men playing baseball.
canoe on paddles a man his lake. the	a man paddles his canoe on the lake.
motorcycle red is a and white being a A around racetrack. bend ridden on	A red and white motorcycle is being ridden around a bend on a racetrack.
young A shooting man hoops.	A young man shooting hoops.
stands at water's close edge. couple A the	A couple stands close at the water's edge.
white leaps dog a pink up Frisbee. to grab A	A white dog leaps up to grab a pink Frisbee.
bed. on blonde are a Two playing boys	Two blonde boys are playing on a bed.
professional many in playing stands people while watching men the soccer Three	Three men playing professional soccer while many people in the stands watching
mountain. way climber A his up the makes rock	A rock climber makes his way up the mountain.
raft. life on sit vests in a orange boys Young	Young boys in orange life vests sit on a raft.
tennis A street. catching on yellow and a ball white dog is a	A yellow and white dog is catching a tennis ball on a street.
A in shines dark them a holding and behind drinks green a lights room man while their in woman with faces. bright light	A man and woman in a dark room with lights behind them holding drinks while a bright green light shines in their faces.
is the landing in crane The water. white	The white crane is landing in the water.
sprinkler. playing a big under Kids	Kids playing under a big sprinkler.
a rocky mountain. stands A boy on	A boy stands on a rocky mountain.
a skateboard. blonde A girl stands pink little on	A little blonde girl stands on a pink skateboard.
down with the lady sits her in snow. A belongings	A lady sits down with her belongings in the snow.
pants a towards swinging bat a white the a yellow is and on. shirt red ball whilst in player look people three baseball	a baseball player in a red shirt and white pants is swinging the bat towards a yellow ball whilst three people look on.
motion, The shore. is throwing the a making while standing man on	The man is making a throwing motion, while standing on the shore.
another looks child on. blue man while a child car A a in pushes	A man pushes a child in a blue car while another child looks on.
in the snowboarder is The air.	The snowboarder is in the air.
man wears a red bandanna a	a man wears a red bandanna
in playing to piano green is a is The stand. who next the by jacket music a man woman the	The man in the green jacket is playing the piano next to a woman who is by a music stand.
puppies chickens for food white compete several and Five	Five white puppies and several chickens compete for food
man the water. being as pulled A through hangs is onto he something	A man hangs onto something as he is being pulled through the water.
Brunette teeth. running woman tongue over	Brunette woman running tongue over teeth.
the up turned. A dressed down woman with walks sidewalk her back	A woman dressed up walks down the sidewalk with her back turned.
hats, print red is The other colored. two one and are a men is the tall wearing gold hat	The two men are wearing tall hats, one hat is a red print and the other is gold colored.
checked toddler sitting a chair playing a whilst is on A guitar. red	A toddler is sitting on a red checked chair whilst playing a guitar.
bicycle onto girl the back young of him. A rides while man a a holds	A man rides a bicycle while a young girl holds onto the back of him.
on and grass. white brown dog running A	A brown and white dog running on grass.
with basketball holding a front is hoop. basketball red in man shirt the and of The a is	The man with the red shirt is holding a basketball and is in front of a basketball hoop.
down A man stairs. walking	A man walking down stairs.
a than two taller A is shirts. men giant in orange ball, chased by man, inflatable	A giant inflatable ball, taller than a man, is chased by two men in orange shirts.
wearing with uniforms of holding flags. men gather group hats A	A group of men wearing uniforms with hats gather holding flags.
in the A dog rolling grass.	A dog rolling in the grass.
A around played their group sat of kids and instruments.	A group of kids sat around and played their instruments.
dogs of in front Two on a well. together grass small the stone play	Two dogs play together on the grass in front of a small stone well.
blonde Two other in boys, having shirt the water are blue, and one in a fight. camouflage a	Two blonde boys, one in a camouflage shirt and the other in blue, are having a water fight.
the woman brick a a road. of stamds in middle	a woman stamds in the middle of a brick road.
jeep A stands dry man front in grass. a of gray in a hat in	A man in a hat stands in front of a gray jeep in dry grass.
herself taken snowboarder a photo at sunset. profile has woman A of	A woman snowboarder has a profile photo taken of herself at sunset.
in black on a a shirt Woman bench. sitting red	Woman in a black shirt sitting on a red bench.
A in man yellow grimaces.	A man in yellow grimaces.
holds up the boys other. Two back are one to as back	Two boys are back to back as one holds up the other.
with poles astride a Two mountain climbers ridge. smiling sit	Two smiling climbers with poles sit astride a mountain ridge.
running dogs white Two	Two white dogs running
small into a shorts A red in swimming leaping boy pool.	A small boy in red shorts leaping into a swimming pool.
while man on Tattooed rubs chair his sitting indoors. eye	Tattooed man rubs his eye while sitting on chair indoors.
gray on the mountain with a background. A in rocky man standing clouds	A man standing on a rocky mountain with gray clouds in the background.
the sunset. water with in near stands her woman the air A arms at	A woman stands with her arms in the air near the water at sunset.
in cliff. a Two people canoe float wooded rocky, a past	Two people in a canoe float past a rocky, wooded cliff.
A young a a boy in crank. standing courtyard turning	A young boy standing in a courtyard turning a crank.
an wears headdress. A woman Egytian-like	A woman wears an Egytian-like headdress.
walking a of city. Three park the in right outside people	Three people walking in a park right outside of the city.
white girl is pink The the sand. in jumping wearing shirt shorts and the and	The girl wearing the pink and white shirt and shorts is jumping in the sand.
man A masked a burn helps flag.	A masked man helps burn a flag.
small shirt blue front is group child a standing a of in A tires. in of	A small child in a blue shirt is standing in front of a group of tires.
skate male skateboarding a young Two watch at park. another males	Two young males watch another male skateboarding at a skate park.
A while another tackles playing man football. man	A man tackles another man while playing football.
sits lipstick a at curly wearing has red and table. hair woman is A who	A woman who is wearing red lipstick and has curly hair sits at a table.
by person of Baby water, shot. of in hands out held	Baby in water, held by hands of person out of shot.
snow. filled is with mountaintop The	The mountaintop is filled with snow.
him. water while male over his shirtless looks flows right to A	A shirtless male looks to his right while water flows over him.
pink girl a with playing Little ball. with hat soccer	Little girl with pink hat playing with a soccer ball.
water running stick with a its dog is red mouth in A in	A dog is running in water with a red stick in its mouth
walking a at in a holding Girl sunset lake net and	Girl holding a net and walking in a lake at sunset
guard beside security A orange a advertisement. standing bright	A security guard standing beside a bright orange advertisement.
lying on holds a while woman A a couch baby	A woman holds a baby while lying on a couch
These are helmeted outdoors. climbing rock people	These helmeted people are rock climbing outdoors.
wall. rock climbs A child a	A child climbs a rock wall.
white on has peach and bracelet the a her arm girl The girl in the in shirt. shirt has around the	The girl in the white shirt has a bracelet on and has her arm around the girl in the peach shirt.
in with the kids air their hands Little	Little kids with their hands in the air
wearing snowboarder A in jacket midair. orange an	A snowboarder wearing an orange jacket in midair.
run A stick in a large small carrying dog dog mouth its and outside. a	A small dog and a large dog carrying a stick in its mouth run outside.
are pool. in outdoor swimming playing an Two children	Two children are playing in an outdoor swimming pool.
white reading. The person the on and white wearing sheet the bench sits hoodie	The person wearing the white sheet and white hoodie sits on the bench reading.
being on man motorcycle wheelie watched people. of a a group is a by pulling A whilst	A man is pulling a wheelie on a motorcycle whilst being watched by a group of people.
a sit make and outside people table wall against a at faces. Two	Two people sit at a table outside against a wall and make faces.
person person another rock a helping climbing the on large a ground with	a person climbing a large rock with another person on the ground helping
men Five young playing rugby.	Five young men playing rugby.
ringing the doorbell. is A dressed that is Spiderman as child	A child that is dressed as Spiderman is ringing the doorbell.
staffordshire black has a branch paw white and large on his terrier	a black and white staffordshire terrier has his paw on large branch
shorts hit a up colourful volleyball. to A reaching man in	A man in colourful shorts reaching up to hit a volleyball.
are dogs Two German Sheppard fighting.	Two German Sheppard dogs are fighting.
is A snowy mountain. big, overlooking a man	A man is overlooking a big, snowy mountain.
A fuzzy tricycle. a child a in blue hat on	A child in a fuzzy blue hat on a tricycle.
going course. slalom a is down snow skier A	A snow skier is going down a slalom course.
A man windsurfing.	A man windsurfing.
man Dog in background. area desert distant with in	Dog in desert area with distant man in background.
boy police and and a sit for young camera. smile woman the motorcycle A on a	A woman and a young boy sit on a police motorcycle and smile for the camera.
the jersey ball player basketball holds A high. a in blue	A basketball player in a blue jersey holds the ball high.
leaps dog black A water. in the	A black dog leaps in the water.
the grass a boy blue in in A round a jeans shirt purple a toy handle. with holding and standing is	A boy in a purple shirt and blue jeans is standing in the grass holding a round toy with a handle.
a young structure. smiling girl plastic A play in	A young girl smiling in a plastic play structure.
in bouncing a A and child bounce. play	A child bouncing in a play and bounce.
station. in children in toy front a gas Two a car, of	Two children in a toy car, in front of a gas station.
to him the helmet his a next kneels. player white and swing player wearing orange The football leg while chairs	The football player wearing a white helmet and orange chairs swing his leg while the player next to him kneels.
surfboard ocean. falling a the blue off in Man	Man falling off a blue surfboard in the ocean.
rides a along bicycle woman street. a elderly An city	An elderly woman rides a bicycle along a city street.
to football player who the another One running. ball get from football attempts player is	One football player attempts to get the ball from another football player who is running.
Man jumping outdoor for event. perform Frisbee act dog and crowd at	Man and jumping dog perform Frisbee act for crowd at outdoor event.
on posters them. with cellphones, women Two behind talking	Two women talking on cellphones, with posters behind them.
is dog sprayed water. with A being	A dog is being sprayed with water.
lawn water on some dog shaking off tan A a	A tan dog shaking off some water on a lawn
is A a against very fit man leaning tree.	A very fit man is leaning against a tree.
making The is the looking run him. football clutching touchdown while and for boy a behind a	The boy is clutching the football and making a run for a touchdown while looking behind him.
young chain a is fence. girl climbing The link	The young girl is climbing a chain link fence.
building smoke. stand Firemen burning a outside of lots with	Firemen stand outside a burning building with lots of smoke.
shirt up a wearing man in tie button smiling and A mask. is a	A man in a button up shirt and tie is wearing a smiling mask.
playing. Two are dogs	Two dogs are playing.
nearly A feet in in with his the brown touches hands air. boy his	A boy in brown nearly touches his feet with his hands in the air.
top rocks dog a standing The next taking the is man to on of a photograph.	The dog is standing on top of the rocks next to a man taking a photograph.
woolen on man his has of hat. The a top poof	The man has a poof on top of his woolen hat.
in a parking man performs A a lot. skateboard trick	A man performs a skateboard trick in a parking lot.
up underwater. coming in is A young pool swimming being after for girl air a	A young girl in a swimming pool is coming up for air after being underwater.
a Two enjoy at boys ride amusement park. an	Two boys enjoy a ride at an amusement park.
A sits a girl blue person's carries sweater a shoulders in and a on pinwheel.	A girl in a blue sweater sits on a person's shoulders and carries a pinwheel.
holding A a in leash. on standing goat a girl blond a crowd	A blond girl standing in a crowd holding a goat on a leash.
water that water park. large rings A under young stands three girl a shoot in	A young girl stands under three large rings that shoot water in a water park.
while them. behind in Two dogs barking the white and waves on roll brown shoreline	Two white and brown dogs barking on the shoreline while waves roll in behind them.
boy large shirt Little across crawls near with glass windows. blue vents	Little boy with blue shirt crawls across vents near large glass windows.
seen through with windows. plane spinning on pilot Small propeller ground,	Small plane with spinning propeller on ground, pilot seen through windows.
brown the his in A snow. dog down face has	A brown dog has his face down in the snow.
dear A jumps the fence.	A dear jumps the fence.
orange dogs for toy. On two brown tussle grass,	On grass, two brown dogs tussle for orange toy.
boy A a glove strange on. has a and bracelet spiked	A boy has a spiked bracelet and a strange glove on.
standing are The on two deep water. legs back their near reptiles	The two reptiles are standing on their back legs near deep water.
A bald to a in brick stands shirt a next blue building. man polo	A bald man in a blue polo shirt stands next to a brick building.
dark A on walking green at while looking grass. bubbles dog is brown	A dark brown dog is looking at bubbles while walking on green grass.
in red snow. man skiing is wearing coat A a the	A man wearing a red coat is skiing in the snow.
stand on a small slightly older girl blue lake. and A boy the a of shore	A boy and a slightly older girl stand on the shore of a small blue lake.
female the martial kicking another in A artist face female martial artist	A female martial artist kicking another female martial artist in the face
watch. other person large people a rock as hangs off A	A person hangs off a large rock as other people watch.
dogs Two with play the beach. a on man	Two dogs play with a man on the beach.
sitting a to woman at. is being down pointed meal A have	A woman sitting down to have a meal is being pointed at.
A bicycle, man doing trick. wheel stands his on a front the of	A man stands on the front wheel of his bicycle, doing a trick.
the running through dogs Some park.	Some dogs running through the park.
Three bar stand men a with at drinks.	Three men stand at a bar with drinks.
joy of This dance of mountain. a the top hiker does on	This hiker does a dance of joy on top of the mountain.
to climb is starting rock. the The t-shirt white in man a	The man in the white t-shirt is starting to climb a rock.
the a bathing is suit wearing young A her. girl behind ocean and is	A young girl is wearing a bathing suit and the ocean is behind her.
extends are area a over ocean. posing Seven watery that structure and over a people	Seven people are posing over a structure that extends over a watery area and ocean.
children of pool A a shallow water. group of in standing	A group of children standing in a shallow pool of water.
a long dress in road. A a is along white walking straight woman	A woman in a white dress is walking along a long straight road.
on white through posts course. obstacle The running dog white is an	The white dog is running through white posts on an obstacle course.
swings blue at jacket a A a wearing boy white bat ball. a	A boy wearing a blue jacket swings a bat at a white ball.
hat is playground a wall. with pink A girl climbing a	A girl with a pink hat is climbing a playground wall.
Two large run sand. the dogs in	Two large dogs run in the sand.
swimming the A kicking ball at a trunks beach. in man	A man in swimming trunks kicking a ball at the beach.
concrete pants running dressed same blue running man and in shirt men a white camo A surface the him. and with other behind on a	A man in camo pants and a blue and white shirt running on a concrete surface with other men dressed the same running behind him.
brown about dog to a in a man a grass to the ball throw tennis	a man about to throw a tennis ball to a brown dog in the grass
team teammate soccer ball. reach lifts of players A the one he so that can	A team of soccer players lifts one teammate so that he can reach the ball.
in spotlight. bald in is a guitar band playing A man the	A bald man in a band is playing guitar in the spotlight.
black child a foam covered in on ramp. inflatable A climbing is	A child covered in foam is climbing on a black inflatable ramp.
are hill. little a on cement Six girls sitting	Six little girls are sitting on a cement hill.
a Mark tank a holding top that up wearing A introduces man Finley. sign	A man wearing a tank top holding up a sign that introduces Mark Finley.
BMX EASTPAK watching on banner. sitting man front the A in of bicycle, with 4 an in people a him air	A man in the air on a BMX bicycle, with 4 people sitting watching him in front of an EASTPAK banner.
another skates blue vest A red on a touching ice person the in person. is	A person in a red vest is touching the blue ice skates on another person.
crowd front paint. walks in A nude lady a body in of	A nude lady walks in front of a crowd in body paint.
Singer performing. guitarist and	Singer and guitarist performing.
dog a the of near water. sniffing body ground A black	A black dog sniffing the ground near a body of water.
a in running A towards blue agility contest and is brown dog an tube.	A brown dog is in an agility contest and running towards a blue tube.
snow-covered a in gray A terrier field. runs	A gray terrier runs in a snow-covered field.
game. playing a Football players football	Football players playing a football game.
toy. bite to prepares dog A a yellow dog	A dog prepares to bite a yellow dog toy.
through runs boy grass. smiling the A	A smiling boy runs through the grass.
men park amusement in an of ride standing front Two	Two men standing in front of an amusement park ride
together men hats wearing stand and smile. Two	Two men wearing hats stand together and smile.
people it. the with beside beautiful two walking road waterfall on A	A beautiful waterfall with two people walking on the road beside it.
a jacket skiing wearing down skier a and hill. helmet blue A is	A skier wearing a blue jacket and helmet is skiing down a hill.
the dog a running muzzle is grass. on with white A	A white dog with a muzzle is running on the grass.
bag is only child tote sitting eyes its hair a and out. in green poking A with	A child is sitting in a green tote bag with only its eyes and hair poking out.
costumes magenta Two performing. in men	Two men in magenta costumes performing.
bikini shirt. A striped in female man a a walking towards string a wearing	A female walking wearing a string bikini towards a man in a striped shirt.
birthday cake. a coat in girl a with A winter	A girl in a winter coat with a birthday cake.
black dog A a its long with through toy running colorful mouth. grass is in	A black dog is running through long grass with a colorful toy in its mouth.
a wearing in A tree. back boy shorts doing blue is under the flip air a	A boy wearing blue shorts is doing a back flip in the air under a tree.
birds are on There the boy	There are birds on the boy
walking Two are along talking. the and street girls	Two girls are walking along the street and talking.
children play area rural Group of in	Group of children play in rural area
orange girl a candle. A lights in	A girl in orange lights a candle.
with white through beside girl running field brown and is running dog a A a dog her.	A girl is running through a field with a brown dog and white dog running beside her.
snow. people The in skis are two walking the carrying	The two people carrying skis are walking in the snow.
follows. A while young little another boy boy eats chips	A young boy eats chips while another little boy follows.
she A swing. for joy as on the shouts swings girl little	A little girl shouts for joy as she swings on the swing.
A shirt and playing blue is shirts boy in a tennis. white	A boy in a white shirt and blue shirts is playing tennis.
swimmer on of A a sitting edge shot a others. of in young close front pool of the	A close shot of a young swimmer sitting on the edge of a pool in front of others.
Two arm and dresswear around have are men one in each each formal other	Two men each have one arm around each other and are in formal dresswear
group fair. at stand the people A a at gather of	A group of people gather at a stand at the fair.
running people couple on beach. the shore near of the a	a couple of people running on the shore near the beach.
An a looking she in her a has elder book woman is hat hands. through scarf and in	An elder woman in a hat and scarf is looking through a book she has in her hands.
on a to the is jumping kneeling woman dock ball that water. a dog a A in throws	A woman kneeling on a dock throws a ball to a dog that is jumping in the water.
water. A in brown standing dog	A brown dog standing in water.
cake jacket birthday with many candles. A girl a hood a holds in	A girl in a hood jacket holds a birthday cake with many candles.
A off swing. shirt jumps girl wearing a a little pink	A little girl wearing a pink shirt jumps off a swing.
the is player blue. in ball player keeping orange in basketball A from a	A basketball player in orange is keeping the ball from a player in blue.
boogie-board through young ocean his A rides spray. boy the	A young boy rides his boogie-board through the ocean spray.
city together crowd dressed renaissance street. A large gathers a in attire in	A large crowd dressed in renaissance attire gathers together in a city street.
of and paddle a sticks of group raft A kids made rope.	A group of kids paddle a raft made of sticks and rope.
bike A boy dragon costume. his young a wearing sits on	A young boy sits on his bike wearing a dragon costume.
uniform an pitching orange game. during is in baseball young a a boy A	A young boy in an orange uniform is pitching a baseball during a game.
a baseball hits batter	batter hits a baseball
high. back A swings toddler very	A toddler swings back very high.
is ring. to wrestler ready A on jump outside wrestler another the	A wrestler is ready to jump on another wrestler outside the ring.
dogs snow. Three the in	Three dogs in the snow.
a stripe with boy riding his a skateboard. and the pants on helmet a a There side is down of	There is a boy with a helmet and a stripe down the side of his pants riding on a skateboard.
at beach. a children playing in the Four sand	Four children playing in the sand at a beach.
mountain a slope. heights on great takes to skier A snow-covered	A skier takes to great heights on a snow-covered mountain slope.
tree on low a park. in a man A young is climbing branch	A young man is climbing on a low tree branch in a park.
a snowboarder a jacket A slides down in mountain. red snowy	A snowboarder in a red jacket slides down a snowy mountain.
basketball males, and in one a playing white Two game. one in red	Two males, one in red and one in white playing a basketball game.
muzzled mud. bar A metal splashes the jumps animal through over and a	A muzzled animal jumps over a metal bar and splashes through the mud.
; over two leaps tries one the the to. are dogs There other fence and	There are two dogs ; one leaps over the fence and the other tries to.
of a stand A dogs, chickens group and bucket. a turkey by	A group of dogs, chickens and a turkey stand by a bucket.
in jungle-gym makeshift of from made a A a jumps tires. boy helmet	A boy in a helmet jumps from a makeshift jungle-gym made of tires.
city down warm hat. a street and biking a person in A gloves	A person biking down a city street in gloves and a warm hat.
bends down the wearing boy beach. A wings water at blond	A blond boy wearing water wings bends down at the beach.
held of crowd a being flag a The is in country	The flag of a country is being held in a crowd
river. Two in a rafts overturn	Two rafts overturn in a river.
the snowboarder a slope. red down rides in	a snowboarder in red rides down the slope.
is to next The on wall concrete scooter. short a sitting a woman	The woman is sitting on a short concrete wall next to a scooter.
body holding A position. in the person air onto a bicycle in flight his is with	A person is holding onto a bicycle in the air with his body in flight position.
pants of a cliff. in A side the scaling man	A man in pants scaling the side of a cliff.
catching blue grass is of yard ball its on A dog a red black a mouth. and in	A black dog on a yard of grass is catching a blue and red ball in its mouth.
jeans. a dog wears	a dog wears jeans.
sky toward and the A jumper sea earth. falls the	A sky jumper falls toward the sea and the earth.
bird A in long landing legged is water. white the	A long legged white bird is landing in the water.
on the the A sits her. a porch swing yard sits lady ground on a girl in while by	A lady sits on a porch swing in the yard while a girl sits on the ground by her.
game. gets holds for the player and baseball ready his A bat	A baseball player holds his bat and gets ready for the game.
road. unpaved down carry Two their people an bags	Two people carry their bags down an unpaved road.
a the front at in goal goalie stands hockey game. A of	A goalie stands in front of the goal at a hockey game.
of in man patterened a wearing floral young standing front striped a shirt blue couch a	a young man wearing a blue striped shirt standing in front of a floral patterened couch
of Jackson smiling Michael a picture holding a girl	a girl holding a picture of Michael Jackson smiling
in gathers family a living room. the	a family gathers in the living room.
uniforms A singing front in of business. red a in choir	A choir in red uniforms singing in front of a business.
carnival People indoor as large animals game with featuring a an at prizes. stuffed	People at an indoor carnival featuring a game with large stuffed animals as prizes.
snow. School the racing kids in	School kids racing in the snow.
stick goalie a net front in kneeling with a boy of A	A boy with a stick kneeling in front of a goalie net
of a A forest tall through trees. skis person	A person skis through a forest of tall trees.
show black a observes. crowd Man horse as leads	Man leads a black show horse as crowd observes.
is that closeout tall a woman in and men store front standing a of having short Two a	Two tall men and a short woman standing in front of a store that is having a closeout
down A goes snowboarder ramp. a	A snowboarder goes down a ramp.
boy young room. A is of making a caught mess his	A young boy is caught making a mess of his room.
mountain riding while lands in A the on jump bike forest. after boy a a	A boy on a mountain bike lands after a jump while riding in the forest.
picture is a The going from take open window. to man the	The man is going to take a picture from the open window.
looking the arm posing a looking at away. is camera his for A a woman is with photo around man who	A man is looking at the camera posing for a photo with his arm around a woman who is looking away.
young holding of other adults front door. in each a Two	Two young adults holding each other in front of a door.
the running The dog through grassy area. furry is brown	The furry brown dog is running through the grassy area.
head. over has A someone pulled their shirt in white else's girl purple is a shirt	A girl in a purple shirt is has pulled someone else's white shirt over their head.
puddle. Two a in boys play	Two boys play in a puddle.
pile a into girl of leaves. is jumping A	A girl is jumping into a pile of leaves.
a pool. leaping Three swimming boys into	Three boys leaping into a swimming pool.
in ball. an Spring " uniform, " ball the Hill boy A team pitching orange	A boy in an orange " Spring Hill " ball team uniform, pitching the ball.
a near after in A is snowboarder some jump air trees. making the	A snowboarder is in the air after making a jump near some trees.
front A man of in skyscraper. stands a	A man stands in front of a skyscraper.
is outfit boy a red A jumping. in little	A little boy in a red outfit is jumping.
together. A black brown dog close and a dog	A black dog and a brown dog close together.
a at and boy water shooting rocket men A the off two beach.	A boy and two men shooting off a water rocket at the beach.
black grass. green Two on the dogs wrestle	Two black dogs wrestle on the green grass.
full in with the a table car prepare Three a background. police people of food	Three people prepare a table full of food with a police car in the background.
being a attacked German man by Shepherd. is A	A man is being attacked by a German Shepherd.
water. is the biting stick a A and in white onto black dog	A black and white dog is biting onto a stick in the water.
the through grey the background. with is dog in water jumping grass The	The grey dog is jumping through the grass with water in the background.
beagle grey is A stairs. climbing some through	A beagle is climbing through some grey stairs.
off a a box flip back A doing man	A man doing a back flip off a box
graffiti car. nearby A wall serves as defaced a gathering few a the of people	A graffiti defaced wall serves as the gathering of a few people nearby a car.
girls blue on Several playing young covering. with trampoline a a	Several young girls playing on a trampoline with a blue covering.
a boy A rides horse.	A boy rides a horse.
is slide man holding of child the a sunglasses top at in a a	a man in sunglasses is holding a child at the top of a slide
play in each other dogs dirt. with Two the	Two dogs play with each other in the dirt.
is a people. presentation front A of of a in giving lot man	A man is giving a presentation in front of a lot of people.
dog A is along black the running quickly ground.	A black dog is running quickly along the ground.
green brown wearing a hair An asian with jacket. woman	An asian woman with brown hair wearing a green jacket.
park at is Girl swing. playing on a	Girl is playing at park on a swing.
grass. is dog a on the running white brown and	a brown and white dog is running on the grass.
short A over walking barren is a black dog landscape.	A short black dog is walking over a barren landscape.
Someone snow. pants on ramp in the over yellow is a	Someone in yellow pants is on a ramp over the snow.
snow falling. dog stands bench on while a is A	A dog stands on a bench while snow is falling.
wrestler competiting sumo woman Two competiton. mock in a	Two woman competiting in a mock sumo wrestler competiton.
sand. are a sliding Four down mountain kids of	Four kids are sliding down a mountain of sand.
emerges dog its the sand, A mouth. a in from water onto white holding object the black	A black dog emerges from the water onto the sand, holding a white object in its mouth.
Man on a carrying a tool sidewalk box	Man carrying a tool box on a sidewalk
the sunset. watching two elbow the people ocean, deep stand in	two people stand elbow deep in the ocean, watching the sunset.
near rocks. walking in the Large large sand furry dog	Large furry dog walking in the sand near large rocks.
A on beach an dragging a dog item	A dog on a beach dragging an item
injured help on the field. Two player men an	Two men help an injured player on the field.
sit a Three people in waiting lobby.	Three people sit waiting in a lobby.
against her. with A wall a belongings beside sits her white girl	A girl sits against a white wall with her belongings beside her.
running towards with are Five dogs white muzzles the camera.	Five white dogs with muzzles are running towards the camera.
sprays man. a image man sand of	man sprays sand image of a man.
boards. a on woman walks	a woman walks on boards.
man A runs in a in by followed girl jeans. a dress	A girl in a dress runs followed by a man in jeans.
everyday Average, facility. walk a by people	Average, everyday people walk by a facility.
wall. a Two rock a in near tent people	Two people in a tent near a rock wall.
playing a piano table street a man with next is decorated a in the a ponytail to A with red cloth.	A man with a ponytail is playing a decorated piano in the street next to a table with a red cloth.
shirt. in woman a front shirt A man in a a of purple yellow in	A man in a purple shirt in front of a woman in a yellow shirt.
a sleeveless up curled in a A shirt red man front in door. of	A man in a red sleeveless shirt curled up in front of a door.
during a soccer A player ball match, watches. ready the red as uniform crowd gets to kick in the a	A player in a red uniform gets ready to kick the ball during a soccer match, as the crowd watches.
dog beach. sand a in walks grey at colored wet A	A grey colored dog walks in wet sand at a beach.
a a front signs of street interact large construction Two truck. workers on holding in	Two construction workers holding signs interact on a street in front of a large truck.
taking a sweatshirt in A blue picture a man	A man in a blue sweatshirt taking a picture
the sits talking Woman on cellphone. on curb a	Woman sits on the curb talking on a cellphone.
with man mountains A mountain the ledge on skies in standing a the background. a blue of	A man standing on the ledge of a mountain with mountains a blue skies in the background.
ball dogs a field. run in after Three a	Three dogs run after a ball in a field.
his on male surfer is and A wave. stomach a riding	A male surfer is on his stomach and riding a wave.
water. in together children are Three playing some	Three children are playing together in some water.
A leash. on brown on tri-colored a is jumping on small bigger dog dog a and a leash black	A small black and brown dog on a leash is jumping on a bigger tri-colored dog on a leash.
taking Crow and of people pictures clapping.	Crow of people taking pictures and clapping.
walk of in bus cross women road. Two front to a the	Two women walk in front of a bus to cross the road.
surfer A wave. roiling a on	A surfer on a roiling wave.
beside lake. a making fish man a handling foul a A face while	A man making a foul face while handling a fish beside a lake.
dog its a wooded dog stands watches. while on another in hind legs area A	A dog stands on its hind legs in a wooded area while another dog watches.
a arrow and jeans Boy on hay bale. aiming toward wearing bow target	Boy wearing jeans aiming bow and arrow toward target on a hay bale.
spreads the duck water. in while wings white A its	A white duck spreads its wings while in the water.
backyard. Two in a girls trampoline on are jumping the	Two girls are jumping on the trampoline in a backyard.
he hills with air background. boy through A as river helmeted a in a flies dirt the bike among rides the on	A helmeted boy on a bike flies through the air as he rides among dirt hills with a river in the background.
with watch. striding black while a leashed in background dressed a white people outside A in grassy woman on dog the black and is lawn	A woman dressed in black is striding outside on a grassy lawn with a leashed black and white dog while people in the background watch.
man down A glasses smiles. and looks wearing	A man wearing glasses looks down and smiles.
horse. on girl a A standing fence a pink dressed is and looking all at young in	A young girl dressed all in pink is standing on a fence and looking at a horse.
his jumping rail a A on boy bicycle. is	A boy is jumping a rail on his bicycle.
down bike street crowd riding a a woman A a young of people. past	A young woman riding a bike down a street past a crowd of people.
a dish PitBull its plaid holding in mouth. towel	PitBull holding a plaid dish towel in its mouth.
on a are Many birds concrete sitting wall.	Many birds are sitting on a concrete wall.
is back grass. A while on jumping its up legs standing dog on the black	A black dog is jumping up on its back legs while standing on the grass.
tan dog A into water. jumps	A tan dog jumps into water.
swims water. dog A through deep	A dog swims through deep water.
Frog A children group called Hopper ". the " of in ride	A group of children in the ride called " Frog Hopper ".
on background. in hill in Boy forward sand, jumping red	Boy in red jumping forward on sand, hill in background.
bicycles Two ride a people over racetrack. bumpy	Two people ride bicycles over a bumpy racetrack.
black running. A and are dog a brown	A brown and a black dog are running.
red side. a on a the either middle laugh, with tie, red kids Three a in jacket and boy girl	Three kids laugh, a girl in the middle with a red jacket and red tie, a boy on either side.
boy a his with The karate leaps kick. of bed	The boy leaps of his bed with a karate kick.
black running is The grass. on dog the	The black dog is running on the grass.
outfits. marching in Some green and white band members	Some marching band members in green and white outfits.
the an african holding creams. of man eating is two are in ice hands jeans blue that boys	an african man in blue jeans is holding the hands of two boys that are eating ice creams.
on feet bike handlebars. blue riding helmet Boy in with	Boy in blue helmet riding bike with feet on handlebars.
in some A white dog jumping cat tails. is	A white dog is jumping in some cat tails.
Couple the stone by overlooking ocean. sitting on chairs wall a	Couple sitting on chairs by a stone wall overlooking the ocean.
on a sledder full a slope. gets face of snow A	A sledder gets a face full of snow on a slope.
another peeks cheeks of two woman her A of arms over on her side head. the pose her either men man while with on	A woman with her arms on the cheeks of two men on either side of her pose while another man peeks over her head.
brown running a in dog grass. A	A brown dog running in a grass.
red costume near man stands wearing a A others.	A man wearing a red costume stands near others.
hazmat stretcher men in on surrounded is a man a suits. by There	There is a man on a stretcher surrounded by men in hazmat suits.
together is in the dogs harness of standing in snow. A group sled	A group of sled dogs in harness is standing together in the snow.
talking front The man store. is in a of sports his cellphone on	The man is talking on his cellphone in front of a sports store.
necked long swimming. A of pair birds	A pair of long necked birds swimming.
canoes. Two in men rowing	Two men rowing in canoes.
blue blue young sits umbrellas. front a of group shirt a white man in A of in and	A young man in a blue shirt sits in front of a group of blue and white umbrellas.
on a a rock filled overlooking couple with trees sitting a valley	a couple sitting on a rock overlooking a valley filled with trees
in standing dogs fence. blue next snow Three to a	Three dogs standing in snow next to a blue fence.
a jacket the snow. in A a red red child on sitting in disk	A child in a red jacket sitting on a red disk in the snow.
The her on bug has a glasses pointer right girl with on finger.	The girl with glasses on has a bug on her right pointer finger.
a march. at is protest a man speaking in podium suit There at a	There is a man in suit speaking at a podium at a protest march.
in ball basketball air people playing,	people playing, basketball ball in air
woman rope a is crossing A bridge.	A woman is crossing a rope bridge.
grassy of A front on a field mountains. man in on horseback	A man on horseback on a grassy field in front of mountains.
jumping into swimming and pool. a are A children three woman	A woman and three children are jumping into a swimming pool.
A kayaker fights the rapids.	A kayaker fights the rapids.
ground dog a casting large shadow. across A a barren runs	A dog runs across a barren ground casting a large shadow.
midair. in ride belted A person bungee-jumping into a	A person belted into a bungee-jumping ride in midair.
in Two grass girls little wearing the sitting sunglasses.	Two little girls sitting in the grass wearing sunglasses.
A has man dreadlocks.	A man has dreadlocks.
outside. A high jumps while dog	A dog jumps high while outside.
outdoor a space. a dog black open brown dog facing in is an	a black dog is facing a brown dog in an open outdoor space.
walking an a coat man towards and shopping in A dressed is carrying hat bomber brown bags and intersection.	A man dressed in a brown coat and bomber hat is carrying shopping bags and walking towards an intersection.
a player racquet is a male tennis with holding headband a blue	a male tennis player with a blue headband is holding a racquet
canoe in fronds. in with a wetland a blue man tall navigates palm A	A man in a blue canoe navigates in a wetland with tall palm fronds.
balloon. smile white a brunette boy faces for the on girl A and drawing while camera	A brunette boy and girl smile for the camera while drawing faces on a white balloon.
their to with camera. girls holding the umbrellas Three backs	Three girls holding umbrellas with their backs to the camera.
holding soda boy a waterfall a can in a	a boy holding a soda can in a waterfall
two There beach dogs on running are the outside.	There are two dogs running on the beach outside.
Several players a road. the of on playing hockey game outside	Several players playing a game of hockey outside on the road.
mountain Extreme biking. downhill	Extreme downhill mountain biking.
on in girl A standing head. her is dress a pink	A girl in a pink dress is standing on her head.
clack down curly dog running a path. A natural is	A curly clack dog is running down a natural path.
a child a sidewalk. a The with on small scooter helmet rides red	The small child with a red helmet rides a scooter on a sidewalk.
surfboard stands in water. on shallow man shorts blue in A a	A man in blue shorts stands on a surfboard in shallow water.
shaggy outside, with clothes waiting Two are young hair and warm backpacks. men wearing	Two young men with shaggy hair are waiting outside, wearing warm clothes and backpacks.
pool tube Two two rafts. a in boys with	Two boys in a pool with two tube rafts.
couple table. A across a holding hands	A couple holding hands across a table.
Young beach. walking along boy the	Young boy walking along the beach.
a A ramp. in his boy green dark up t-shirt pants and rides bike	A boy in dark pants and green t-shirt rides his bike up a ramp.
on together sit out and ocean. at look the pier Two the people	Two people sit on the pier together and look out at the ocean.
girl wearing through shirt door. young open walks A a pink an	A young girl wearing a pink shirt walks through an open door.
of Dogs edge water. near the	Dogs near the edge of water.
player. try men rugby muddy muddy third to tackle Two	Two muddy men try to tackle third muddy rugby player.
trampoline. doing trick is A her on girl a	A girl is doing a trick on her trampoline.
overalls man standing working on while is in the boy stone is a a little wall. street A on	A little boy is standing on the street while a man in overalls is working on a stone wall.
Two mountain. rest hikers snow-covered on a	Two hikers rest on a snow-covered mountain.
Two are dogs kitchen. waiting to fed the in be	Two dogs are waiting to be fed in the kitchen.
A in black water. dog splashes the	A black dog splashes in the water.
down A slides skateboard a a ramp. stair man	A man slides a skateboard down a stair ramp.
A tissue bus. on riding a looks sad city man holding who a	A man who looks sad holding a tissue riding on a city bus.
in area. dog black road and with Brown red white rural on jacket run and	Brown and black dog with red and white jacket run on road in rural area.
A in man parking night. does a at skateboard tricks lot	A man does skateboard tricks in a parking lot at night.
man A a onstage. guitar wearing while pants plays	A man wearing pants plays a guitar while onstage.
bench a Family beach. near sitting the on	Family sitting on a bench near the beach.
behind into water in from jumping girls swimsuits	girls in swimsuits jumping into water from behind
The into the jumping boy is large pool.	The boy is jumping into the large pool.
a something A white to throws catch. for dog child	A child throws something for a white dog to catch.
and a A of hardhat red man a in front orange is jacket ladder. standing wearing	A man is wearing a hardhat and orange jacket standing in front of a red ladder.
surfing black blue Guy in and wetsuit	Guy in black and blue wetsuit surfing
a Two mirrored camera, reach and a women, ball. with touch one out	Two women, one with a camera, reach out and touch a mirrored ball.
board flight jumps a his A skateboarder of down stairs.	A skateboarder jumps his board down a flight of stairs.
in pool. red swimming A in a suit is bathing girl young a	A young girl in a red bathing suit is swimming in a pool.
in sit blue. restaurant lit Diners tables in a crowded at	Diners sit at tables in a crowded restaurant lit in blue.
is man his surfboard hand. out to heading A in with see	A man is heading out to see with his surfboard in hand.
of a A door hat wearing a her a tent snowy on and the pokes glasses through day. woman head	A woman wearing glasses and a hat pokes her head through the door of a tent on a snowy day.
girl A splashing around boy and are ocean. the in	A boy and girl are splashing around in the ocean.
a stands outside. girl brown A with dog	A girl stands with a brown dog outside.
carving with A chainsaw statue a into man man. is of a wood a	A man with a chainsaw is carving wood into a statue of a man.
on woman a her stands hands in her hips. green with	a woman in green stands with her hands on her hips.
girl snow snowsuit in A out cave. a of a peeks	A girl in a snowsuit peeks out of a snow cave.
with a running green is on A dog muzzle blue brown grass.	A brown dog with a blue muzzle is running on green grass.
the two for jump basketball. men	two men jump for the basketball.
of orange man t-shirt. the kisses cheek A an in woman a	A woman kisses the cheek of a man in an orange t-shirt.
A small on in the colorful toy jumps street. a child	A small child jumps on a colorful toy in the street.
railing lot. Boy skating parking a a in on	Boy skating on a railing in a parking lot.
hair brown with Woman brown and eyes shirt. wearing green a	Woman with brown hair and brown eyes wearing a green shirt.
The ladies are near riding bicycles the beach. two	The two ladies are riding bicycles near the beach.
dog water. the into running A	A dog running into the water.
look finger while The is ladies pointing his on. down two man	The man is pointing his finger down while two ladies look on.
women look camera A a with as footage shoots man on. two	A man shoots footage with a camera as two women look on.
grassy a A a building. person in near lies area	A person lies in a grassy area near a building.
his arm. ball A boy walks with tucked under a	A boy walks with a ball tucked under his arm.
person feathers sequins. clothing dressed being in and A with	A person being dressed in clothing with feathers and sequins.
to hang on Children wall next a water.	Children hang on a wall next to water.
some browses A woman ornaments. through	A woman browses through some ornaments.
a at merry-go-round A playground. a spins girl	A girl spins a merry-go-round at a playground.
boy on and crying holding kissing a cheek. A little man the	A man holding and kissing a crying little boy on the cheek.
A motorbike a man racing on	A man racing on a motorbike
Two photo. statue a deer on for sitting a children	Two children sitting on a deer statue for a photo.
crashing while A surfer rides follows another the behind. waves	A surfer rides the crashing waves while another follows behind.
two jumps into A in people. red join boy swimsuit the a to water	A boy in a red swimsuit jumps into the water to join two people.
track. a run uniform in along Men	Men in uniform run along a track.
diver The scuba underwater. is	The scuba diver is underwater.
a at looking small inside and a is young A creature kneeling case. child glass	A young child is kneeling and looking at a small creature inside a glass case.
dog a brown A mouth. runs in with toy its	A brown dog runs with a toy in its mouth.
beach. girl a white A the in dress on	A girl in a white dress on the beach.
man on a rock. top the of A is standing	A man is standing on the top of a rock.
man a is outside near walking rocky The river.	The man is walking outside near a rocky river.
shirt in a on colorful a a black man sofa room in smokes Young	Young man in a black shirt smokes on a sofa in a colorful room
brown dog beach. a run a dog on and tan A	A brown dog and a tan dog run on a beach.
is tumbling next person ground One shoes another the on with person his to off.	One person is tumbling on the ground next to another person with his shoes off.
glass a are man stained past a and window walking woman a	a man and a woman are walking past a stained glass window
playground on blue The equipment standing the is boy the triangle. in	The boy is standing on the playground equipment in the blue triangle.
is a the A snow. dog in with football playing	A dog is playing with a football in the snow.
splashing water forest. SUV in muddy a	SUV splashing muddy water in a forest.
field. a and dogs in 2 interact white dogs snowy one Two black with another	Two black dogs and 2 white dogs interact with one another in a snowy field.
Two constructions a taking on workers break. beam sit a	Two constructions workers sit on a beam taking a break.
young man t-shirt. Obama A an touts	A young man touts an Obama t-shirt.
wearing wigs. A and young while hug woman man	A young man and woman hug while wearing wigs.
A group at buildings. people are of looking the	A group of people are looking at the buildings.
dogs in grass. Two running the	Two dogs running in the grass.
a butterfly doing is black goggles and the a swimmer stroke. hat wearing	a swimmer wearing a black hat and goggles is doing the butterfly stroke.
standing of yellow in A man front a building	A man standing in front of a yellow building
a in clothes table. A points child something medieval on at	A child in medieval clothes points at something on a table.
trunks swimming man ocean's the waves. A in plays in	A man in swimming trunks plays in the ocean's waves.
a the skate A young takes spin park. inline in skater	A young inline skater takes a spin in the skate park.
in hat a is white blue and shirt riding person The the horse. blue	The person in the blue shirt and blue hat is riding a white horse.
dog beach. the on a	a dog on the beach.
people walking, flying. Sandy kite sitting, beach, a laying, is	Sandy beach, people walking, laying, sitting, a kite is flying.
along buildings are The with greyhound nearby. a dirt path dogs racing	The greyhound dogs are racing along a dirt path with buildings nearby.
sitting stone on steps. A young family	A young family sitting on stone steps.
is its A in a dog brown the through snow with Frisbee mouth. running	A brown dog is running through the snow with a Frisbee in its mouth.
group A lap. players run a of soccer	A group of soccer players run a lap.
standing is large A structure. crowd of of front in winter-gear royal people in a	A crowd of people in winter-gear is standing in front of a large royal structure.
Three men one while a together book. looks sit at	Three men sit together while one looks at a book.
mouth outside. dog A toy carries furry in his brown	A furry brown dog carries his toy in mouth outside.
plays A orange wristbands and t-shirt tennis. man white in an	A man in an orange t-shirt and white wristbands plays tennis.
in asian play boys a a on lake raft	asian boys play on a raft in a lake
flying is air. through the A bird	A bird is flying through the air.
bike kids other on does boy watch. a as trick his A	A boy does a trick on his bike as other kids watch.
grass. in one black and brown One dog	One brown and one black dog in grass.
A in a a purple of in takes another picture park. woman	A woman takes a picture of another in purple in a park.
are riding wearing females on ATV. helments Four an	Four females wearing helments are riding on an ATV.
trees are very people the a water on background. boat small Two big in the on with	Two people are on a very small boat on the water with big trees in the background.
large people group the background. covered of A in with mountains snow	A large group of people with snow covered mountains in the background.
of A talking. a boat in sitting group people	A group of people sitting in a boat talking.
boy drenched The in is getting water. with red little	The little boy in red is getting drenched with water.
brown young in women converse. Two smiling	Two smiling young women in brown converse.
playing broken black A dog white a and volleyball with	A black and white dog playing with a broken volleyball
indoors. dog Small in ball a its tennis mouth catches	Small dog catches a tennis ball in its mouth indoors.
down area repels above a face heavily climber nearby mountains. rock a cliff A wooded	A rock climber repels down a cliff face above a heavily wooded area nearby mountains.
of a of mountain people the edge large over group rocky peering a	a group of people peering over the edge of a large rocky mountain
a A football game. player carries during ball the	A football player carries the ball during a game.
drawing. A wearing is glasses man	A man wearing glasses is drawing.
People a party. costume at	People at a costume party.
indian two down walk bikes and street. children ride the	two indian children walk and ride bikes down the street.
with cat eyes. has black a wrestles dog A white blue who	A black cat wrestles with a white dog who has blue eyes.
toy. Two chase dog a third dogs with a	Two dogs chase a third dog with a toy.
walk lake. on over bridge People small a a	People walk on a small bridge over a lake.
in trunks trampoline swim wet sitting boys are Two a on	Two wet boys in swim trunks are sitting on a trampoline
black walking and in People a parade. in are clothing red	People in red and black clothing are walking in a parade.
with a The dog stick. playing brown is shepherd German	The brown German shepherd dog is playing with a stick.
sweater crowd. red A hand in a in woman raises her a	A woman in a red sweater raises her hand in a crowd.
with into lens. man standing camcorder a holding Woman smiling and	Woman standing with man holding a camcorder and smiling into lens.
walks dress in a while A woman outside by. a couple a green posing building,	A couple posing outside a building, while a woman in a green dress walks by.
waterfall. walking past is an A woman artificial	A woman is walking past an artificial waterfall.
in the sun. outdoors woman stands The front of	The woman stands outdoors in front of the sun.
saturated on of paint surface sits amid with with paint. multicolored child paint A thoroughly a covered trays	A child covered with paint sits amid trays of multicolored paint on a surface thoroughly saturated with paint.
black man rides a a unicycle. wearing	a man wearing black rides a unicycle.
the horseriders look water. into Four	Four horseriders look into the water.
its in with small ball running mouth. dog, harness, a a The wearing is	The small dog, wearing a harness, is running with a ball in its mouth.
outside. a house A under boy crawls	A boy crawls under a house outside.
impersonators three ghostbuster	three ghostbuster impersonators
back the out. to steam in A yellow car, coming a it where is man looking	A yellow car, a man in it looking to the back where steam is coming out.
A near a sits fountain. woman young	A young woman sits near a fountain.
white with in shirt and gold a man a chain cross. A hat,	A man in a hat, white shirt and gold chain with a cross.
Group of patio sitting looking at chairs people mountains. in on lounge	Group of people sitting in lounge chairs on patio looking at mountains.
blue white uniforms the field on playing Ballplayers baseball. are in and	Ballplayers in blue and white uniforms are on the field playing baseball.
by car a a Six racing cloud of watching spectators in pass dirt dust.	Six spectators watching a dirt racing car pass by in a cloud of dust.
a dog spaced of along running between grass. A series walkways black and is tan stone	A black and tan dog is running along a series of stone walkways spaced between grass.
with one a black dog around eye front brown A dog. in of walking a spot	A dog with a brown spot around one eye walking in front of a black dog.
and marsh. dog person in wet A a	A wet dog and person in a marsh.
be appears on crocodile. A to what a girl sits	A girl sits on what appears to be a crocodile.
street. Women the walk down	Women walk down the street.
black fake a Four bear. are climbing kids on	Four kids are climbing on a fake black bear.
a on city. riding woman through up is standing a bicycle The	The woman is standing up on a bicycle riding through a city.
A air. the tan dog through white leaps and	A white and tan dog leaps through the air.
people together. Youngle standing	Youngle people standing together.
child plays the a in with toy A grass.	A child plays with a toy in the grass.
at hikers of tops mountains. looks the A group of	A group of hikers looks at the tops of mountains.
a small Two playing blonde one hair smiling. children is are with drum,	Two small children with blonde hair are playing a drum, one is smiling.
into something the Boy ocean. throwing	Boy throwing something into the ocean.
a inside Two area. children play sit	Two children sit inside a play area.
into a Four pool. doing in unison the cannonball jump boys	Four boys doing a cannonball jump in unison into the pool.
in mouth while a dog carrying its stick flat across white land. is A running	A white dog is carrying a stick in its mouth while running across flat land.
steel a A man making a off snowboarding jump guardrail.	A man snowboarding making a jump off a steel guardrail.
that on on A two high up standing path hill. a hiker a is is with a sticks	A hiker with two sticks is a standing on a path that is high up on a hill.
deep person bicycling A through snow.	A person bicycling through deep snow.
for people around group something. young stand of A waiting	A group of young people stand around waiting for something.
to catch trying a child A Frisbee.	A child trying to catch a Frisbee.
boy grass. in basket young a eggs collects carrying A the Easter	A young boy carrying a basket collects Easter eggs in the grass.
a in bus. Two men older of front	Two older men in front of a bus.
on a skipping A lake woman rocks	A woman skipping rocks on a lake
a A on surfboard. a white is man surfing big wave	A man is surfing a big wave on a white surfboard.
handstand A the sand. in does man a	A man does a handstand in the sand.
player Ohio his young contemplates pitch. baseball The	The young Ohio baseball player contemplates his pitch.
a on paint. wearing arm ribbon his has been with yellow A man splattered pink	A man wearing a pink ribbon on his arm has been splattered with yellow paint.
Martial artists against one are another. sparring	Martial artists are sparring against one another.
in dresses pose Four together. women	Four women in dresses pose together.
two with A dogs. hair woman colorful walks	A woman with colorful hair walks two dogs.
to school standing are girl cross in waiting A and takes a uniforms group 5 the while together of girls one picture. street	A group of 5 girls in school uniforms are standing together and waiting to cross the street while one girl takes a picture.
and small nearby person a rocks water A waterfall. swimming in	A person swimming in water nearby rocks and a small waterfall.
stairs the climb Two kids	Two kids climb the stairs
scales a climber rock mountain. A	A rock climber scales a mountain.
and blue sunglasses shirt dancing. Woman a in	Woman in a blue shirt and sunglasses dancing.
on A rock. clothes blue balancing is toddler a in	A toddler in blue clothes is balancing on a rock.
through the water. leaping Doberman	Doberman leaping through the water.
watches. aiming man dog The shoot while is something to his	The man is aiming to shoot something while his dog watches.
person truck. one yellow looking a the is back in the vehicle of down towards riding A road	A person riding in the back of one vehicle is looking down the road towards a yellow truck.
her. a cart looking A shopping garbage beside through to add lady digs the can to	A lady digs through a garbage can looking to add to the shopping cart beside her.
boy enjoy a amusement girl fast and A a ride.	A girl and a boy enjoy a fast amusement ride.
baby who up A with a at her. is lady looking glasses holds	A lady with glasses holds a baby who is looking up at her.
A trying restaurant. son to get eat to a mother food her is at	A mother is trying to get her son to eat food at a restaurant.
down. wave coming in surfing a wetsuit A with black a in ocean person is the	A person in a black wetsuit is surfing in the ocean with a wave coming down.
A surrounded football by players. man	A man surrounded by football players.
highway dogs around couple a lake water of a and a small in near	a couple dogs in and around a small lake of water near a highway
a blanket young on with a a in a wrapped step couple concrete child sitting	a couple with a young child wrapped in a blanket sitting on a concrete step
A poses woman the ski-ing is camera. for who	A woman who is ski-ing poses for the camera.
on blue a Person stomach riding surfboard. wave on	Person riding wave on stomach on a blue surfboard.
on the girl shore at plays the beach. A	A girl plays on the shore at the beach.
A excited boy on happy, a roller coaster.	A happy, excited boy on a roller coaster.
Dog in a toy snow. the with	Dog with a toy in the snow.
surfboard riding a on a Man wave.	Man riding a surfboard on a wave.
cellphone talking with on man behind in A a helmet a is people him. bicycle other	A man in a bicycle helmet is talking on a cellphone with other people behind him.
inflated an little slide. slide girls down Two	Two little girls slide down an inflated slide.
grass. three football in the boys play	three boys play football in the grass.
a it the the woman violin holding is A whilst with bow. plays man	A man is holding a violin whilst the woman plays it with the bow.
over pumpkins. leaning filled boy smiling, A wagon with two a large	A boy smiling, leaning over a wagon filled with two large pumpkins.
jumping white see-saw. is brown There and a of dog off a	There is a brown and white dog jumping off of a see-saw.
field. child sitting man while situated and in tarp water grassy holds a up on a of a pool A	A man holds up a child while sitting in a pool of water situated on a tarp and grassy field.
several shirt walking large light a trees is Someone in a city. overlooking past	Someone in a light shirt is walking past several large trees overlooking a city.
brightly in people lit to next with hugging are a behind red standing traffic city car scene Two them. a	Two people standing next to a red car are hugging in traffic with a brightly lit city scene behind them.
and a Man cardboard with coat sign. a yellow	Man with a yellow coat and a cardboard sign.
window yellow the A a to of see of looks car passenger man tire out the smoking.	A man looks out of the passenger window of a yellow car to see the tire smoking.
tosses the air a A into the at man beach. boy	A man tosses a boy into the air at the beach.
outside A of are standing a group Amish people church. of	A group of Amish people are standing outside of a church.
down A a with small boy walkway. football runs a very paved	A boy runs with a very small football down a paved walkway.
yellow throwing in Frisbee. jacket yellow A man a a	A man in a yellow jacket throwing a yellow Frisbee.
with dog dog and little a white black to car. are An a orange white next spots	An orange dog and a little white dog with black spots are next to a white car.
soccer players down run A field the group of after young ball. the	A group of young soccer players run down the field after the ball.
sunset A over a lake.	A sunset over a lake.
stands woman outside A near elaborate chalk an illustration.	A woman stands outside near an elaborate chalk illustration.
with on a hair stand and and fight. glasses Two table boys red	Two boys with red hair and glasses stand on a table and fight.
on in board the air somebody a	somebody in the air on a board
smiling mom boys of and the outside on Two little window. a their	Two little boys and their mom smiling on the outside of a window.
on on tricks a doing bridge a kid a skateboard	a kid doing tricks on a skateboard on a bridge
a the bow-tie camera. looking made wearing into is man dollar a and A with out glasses of	A man with a bow-tie made out of a dollar and wearing glasses is looking into the camera.
running an child a pool away plastic setting. A is from on a adult rural and	A child is running away from a plastic pool and an adult on a rural setting.
black is flying and water. bird over white A	A black and white bird is flying over water.
dog dock. jumps a black into water off the A	A black dog jumps into the water off a dock.
man hat baseball event in watching an A crowd. a in a sunglasses and	A man in a baseball hat and sunglasses watching an event in a crowd.
faces snarly play they dogs furry as together. make Two	Two furry dogs make snarly faces as they play together.
a Someone bike while bikers on trick an is aerial performing other watch.	Someone on a bike is performing an aerial trick while other bikers watch.
a with huge hiking. A in backpack person a going hat red	A person in a red hat with a huge backpack going hiking.
A rates competition. four team a of judges	A team of four judges rates a competition.
a are Two playing dogs in grassy field.	Two dogs are playing in a grassy field.
wooded a something jumping with bike helmet person a in area. A a over is	A person with a helmet is jumping a bike over something in a wooded area.
crowd. a a among A hat in sunglasses man and seen is	A man in sunglasses and a hat is seen among a crowd.
a descending people steps. of gray set Two	Two people descending a set of gray steps.
backpack A climber accends a snow mountain. a covered with	A climber with a backpack accends a snow covered mountain.
Two heads novelty children putting photo board. through	Two children putting heads through novelty photo board.
pink jacket red a is A slide. down a in headfirst going girl	A girl in a pink jacket is going headfirst down a red slide.
man white abandon mustache older front An glasses in and is with a looking building. of an	An older looking man with glasses and a white mustache is in front of an abandon building.
The boy a is wearing jacket.	The boy is wearing a jacket.
field. in dog a grassy grey runs A	A grey dog runs in a grassy field.
young enjoys The soccer player the game.	The young soccer player enjoys the game.
water. pool person watching into with swimming a blue A jump is a child	A swimming person is watching a child jump into a pool with blue water.
the child running along at shore beach young a a	a young child running along the shore at a beach
covered in topless mud. is A woman	A topless woman is covered in mud.
Two running through pool. girls a at water shallow young are	Two young girls are running through shallow water at a pool.
off tree white a jumping brown dog small of a and stump	a small brown and white dog jumping off of a tree stump
through run tennis one ball. with the snow, a Two dogs	Two dogs run through the snow, one with a tennis ball.
water. bird A very flying over large	A very large bird flying over water.
holding is A baby glasses. black a who man holding	A man holding a baby who is holding black glasses.
child A in snow. playing	A child playing in snow.
the on boat A by person shore. a	A person on a boat by the shore.
ages with binoculars the about woods of of in 11 people all group A	A group of about 11 people of all ages with binoculars in the woods
dog show. dogs at there Two walk women a	Two women walk there dogs at a dog show.
prepares while ball looks A on. soccer a to boy kick girl a	A girl prepares to kick a soccer ball while a boy looks on.
a a sitting bench. A on woman man and	A man and a woman sitting on a bench.
bike is on above A some a boy sand jumping mounds.	A boy on a bike is jumping above some sand mounds.
clothes a holds drink. sunglasses in white dressed Two and formal while pose, one men	Two men dressed in white formal clothes and sunglasses pose, while one holds a drink.
in mountains Two in the the hike with in people snow background. a lake the on shorts	Two people in shorts hike on the snow in the mountains with a lake in the background.
eye grass. white patches brown is green through dog of and his running with A black on	A white dog with patches of brown and black on his eye is running through green grass.
a barrier his along sliding snowboard. man A on is green	A man is sliding along a green barrier on his snowboard.
caravan of snowmobile travel through the A snow.	A caravan of snowmobile travel through the snow.
mouths one Three holding fake is a open sword men and with	Three men with mouths open and one is holding a fake sword
man water in swim into trunks diving black A the	A man in black swim trunks diving into the water
a young a wooden on blond boy horse. sitting rocky	a young blond boy sitting on a wooden rocky horse.
is in up picking the A Easter grass. child young eggs	A young child is picking up Easter eggs in the grass.
young outside. and smile boys Two walk	Two young boys smile and walk outside.
with ball A a in small playing black dog grass. the	A small black dog playing with a ball in the grass.
is skateboard green helmet in a white and a a some boy down shirt riding steps.	a boy in a white shirt and green helmet is riding a skateboard down some steps.
black a of a man The and part banner, is hat, holding uniform in waving.	The man in a black uniform and hat, holding part of a banner, is waving.
to standing bird man next is The a cage.	The man is standing next to a bird cage.
dog get one tries soccer stands a leg A and on ball. to	A dog stands on one leg and tries to get a soccer ball.
in background. a engaged man Two in dogs with the physical contact	Two dogs engaged in physical contact with a man in the background.
alone water. foggy in A sits rowboat man a on	A man sits in a rowboat alone on foggy water.
looking an grocery old Kids bag. paper in woman's	Kids looking in an old woman's grocery paper bag.
person moss. buried in A	A person buried in moss.
colored riding brightly countryside rider down scooter. on hill The a a is	The brightly colored rider is riding down a countryside hill on a scooter.
lots with the of on building walls. A are few of a inside people sitting photography	A few people are sitting inside of a building with lots of photography on the walls.
black jacket street. woman walks down in A white and and a black skirt the	A woman in a black jacket and black and white skirt walks down the street.
on stands the lone a and looks A out rocky over man wilderness. outcropping	A lone man stands on a rocky outcropping and looks out over the wilderness.
The biker a helmet. wearing is	The biker is wearing a helmet.
Woman the at a is smile camera. making half	Woman is making a half smile at the camera.
large a rock. a climbs man	a man climbs a large rock.
on a A beam is wooden blue a running fence. dog beside	A dog is running on a wooden beam beside a blue fence.
ski a on the mountain ride Two life. up people	Two people ride up the mountain on a ski life.
Dog at Challenge. dog the Frisbee Incredible for a Purina jumps A	A dog jumps for a Frisbee at the Purina Incredible Dog Challenge.
people calm the are lake yellow. a on canoe Three with in a reflecting sun	Three people are in a canoe on a calm lake with the sun reflecting yellow.
under a over boy girl and to A ledge. bending a look a fence are	A boy and a girl are bending under a fence to look over a ledge.
the black is air. and There bounding through a dog tan	There is a black and tan dog bounding through the air.
of an on field A running furry open dog grass.	A furry dog running on an open field of grass.
the A waves. rides surfer	A surfer rides the waves.
the The sits outside. on woman steps	The woman sits on the steps outside.
a dog grass. dog the chases A on toy	A dog chases a dog toy on the grass.
obedience out on is running the of dog a course. The tunnel dog	The dog is running out of the tunnel on a dog obedience course.
a stuffed A TV laying in of dog a small on animal front	A small dog laying on a stuffed animal in front of a TV
across running small sand. dog black the A	A small black dog running across the sand.
other Two people atop taking of while themselves laying pictures young each	Two young people taking pictures of themselves while laying atop each other
a crowd. hat unicycle rides woman a a in front dress and in of black A	A woman in a black dress and hat rides a unicycle in front of a crowd.
spotted a jumps dog over muddy A creek.	A spotted dog jumps over a muddy creek.
and for picture. women Three are man one a posing	Three women and one man are posing for a picture.
patch an and boy the a fist. bandanna a makes with on harbor stands and his head in A eye	A boy with an eye patch and a bandanna on his head stands in the harbor and makes a fist.
throw in ready bowling ball to getting man A is alley. a bowling a	A man is getting ready to throw a bowling ball in a bowling alley.
fence. a blue black a sledge onto pants boy of brown wooden a diving jacket a front is in in snow and	a boy in black snow pants and a brown jacket is diving onto a blue sledge in front of a wooden fence.
off a flight a stairs down A skateboard going of flipping boy	A boy flipping off a skateboard going down a flight of stairs
a pavillion. guns Four boys hold toy while under	Four boys hold toy guns while under a pavillion.
and girls guys excited. Three something two and are watching getting	Three guys and two girls are watching something and getting excited.
behind small grassy trailer them. field boys with Two a walk in smiling a	Two smiling boys walk in a grassy field with a small trailer behind them.
across the runs grass. a dog	a dog runs across the grass.
woods. with it A white near cabin the in little orange a running dog	A little orange cabin with a white dog running near it in the woods.
A a woman stands on street.	A woman stands on a street.
bicycle a dogs. A a riding is of pack wheeler behind three woman	A woman is riding a three wheeler bicycle behind a pack of dogs.
is skateboarding ramp in a on the man dark. A	A man is skateboarding on a ramp in the dark.
gloves. who grey wearing is black gloves boxer the The is boxer kicking wearing	The boxer wearing black gloves is kicking the boxer who is wearing grey gloves.
to a green small leans look child The crocks inside over in grate.	The small child in green crocks leans over to look inside a grate.
gathered adults outdoors young Four	Four young adults gathered outdoors
grass. green through are running the brown dogs Two	Two brown dogs are running through the green grass.
along The white is running dog the beach.	The white dog is running along the beach.
measuring a on lights low sitting the couple couch. for Three by scene men are a up setting a	Three men are setting up a scene by measuring the lights for a couple sitting on a low couch.
people Two each other. a rock looking on at	Two people on a rock looking at each other.
two silly young making boys faces.	two young boys making silly faces.
in A face shirt. the young woman is girl sweater of a painting a striped in a	A woman in a sweater is painting the face of a young girl in a striped shirt.
midair. girl doing in the splits A	A girl doing the splits in midair.
a boy a blond standing staircase on young smiling	a young blond boy smiling standing on a staircase
a flies Three men overhead. react football as	Three men react as a football flies overhead.
Five in a gym. people	Five people in a gym.
A twirls her young skirt. fluffy purple girl	A young girl twirls her fluffy purple skirt.
performing band An all-male in tutus	An all-male band performing in tutus
to Two back camera one each person with camel front. with a people riding in	Two people each riding a camel with one person with back to camera in front.
A calm shore. walks beagle along the	A beagle walks along the calm shore.
brown hand someone's food, dog at with a A from plate taking looking it.	A brown dog looking at a plate with food, someone's hand taking from it.
talks wheelchair. on another his man and rides cellphone a a man	a man talks on his cellphone and another man rides a wheelchair.
a standing in game park. men during sports around are group a A of	A group of men are standing around during a sports game in a park.
man yellow is suit jumping a helmet a grey A in bike. dirt and	A man in a grey suit and helmet is jumping a yellow dirt bike.
member band air. the in jumps A	A band member jumps in the air.
in A field. dog running a	A dog running in a field.
a climbing frightened wall. boy little on A	A frightened little boy on a climbing wall.
hockey. men different Two colored play jerseys in	Two men in different colored jerseys play hockey.
sitting Boys orange water raft jackets on life in in	Boys in orange life jackets sitting on raft in water
on Two retreiver dogs the running golden grass. are	Two golden retreiver dogs are running on the grass.
a sleeping A tiger. boy pets	A boy pets a sleeping tiger.
a edge of at sunset. A standing on are lake a girl and boy the	A boy and a girl are standing on the edge of a lake at sunset.
snowcapped the skier The mountains. is looking at	The skier is looking at the snowcapped mountains.
him. vista behind leaping a mountain the into man air A with	A man leaping into the air with a mountain vista behind him.
one a dogs stick on holding beach. Two	Two dogs holding one stick on a beach.
A near crowd. is dark-skinned standing woman in blue dress a a	A dark-skinned woman in a blue dress is standing near a crowd.
in gray camera. carrying grass ball a runs its across the dog towards mouth large the A	A large gray dog carrying a ball in its mouth runs across the grass towards the camera.
man holding crowd A white in object. a stands a	A man stands in a crowd holding a white object.
violin man at concert while speaks a a into a man plays A microphone. a	A man plays a violin at a concert while a man speaks into a microphone.
man basketball. blue jersey plays A in a	A man in a blue jersey plays basketball.
kayaking woman dog her A small with	A woman kayaking with her small dog
bikers bike countryside. two across the	two bikers bike across the countryside.
on a by are dogs. many sled pulled people Two	Two people are on a sled pulled by many dogs.
a The in little is wearing the swimsuit. girl pool red	The little girl in the pool is wearing a red swimsuit.
thrown dog attempting is that black to is a A catch object red.	A black dog is attempting to catch a thrown object that is red.
A on in skateboard. helmet a doing boy a little tricks is	A little boy in a helmet is doing tricks on a skateboard.
young bars. girls yellow on outfits wearing pink monkey two playing	two young girls wearing pink outfits playing on yellow monkey bars.
young face. is yellow boy licking blue a off frosting man's and A young	A young boy is licking blue and yellow frosting off a young man's face.
the brown and The dog running black is on grass.	The black and brown dog is running on the grass.
red a along boy beach. wearing A runs a shirt	A boy wearing a red shirt runs along a beach.
them. surrounding people street crossing of building with Group a	Group of people crossing a street with building surrounding them.
holding A male fishing pole. a young	A young male holding a fishing pole.
a jumping man ramp. a on bike bike on A	A man on a bike jumping on a bike ramp.
track boy running small A	A small boy running track
tree a riding at A trunk blue bike with night. wheels on a person	A person riding a bike with blue wheels on a tree trunk at night.
sheep a black and is playing with in field. white A a dog	A black and white dog is playing with a sheep in a field.
a texts. up, woman and many line people	many people line up, and a woman texts.
soccer. playing children Two	Two children playing soccer.
in is area. stream The a wooded vehicle a crossing water, of	The vehicle is crossing a stream of water, in a wooded area.
purple by suit is case a playing a a guitar. in A standing purple man	A man in a purple suit is standing by a purple case playing a guitar.
closeup A shallow wearing suit a of young beach. pink water the a at child in laying bathing	A closeup of a young child wearing a pink bathing suit laying in shallow water at the beach.
off the dog shaking A water. brown, wet	A brown, wet dog shaking off the water.
a counter legs leaning two filled Dog with on bags. against	Dog on two legs leaning against a counter with filled bags.
on in bars. top monkey blond shorts girl A the of sits	A blond girl in shorts sits on the top of monkey bars.
something are making on Group ground. people knees and of the down on their hands	Group of people are down on their hands and knees making something on the ground.
in store. in woman red a a cap A	A woman in a red cap in a store.
hoop. pink plays with hula a girl in a A dress	A girl in a pink dress plays with a hula hoop.
are equipment. looking photographic people into Three	Three people are looking into photographic equipment.
The white little on brown faces large the grass. dog dog the	The large brown dog faces the little white dog on the grass.
watching are something. men Two	Two men are watching something.
CHINA a says with black Man " " green hardhat zone. in trailer near a SHIPPING jacket stands construction in that	Man with hardhat in black jacket stands near a green trailer that says " CHINA SHIPPING " in a construction zone.
wearing wrestles a kid in kid on white A with a shirt yellow couch. the denim	A kid in a yellow shirt wrestles with a denim wearing kid on the white couch.
tennis with through a dog and white running black small in the a ball grass mouth his	a small black and white dog running through the grass with a tennis ball in his mouth
black field. and dogs white a running three through watery	three black and white dogs running through a watery field.
shower tennis a dog hind balls. amid his on stands legs of A	A dog stands on his hind legs amid a shower of tennis balls.
Dogs other. each chase	Dogs chase each other.
powerlines. walking and Women sky blue beneath a	Women walking beneath a blue sky and powerlines.
up art. piece blue a An man holding a shirt canvas is in elderly of	An elderly man in a blue shirt is holding up a piece of canvas art.
blue wears public an wig A in interesting man	A man wears an interesting blue wig in public
by waterfall. A pool swims in a person a	A person swims in a pool by a waterfall.
basketball. basketball a boys one There and is are two on court holding a	There are two boys on a basketball court and one is holding a basketball.
on the street. children their bikes ride asphalt Two	Two children ride their bikes on the asphalt street.
on a skinny girl a canoe. sits	a girl sits on a skinny canoe.
of front a camera A stands white wearing building. in team jackets	A camera team wearing jackets stands in front of a white building.
tank in sitting a woman chair. is a A top happy wearing black wicker	A happy woman wearing a black tank top is sitting in a wicker chair.
posing camera, one overalls, for of the a in Two men people. nearby crowd	Two men posing for the camera, one in overalls, nearby a crowd of people.
with to happily a shirt a out haircut someone of gestures A blue short boy frame. and	A boy with a short haircut and a blue shirt gestures happily to someone out of frame.
slides ball to to runner player crouching A safety. as baseball the a catch	A baseball player crouching to catch the ball as a runner slides to safety.
girls boys with and streaked standing next with concrete two hair building. two black a pink hair to	two girls with pink streaked hair and two boys with black hair standing next to a concrete building.
shirt Woman in posing black of statue. for pictures in front	Woman in black shirt posing for pictures in front of statue.
dome. People stand a inside rock	People stand inside a rock dome.
Two slinky. children with playing little and one a is	Two little children and one is playing with a slinky.
car in through trunks a Two children climb swim	Two children in swim trunks climb through a car
waves a surfboard. person rides A the on	A person rides the waves on a surfboard.
mouth. in with in jumping air ball tennis his a skiny a dog the	a skiny dog jumping in the air with a tennis ball in his mouth.
poodles french snowy on Two field romp a	Two french poodles romp on a snowy field
in boy swinging a A woman circle. a	A woman swinging a boy in a circle.
watch. as climber others A scales cliff a	A climber scales a cliff as others watch.
alongside a pool dog pool. runs grey A a dog yellow while into the jumps	A grey dog runs alongside a pool while a yellow dog jumps into the pool.
white a dog small across A lawn. running	A small white dog running across a lawn.
A a water giving to in trainer boxer corner. the	A trainer giving water to a boxer in the corner.
on a a street the through ferrett walking man old leash. An	An old man walking a ferrett through the street on a leash.
white woman sticks the out in A her air wearing jumps tongue. and shirt a	A woman wearing a white shirt jumps in the air and sticks out her tongue.
water. through propelled line on being zip a A the man	A man on a zip line being propelled through the water.
fallen sofa his miniature little asleep A a pacifier boy and mouth. on a in has	A little boy has fallen asleep on a miniature sofa and a pacifier in his mouth.
a drink has a in A her and the standing hand. each other to woman and man next woman are	A man and a woman are standing next to each other and the woman has a drink in her hand.
A beach. looking at pink person out hair with a	A person with pink hair looking out at a beach.
in very rider woods. Bike his bike jumping the on high	Bike rider jumping very high on his bike in the woods.
old A windowsill an windmill a grinds near guy	A guy grinds a windowsill near an old windmill
people on walking wire. practice high the Young	Young people practice walking on the high wire.
look to stop A of while at people picture. group takes something one a	A group of people stop to look at something while one takes a picture.
its A takes owner run. and dog a	A dog and its owner takes a run.
A swims through water. with hair dog golden	A dog with golden hair swims through water.
make pose the people Four at silly dinner a table.	Four people make a silly pose at the dinner table.
rock their for a up wait A turns. man others while climbs	A man climbs up a rock while others wait for their turns.
through running red wooden wearing is next A collar black dog snow a a fence. to	A black dog wearing a red collar is running through snow next to a wooden fence.
dogs looking in a unseen at field Two an Frisbee. run	Two dogs run in a field looking at an unseen Frisbee.
of of in front building. a sit at table group people A large a	A group of people sit at a table in front of a large building.
collars chests. up stand water wearing dogs Two their in outdoors to	Two dogs wearing collars stand outdoors in water up to their chests.
A man. leaps for a held stick dog by a	A dog leaps for a stick held by a man.
a scarves Three in head women camera. examine	Three women in head scarves examine a camera.
in man A bull bullfight. stabs a a	A man stabs a bull in a bullfight.
speakers. are and to women have listening Many gathered	Many women have gathered and are listening to speakers.
girl a trampoline. jumps on the	a girl jumps on the trampoline.
a wall. in on talking brick pink of cellphone Woman front	Woman talking on pink cellphone in front of a brick wall.
the A dog water. through swims	A dog swims through the water.
speaker has is head man on while his hand speaking. A a his	A man has his hand on his head while a speaker is speaking.
in splashing water is the a stick wet dog white its with A in mouth.	A wet white dog is splashing in the water with a stick in its mouth.
leaves. shirts the in play in Children red	Children in red shirts play in the leaves.
air dog in A jumps on grass. the blond the	A blond dog jumps in the air on the grass.
young off shows basketball his A boy skills	A young boy shows off his basketball skills
for meal indoors. a gather A people crowd of	A crowd of people gather for a meal indoors.
The player a Florida jersey. is basketball wearing	The basketball player is wearing a Florida jersey.
white A bunny. a closeup of	A closeup of a white bunny.
A air towards a leaping ball. boy the in soccer	A boy leaping in the air towards a soccer ball.
Dogs at racing racetrack. the	Dogs racing at the racetrack.
black up. and A white dog looking	A black and white dog looking up.
in little toy ride truck. a boys Two	Two little boys ride in a toy truck.
bench a to on Man next bike. sitting a	Man sitting on a bench next to a bike.
with black urban blurry background. in Woman beverage, with	Woman in black with beverage, with blurry urban background.
biker having in off A jump. a air is dirt dirt sideways who the come of	A dirt biker who is sideways in the air having come off of a dirt jump.
A runs wearing greyhound dirt dog a black along racetrack. shirt a and yellow	A greyhound dog wearing a yellow and black shirt runs along a dirt racetrack.
a in dog mitten purple snow. the bites brown A	A brown dog bites a purple mitten in the snow.
the blows with whistle. a girl little A dress yellow	A little girl with a yellow dress blows the whistle.
rides columned boy hand-railing building. skateboard brick a a a teenage A outside in on	A teenage boy in rides a hand-railing on a skateboard outside a columned brick building.
lap is of desk. sitting who laying at a the on his head A is person the boy	A boy is laying his head on the lap of the person who is sitting at a desk.
runs through mouth with open. snow-covered ground his white A the dog	A white dog runs through the snow-covered ground with his mouth open.
runs brown a beside A dog a green field. white dog in and black	A black and white dog runs beside a brown dog in a green field.
Child in tire. crouches	Child crouches in tire.
in a the a grey sitting toy Girl with multicolor sweater on of shoulders blue man holding and hair.	Girl in blue sweater and holding a multicolor toy sitting on the shoulders of a man with grey hair.
play Men rugby.	Men play rugby.
front a man is standing in holding kayak. a A paddle yellow of	A man holding a paddle is standing in front of a yellow kayak.
A girl gives kiss a small dog. to a tan	A small girl gives a kiss to a tan dog.
Blond novelty glasses. girl wearing little	Blond little girl wearing novelty glasses.
walks side a her. woman walks and to the little boy of A	A woman walks and a little boy walks to the side of her.
the Two snacks. wearing girls eat sitting grass in hats	Two girls sitting in the grass wearing hats eat snacks.
a a snake. in large A boy is little shirt holding green	A little boy in a green shirt is holding a large snake.
along a running is white dog outside. A path	A white dog is running along a path outside.
child white powder. with young A covered	A young child covered with white powder.
play makeshift saxophones men play drum Three one while corner a man on	Three men play saxophones while one man play makeshift drum on a corner
a and leather grey by an old a wearing several other hat people. jacket surrounded	an old wearing a grey hat and a leather jacket surrounded by several other people.
front picnic tree in boy a tables. a is of the by t-shirt A striped standing in	A boy in a striped t-shirt is standing by a tree in front of the picnic tables.
sheep. Two a dogs in run field herding	Two dogs run in a field herding sheep.
baby bowl A a large water. taking is bath filled little Tupperware with in a	A little baby is taking a bath in a large Tupperware bowl filled with water.
sitting of man the top A a at mountain.	A man sitting at the top of a mountain.
walks pants in her bike woman a shadows. A blue the purple with and top	A woman with a purple top and blue pants walks her bike in the shadows.
kitten a top of a white hoses on on it. and at white dogs who sitting Two black tank looking and is black with	Two black and white dogs looking at a black and white kitten who is sitting on top of a tank with hoses on it.
quickly moving A skier slalom downhill.	A slalom skier moving quickly downhill.
passerby. tip receiving A wheelchair from person a bound a	A wheelchair bound person receiving a tip from a passerby.
and camera. hats look at people sit the wearing Two	Two people wearing hats sit and look at the camera.
man bike. A in rides a yellow jacket	A man in yellow jacket rides a bike.
a a in on A jumps shirt trampoline. white girl	A girl in a white shirt jumps on a trampoline.
running without in A child dirt. shirt the a	A child without a shirt running in the dirt.
in something is shallow wading dog while water The holding mouth. its through	The dog is wading through shallow water while holding something in its mouth.
Hundreds people partake people as watch of the in bull-run.	Hundreds of people watch as people partake in the bull-run.
in two Two stage. men with men a dancing on are yellow in brown	Two men in yellow are dancing with two men in brown on a stage.
blue street. A woman in over bends backwards on the	A woman in blue bends over backwards on the street.
A the spoted chasing shore. dog at husky brown a	A husky chasing a brown spoted dog at the shore.
in man stretch stones, foreground. woman and packages Young out on	Young man and woman stretch out on stones, packages in foreground.
necklace crowd. large her red in Girl holding shirt a in	Girl in red shirt holding her necklace in a large crowd.
are people Two fencing.	Two people are fencing.
and are child people including a snowy walking clown sidewalk a towards a Several	Several people including a child and a clown are walking towards a snowy sidewalk
in the air. a with is bicycle jump is rotating he the while his performing extreme and An bicycle bicyclist	An extreme bicyclist is performing a jump with his bicycle and rotating the bicycle while he is in the air.
to ball. player One the player the with catch rugby trying	One rugby player trying to catch the player with the ball.
whilst sitting man is A red racing car. inside smiling a	A man is smiling whilst sitting inside a red racing car.
A at coat the winks wearing an orange boy camera.	A boy wearing an orange coat winks at the camera.
a standing desk. Some people room a around are in reception circular	Some people are standing in a room around a circular reception desk.
kid prestends they little another the temple boy while in lunch. punch are eating A to	A little boy prestends to punch another kid in the temple while they are eating lunch.
to player blocked in player leaping shot while by Basketball in being uniform a make black. white	Basketball player in white uniform leaping to make a shot while being blocked by player in black.
black A some in grass in mouth. white dog plastic holding item standing its a	A black dog standing in some grass holding a white plastic item in its mouth.
A his his sitting is with man hair crazy in with fingers ears.	A man with crazy hair is sitting with his fingers in his ears.
kid swimming life wearing a a A pool. jacket in	A kid wearing a life jacket in a swimming pool.
facing showing their black Two teeth. are other each dogs	Two black dogs are facing each other showing their teeth.
in wakeboarder A leaps air. the	A wakeboarder leaps in the air.
children playing are rails. three the on The	The three children are playing on the rails.
and dog brown is black leash A dog. and on white sniffed a by black a	A brown and black dog on a leash is sniffed by a black and white dog.
dog. A sledders few a by are chased	A few sledders are chased by a dog.
motorcyclists on a Two track.	Two motorcyclists on a track.
over climbing A waist. hardhat a a his wearing clothes winter to attached snowy ledge a is using and man rope	A man wearing winter clothes and a hardhat is climbing over a snowy ledge using a rope attached to his waist.
with covering a boy his her around A arm girl face.	A girl with her arm around a boy covering his face.
along carrying A next walks baby a to beach. man the a woman	A man carrying a baby walks next to a woman along the beach.
grass A toddler with swing a in with eyes sits background. blue blue the in	A toddler with blue eyes sits in a blue swing with grass in the background.
a head. A controller is his boy PlayStation young over holding	A young boy is holding a PlayStation controller over his head.
in A tutu little pink boy shirt girl gets ready Spider-Man dancing, in ballet a for behind. a a	A little girl in a pink tutu gets ready for ballet dancing, a boy in a Spider-Man shirt behind.
llama. sheep or dogs near White stand a	White dogs stand near a sheep or llama.
brown A in has and enlarged stretched. pants picture man his	A man in brown pants has his picture enlarged and stretched.
playing dogs field. blue with a a ball in small Two grassy	Two dogs playing with a small blue ball in a grassy field.
and A girl woman jump off of swings. their	A girl and woman jump off of their swings.
his the cricket, to playing man pointed A bat sky.	A man playing cricket, his bat pointed to the sky.
a jumps a on A mountain. rock biker mountain	A mountain biker jumps a rock on a mountain.
balloon dress green A with on little and holding right is street orange Kitty Hello girl yellowish the her hand. a in a	A little girl on the street in a yellowish green and orange dress is holding a Hello Kitty balloon with her right hand.
dogs grass. brown a run Two in of field	Two dogs run in a field of brown grass.
bracelets with flag. colorful a The young flowered and is man the lei holding colorful	The young man with the colorful flowered lei and colorful bracelets is holding a flag.
go An Asian woman by. traffic holding watches fan a	An Asian woman holding a fan watches traffic go by.
dirty water in boys two playing	two boys playing in dirty water
cellphone. huddle young to at Two a look girls	Two young girls huddle to look at a cellphone.
A young park on kissing couple a bench.	A young couple kissing on a park bench.
are rink. rollerskating a on Three children skating	Three children are skating on a rollerskating rink.
waterfall. man watching A sits a	A man sits watching a waterfall.
Woman in the midair. competing long jump, in photographed	Woman competing in the long jump, photographed in midair.
riding a bike. onto while A man a holds bicycle boy the	A boy riding a bicycle while a man holds onto the bike.
in bright on instrument A an man clothing the plays street.	A man in bright clothing plays an instrument on the street.
A while boy runs wearing young sandals.	A young boy runs while wearing sandals.
in bags. holding and girl ZARA hat dress A a two little red white blue	A little girl in a red dress and white hat holding two ZARA blue bags.
tackled football player by red A in being white. in opponents	A football player in red being tackled by opponents in white.
enforcement law as flees white men dressed man A in agents.	A man in white flees men dressed as law enforcement agents.
in white A and dog test. agility tan competing is an	A tan and white dog is competing in an agility test.
past cyclist buildings and with is riding gear. A backpack cycling	A cyclist is riding past buildings with backpack and cycling gear.
some running wet, sand. are dogs Two through black	Two wet, black dogs are running through some sand.
racing Two a run track. around dogs	Two racing dogs run around a track.
a wakeboards on a lake. man	a man wakeboards on a lake.
a dog on is beach. black red dropping a disc The	The black dog is dropping a red disc on a beach.
Two a men of outside building. together jump around	Two men jump around together outside of a building.
play dogs the in black Three glass.	Three black dogs play in the glass.
at event. obstacle The over dogs an jump an	The dogs jump over an obstacle at an event.
mouth. his man blue eyes a opens behind as widely eyes A his man closes jacket blue his as he covers a him in big	A man in a blue jacket widely opens his big blue eyes as a man behind him closes his eyes as he covers his mouth.
grass. in a the dog rolls	a dog rolls in the grass.
is skis also with parachute. person A a red paragliding wearing	A person wearing skis is also paragliding with a red parachute.
blue tongues. boys stained, Two show their off	Two boys show off their stained, blue tongues.
is man on playing grass. A and sitting guitar the	A man is sitting and playing guitar on the grass.
game of another. rugby, a man During a tackles	During a game of rugby, a man tackles another.
dog out stick. The of a water is the with climbing	The dog is climbing out of the water with a stick.
parasail. blue parasailing and Someone on yellow is a	Someone is parasailing on a blue and yellow parasail.
man the man on while a choppy shore standing a the woman water. and fishes in are A	A man and a woman are standing on a shore while the man fishes in the choppy water.
dog tan the and in A black snow	A black and tan dog in the snow
a track racing on dirt Cars	Cars racing on a dirt track
an leg on bike. trick male doing A open a does while wheelie his	A male does an open leg trick while doing a wheelie on his bike.
big hang Three on top people of a hill. out	Three people hang out on top of a big hill.
hiking girl a park. A man in poses a with shirtless	A shirtless man poses with a girl hiking in a park.
stage of musical next musician a and A full crowd instruments. to	A musician and a crowd next to stage full of musical instruments.
in tennis ball Gold and mouth. dog a white catching its	Gold and white dog catching a tennis ball in its mouth.
grey the carrying dogs in stick are Two a water.	Two grey dogs are carrying a stick in the water.
The soccer walking the in mouth. dog its through with black a ball is dirt	The black dog is walking through the dirt with a soccer ball in its mouth.
boy swing. A plays a on young	A young boy plays on a swing.
match. compete a artists Two martial in	Two martial artists compete in a match.
young utensils. A with noodles boy large eats	A young boy eats noodles with large utensils.
on kids. way seesaw four 2 with Woman	Woman on four way seesaw with 2 kids.
the child standing in snow. Smiling	Smiling child standing in the snow.
crowd a tackle the A football in in background. progress with	A football tackle in progress with a crowd in the background.
hat wearing looks glasses snow. A a are that a man in with outside dog a like the woman and	A man with glasses and a woman wearing a hat that looks like a dog are outside in the snow.
background. people course, other lady A in are dog through the obstacle an her walking while	A lady walking her dog through an obstacle course, while other people are in the background.
children Four hold eyes. up their rolled magazines to	Four children hold rolled up magazines to their eyes.
golf course near to Man preparing throw stick a	Man near golf course preparing to throw a stick
dog. a followed another dog A gate jumping over by	A dog jumping over a gate followed by another dog.
in smiling and dressed A denim man is off is camera.	A man is dressed in denim and is smiling off camera.
wearing a just young Two around climb vehicle. boys, underwear,	Two young boys, wearing just underwear, climb around a vehicle.
dances a as break A crowd man watches.	A man break dances as a crowd watches.
race black spectators and A white a dog a grassy while on. in field look dog	A black dog and a white dog race in a grassy field while spectators look on.
A bottom covered snow of person snow stands mountain. the a at the in	A person stands in the snow at the bottom of a snow covered mountain.
playing younger barefoot in a An girl and puddle a older girl	An older girl and a younger girl playing barefoot in a puddle
lacrosse chasing young with ball. the men Three are sticks	Three young men with lacrosse sticks are chasing the ball.
brother A rides with on a tipping. boy seat, is which bicycle in child's little his a	A boy on a bicycle rides with his little brother in a child's seat, which is tipping.
in jacket a the in A is skyline. girl of Seattle front sitting blue	A girl in a blue jacket is sitting in front of the Seattle skyline.
fence. plays wooden outside a A boy near	A boy plays outside near a wooden fence.
jumps boy a another boy. on	a boy jumps on another boy.
salon a colored permed in gets A woman her and hair	A woman in a salon gets her hair colored and permed
runs and a dog. bull from black A brown small black	A brown and black bull runs from a small black dog.
a through field a flowery multicolored running dog	a multicolored dog running through a flowery field
some that is a There person standing mountain shapes. has a interesting	There is a person standing a mountain that has some interesting shapes.
dog and swimming white in a black A lake. is	A black and white dog is swimming in a lake.
air. is The leaping boy into the	The boy is leaping into the air.
writing on a the beach. rocky men sand Two in	Two men writing in the sand on a rocky beach.
at for ball. soccer and converge the goal the Two the teams goalie reaches	Two soccer teams converge at the goal and the goalie reaches for the ball.
little body a starring A is kid into water. of	A little kid is starring into a body of water.
down slope. carefully A a walks snow steep skier	A skier carefully walks down a steep snow slope.
young snow. A up clump boy a he of as holds grins	A young boy grins as he holds up a clump of snow.
a A sits people building. group of outside	A group of people sits outside a building.
on looks A a girl merry-go-round. rides as she up young	A young girl looks up as she rides on a merry-go-round.
girl A on little and a jump trampoline outside. boy	A little girl and boy jump on a trampoline outside.
mountain. their arms atop raise snowy a men Two	Two men raise their arms atop a snowy mountain.
on carpet the O to lie Two an girls of little wooden made next blocks.	Two little girls lie on the carpet next to an O made of wooden blocks.
bathing A goggles. cap girl in and a swim suit,	A girl in a bathing suit, swim cap and goggles.
small sliding feet down her with the girl yellow a slide air. A shirt a wearing yellow in blond	A small blond girl wearing a yellow shirt sliding down a yellow slide with her feet in the air.
men the are with dog a ball in water. Two playing a and	Two men and a dog are playing with a ball in the water.
castle build the children sand beach. Two a on	Two children build a sand castle on the beach.
and topped wearing man's red mountains. woman hiking hat jacket work snow in the A a red is	A woman wearing a red work man's hat and red jacket is hiking in the snow topped mountains.
far racer A a another behind. dirt bike with off racer jumping not hill	A dirt bike racer jumping off a hill with another racer not far behind.
the grass. Two on are dogs playing	Two dogs are playing on the grass.
on bags across woman black shoulders. walk courtyard their and A in man a messenger a with	A man and a woman walk in across a courtyard with black messenger bags on their shoulders.
large on a grounded water. in sits man of is the boat shore of a of back body the that A	A man sits in the back of a boat that is grounded on the shore of a large body of water.
a A folds bride at beach. her arms	A bride folds her arms at a beach.
a down while grinding Teenager teenagers watch. other railing skateboard	Teenager grinding skateboard down a railing while other teenagers watch.
a hair, boys wearing blonde Two shirts stripped with on bed.	Two boys with blonde hair, wearing stripped shirts on a bed.
A for someone man on the reaching grass.	A man reaching for someone on the grass.
leaps A dog ocean. the by	A dog leaps by the ocean.
pointing a a with one student on looking chalkboard person at	one person pointing at a chalkboard with a student looking on
recreation man trail. A bicycle his rides wearing a beret a on	A man wearing a beret rides his bicycle on a recreation trail.
his on back. teenager carries a boy a	a boy carries a teenager on his back.
A women. smiling of group	A group of smiling women.
seagulls A flying beach. flock the at of	A flock of seagulls flying at the beach.
outside white controller is airplane. Airplane	Airplane controller is outside white airplane.
stadium. A crowd of up packed people a fill	A crowd of people fill up a packed stadium.
goth camera. one wearing girls back Two clothing at looks the while trendy	Two girls wearing goth trendy clothing while one looks back at the camera.
children Three a sprinkler park. playing at are	Three children are playing at a sprinkler park.
a boy going water slide. A down	A boy going down a water slide.
towards young each A young walking a and other boy girl	A young boy and a young girl walking towards each other
small on top monkey. jumping another small is of A monkey	A small monkey is jumping on top of another small monkey.
jumping biker over wearing a One an helmet is obstacle.	One biker wearing a helmet is jumping over an obstacle.
from the dangling child at playground happy camera. A smiles equipment	A happy child dangling from playground equipment smiles at the camera.
fuzzy snow. A dog running gray through	A gray fuzzy dog running through snow.
raises in air. mitt girl her ponytailed in uniform the softball a A	A ponytailed girl in a softball uniform raises her mitt in the air.
while hug a couple other, toy tiger. each holding A	A couple hug each other, while holding a toy tiger.
jeans another watches. man reclines in A while	A man in jeans reclines while another watches.
wearing skirt. matching purple girl a is sash and A	A girl is wearing a purple sash and matching skirt.
high show. poles dog jumping over jump A at	A dog jumping over high jump poles at show.
on her feet A seats subway the with woman in a car. sites	A woman sites with her feet on the seats in a subway car.
the on in of young standing is A some boy ocean. steps front	A young boy is standing on some steps in front of the ocean.
snow, laying group the people while A of in another them. person jumps	A group of people laying in the snow, while another person jumps them.
fetching dog tan shallow a following large a black bowl. A dog	A black dog following a tan dog fetching a large shallow bowl.
laying grass football face his on the down A a at boy feet. with	A boy laying on the grass face down with a football at his feet.
the A jumping to bars. high dog clear	A dog jumping high to clear the bars.
stick a for to red a A dog throwing fetch. man	A man throwing a red stick for a dog to fetch.
girl standing on to chalkboard who writes man something the next is him. teach The to the	The man writes something on the chalkboard to teach the girl who is standing next to him.
with little plays a faucet. girl A	A little girl plays with a faucet.
boys in large the Two sticks yard. with play	Two boys play with large sticks in the yard.
belly woman possible a as with out dressed it. holds cloth beads dancer a A on	A possible woman dressed as a belly dancer holds out a cloth with beads on it.
A is a on girl hanging in bar metal park. a	A girl is hanging on a metal bar in a park.
snow the on night. A person at sleds	A person sleds on the snow at night.
shorts blue running a other holding and boys. cleats from boy weating young football A	A young boy weating blue shorts and cleats holding a football running from other boys.
dog behind a in grass, housing long A running it. development	A dog running in long grass, a housing development behind it.
woman skiing. a is black in outfit A and yellow	A woman in a yellow and black outfit is skiing.
near electronic Man a field and in holding visor sports polo shirt device	Man in visor and polo shirt holding electronic device near a sports field
and a scarf hat wearing in A stands crowd. a man	A man wearing a hat and scarf stands in a crowd.
in uniform guy basketball in uniform white Guy black away from dribbling	Guy in black uniform dribbling basketball away from guy in white uniform
crowd. in a in dress a blue stands woman A	A woman in a blue dress stands in a crowd.
snow. A a in dog the stick white catches	A white dog catches a stick in the snow.
path. is a girl on sandy A walking	A girl is walking on a sandy path.
floating dog to into pool jumps swimming some retrieve tennis a A balls.	A dog jumps into a swimming pool to retrieve some floating tennis balls.
is climbing. guy A rock	A guy is rock climbing.
opens wide. a red wearing hat mouth its dog A	A dog wearing a red hat opens its mouth wide.
on People a water. stand bridge over	People stand on a bridge over water.
up female DJ A a holds Michael album. Jackson	A female DJ holds up a Michael Jackson album.
who a looking face. a is black a in pulling in man a at man is shirt shirt a funny purple	a man in a purple shirt is looking at a man in a black shirt who is pulling a funny face.
sledding. Two go children	Two children go sledding.
man are a people. in woman a passing A red in of and costume crowd a bikini	A man in a red costume and woman in a bikini are passing a crowd of people.
in Four play uniform dressed boys football. young	Four young boys dressed in uniform play football.
of is boy a eating piece his chopsticks. sushi with little A	A little boy is eating a piece of sushi with his chopsticks.
middle of the is road bottle. a A down woman walking the carrying	A woman is walking down the middle of the road carrying a bottle.
A gets wet the kayaker in rapids.	A kayaker gets wet in the rapids.
something jacket by a jeans woman red a shepherd throws trees, to chase. Outside the and German wearing for	Outside by the trees, a woman wearing jeans and red jacket throws something for a German shepherd to chase.
half-completed stands igloo. inside boy A a	A boy stands inside a half-completed igloo.
A pool. dives into a smiling child	A smiling child dives into a pool.
snowboarder snow. performs jump a A clean, white on the	A snowboarder performs a jump on the clean, white snow.
little dress a red A tennis racket. flowered in with a girl	A little girl in a red flowered dress with a tennis racket.
ball in white to another uniform fend off and midair. man tries yellow in a sports the uniform while in a black floats A player	A man in a white sports uniform tries to fend off another player in a black and yellow uniform while the ball floats in midair.
stone near white grass the structure. Two in a and dogs brown	Two brown and white dogs in the grass near a stone structure.
man A in printed holding shirt drink. a a	A man in a printed shirt holding a drink.
are The a and by being people. of group bull observed rider	The bull and rider are being observed by a group of people.
a is a young brown girl a jacket A black toward man hair. long in microphone with holding	A man in a black jacket is holding a microphone toward a young girl with long brown hair.
ice players hockey Two	Two ice hockey players
on over a hill. A dirt a bike trick person doing a	A person on a dirt bike doing a trick over a hill.
a dogs are over brown line. running Two snow in	Two brown dogs are running over snow in a line.
at table, A person dressed in black a costume. a	A person at a table, dressed in a black costume.
man in the photo shirt the the on sidewalk. hugging The taking couple that a is red of is	The man in the red shirt is taking a photo of the couple that is hugging on the sidewalk.
rides and through white water. man blue surfboard a rough A	A man rides a surfboard through rough white and blue water.
hitting in the is girl A orange ball in hockey. field	A girl in orange is hitting the ball in field hockey.
mouth. apple his holds boy in green A a	A boy holds a green apple in his mouth.
an bus riding some people old	some people riding an old bus
ride Two together a on motorcycle people	Two people ride together on a motorcycle
snow dog Black through dog chasing brown	Black dog chasing brown dog through snow
in snow. A and the black dog brown playing	A brown and black dog playing in the snow.
a lake. standing in Two dogs	Two dogs standing in a lake.
with and water A trees white dog branches and runs the brown through around.	A brown and white dog runs through the water with trees and branches around.
a dress in shirt blue dances boy a in A courtyard.	A boy in a blue dress shirt dances in a courtyard.
stick. with swims A dog a white	A white dog swims with a stick.
building jumping beside bicycle off Person on hill cliff	Person jumping bicycle off cliff beside building on hill
the girl covering his little hand. face boy his with is next the to sitting	the little boy sitting next to the girl is covering his face with his hand.
by skies mountains a air are several and surrounded with people in watching the snow. There person	There are several people watching a person in the air with skies surrounded by mountains and snow.
jumping down from child a a jacket is A wearing yellow rock.	A child wearing a yellow jacket is jumping down from a rock.
Young in shoot baskets children field. the	Young children shoot baskets in the field.
skating in street. striped skateboarder A down shorts a	A skateboarder in striped shorts skating down a street.
chasing a ball grass. the multicolor after dog across A	A multicolor dog chasing after a ball across the grass.
wearing and Claus mask suit. a in a Santa A man	A man in a mask and wearing a Santa Claus suit.
splashes young the boy A in pool.	A young boy splashes in the pool.
A a with woman behind a woman the young street her. in down kimono walks hip	A hip young woman down the street with a woman in a kimono walks behind her.
are snow Three fence. a dogs the in in front of	Three dogs are in the snow in front of a fence.
in clothes walk Four dark direction. in the people same	Four people in dark clothes walk in the same direction.
women pose man for One and the camera. three	One man and three women pose for the camera.
through couple market. outdoor walking A an together young	A young couple walking together through an outdoor market.
at ready sit getting to eatery Man down.	Man at eatery getting ready to sit down.
dressed clothes Four dancing winter and colorful are street. on long the skirts women in	Four women dressed in long colorful skirts and winter clothes are dancing on the street.
through Two run outside. grass the dogs	Two dogs run through the grass outside.
a shirt red Pokemon a carrying wearing small red a man young box	a young man wearing a red Pokemon shirt carrying a small red box
wearing dogs running group of a race. A muzzles	A group of dogs wearing muzzles running a race.
hat scarf a to right. person wearing looks and the A	A person wearing a hat and scarf looks to the right.
casual place in atmosphere. Lecture takes	Lecture takes place in casual atmosphere.
wearing in tennis A a the tennis match. orange player of female middle	A female tennis player wearing orange in the middle of a tennis match.
a A rope. boy holding	A boy holding a rope.
man a holding puppies	a man holding puppies
on A biker a dirt aggitates wheeler. four dirt	A dirt biker aggitates dirt on a four wheeler.
the on blue grass. collar is a a brown running wearing dog	a brown dog wearing a blue collar is running on the grass.
is climbing up girl climbing A little a wall	A little girl is climbing up a climbing wall
A a woman restaurant. a and man outside standing	A man and a woman standing outside a restaurant.
young toys. children colourful with Three playing	Three young children playing with colourful toys.
of track. A the side blue the race on car	A blue race car on the side of the track.
has looking blue. a dog dumbbell person wearing in A mouth at black his the	A black dog has a dumbbell in his mouth looking at the person wearing blue.
house. multicolored flight a balloon bounce inside takes kid A	A kid takes flight inside a multicolored balloon bounce house.
snowboarder an jumps building. snow-covered A off old,	A snowboarder jumps off an old, snow-covered building.
throwing another water in at pool. girl A a girl is bucket a of	A girl is throwing a bucket of water at another girl in a pool.
surrounded open has dancing. mouth child is his and by adults The	The child has his mouth open and is surrounded by adults dancing.
man a and in city Santa A on suit wrestilng a mask. street	A man on a city street in a Santa suit and wrestilng mask.
man a skateboard. taking a A jump young on	A young man taking a jump on a skateboard.
riding and yellow wooded in wearing bike area. person a a and helmet outside a is white red A clothing	A person wearing a red helmet and yellow and white clothing is riding a bike outside in a wooded area.
a a water There is gun. kid spraying	There is a kid spraying a water gun.
Boy swing set. on swinging a	Boy swinging on a swing set.
off A vehicle small another man the while in back. a man hangs races	A man races in a small vehicle while another man hangs off the back.
the he parachute in onto that The crouched was the held breeze. as man caught down	The man crouched down as he held onto the parachute that was caught in the breeze.
on Small with the swing swinging in a background. trees child	Small child swinging on a swing with trees in the background.
A park bench shirtless a man dog. his on lies with	A shirtless man lies on a park bench with his dog.
camera, Little boy background. downhill gazebo at runs in	Little boy runs downhill at camera, gazebo in background.
to man block man. shorter The taller is trying the	The taller man is trying to block the shorter man.
in in mouth with water. shallow running his something dog A	A dog running with something in his mouth in shallow water.
adults on pose Two and two bench. children park a	Two adults and two children pose on a park bench.
singer background. with guitar a singing the on player in stange a	a singer singing on stange with a guitar player in the background.
award for stand and together something. receive Little kids an	Little kids stand together and receive an award for something.
ornaments. admiring woman colorful christmas A	A woman admiring colorful christmas ornaments.
back a a in man helps A man do another yard. flip	A man helps another man do a back flip in a yard.
Two kids are wrestling on sofa. a white	Two kids are wrestling on a white sofa.
a Two pose with snowman. couples	Two couples pose with a snowman.
Lots of during race. a ride cyclists	Lots of cyclists ride during a race.
out. a tongues dogs hill their up run with Two	Two dogs run up a hill with their tongues out.
event. Crowd a of at people formal	Crowd of people at a formal event.
a bike, doing bike off his rider A trick jumping	A bike rider jumping off his bike, doing a trick
the large a woman on a horse beach brown riding	a woman riding a large brown horse on the beach
Basketball a to to makes intercept. player other players try as shot	Basketball player makes a shot as other players to try to intercept.
and a Two building men playing next a guitar to drums.	Two men next to a building playing a guitar and drums.
while taking girls A school are pictures. standing together of one group is	A group of school girls are standing together while one is taking pictures.
air being playfully. A in thrown the child is	A child is being thrown in the air playfully.
man snow during shoveling is sunrise. a A	A man is shoveling snow during a sunrise.
flying background. a the with off sky in snowboarder a snow drift A colorful	A snowboarder flying off a snow drift with a colorful sky in the background.
with past another walks girl A teenage a cellphone.	A teenage girl walks past another with a cellphone.
with for a mountain a a jacket A is down blue while posing woman picture skiing	A woman with a blue jacket is posing for a picture while skiing down a mountain
boy jumps his high A on skateboard.	A boy jumps high on his skateboard.
while A young a child playing man girls a watch. harmonica a is guitar three with playing	A man is playing a guitar with a child playing a harmonica while three young girls watch.
is dog dog. brown on ground to submissive Black	Black dog is submissive on ground to brown dog.
man older in a and An tie suit, overcoat	An older man in a suit, tie and overcoat
camera. A arms with holds her another store in woman stands a woman a while out	A woman stands with her arms out in a store while another woman holds a camera.
man blue dressed in in standing snow. shirt, is white and This the on pants ledge a	This man dressed in white pants and blue shirt, is standing on a ledge in the snow.
wearing baby orange an is in onto jacket bonnet. a A a man green holding	A man wearing a green jacket is holding onto a baby in an orange bonnet.
around white on the rolling Brown grass. dog and	Brown and white dog rolling around on the grass.
race. dog leads in the number dog 8 wearing a A	A dog wearing the number 8 leads in a dog race.
with dances a man girl. A	A man dances with a girl.
A a posing near cliff woman	A woman posing near a cliff
a run A dog shoreline white an dog ocean brown and along	A brown dog and a white dog run along an ocean shoreline
in a girls girl setting. village primping third Two	Two girls primping a third girl in village setting.
near street. Two apples little the boys holding	Two little boys holding apples near the street.
area. grassy in a playing Dogs running and	Dogs running and playing in a grassy area.
camel ride water. near Two girls a young	Two young girls ride a camel near water.
bathing beach. suits in A a on couple walk	A couple in bathing suits walk on a beach.
Two playing are outside. dogs	Two dogs are playing outside.
a boat on of A the another boat water. from view	A view of a boat from another boat on the water.
a ramp. on young A skateboarder	A young skateboarder on a ramp.
black in snow. dog the jumps A	A black dog jumps in the snow.
climb large men two rock. a	two men climb a large rock.
dirt people on Two bicycles road their are riding a	Two people are riding their bicycles on a dirt road
catches while onlookers crowd closely. watches Frisbee of dog a agile An a	An agile dog catches a Frisbee while a crowd of onlookers watches closely.
Woman in white dribbling basketball.	Woman in white dribbling basketball.
snowboarder a is A snowy hill over jumping	A snowboarder is jumping over a snowy hill
in and in tie A is jumping young air. dress a the boy clothes	A young boy in dress clothes and a tie is jumping in the air.
jumped A has mouth. terrier ball a up red who his in	A terrier who jumped up has a red ball in his mouth.
beach huts. green blue in runs and Young on beach passes red boy and white,	Young boy in red runs on beach and passes white, blue and green beach huts.
bust large a down Buddha with walk past of backpacks boys street Young the	Young boys with backpacks walk down the street past a large bust of Buddha
red pulling a ends of with studded rag on on large white dogs black Two porch collars	Two large black dogs with red studded collars pulling on ends of a white rag on porch
person a up four in of lot dirt wheeler on dune. A is kicking a a	A person is on a four wheeler kicking up a lot of dirt in a dune.
a outcroping. a man next hill rock with backpack a A to on	A man with a backpack on a hill next to a rock outcroping.
gets serious air. snowboarder The	The snowboarder gets serious air.
over snow does in mountains. the high The a skier flip	The skier does a high flip over snow in the mountains.
wearing two stands and A person a cameras. sunglasses, boat	A person stands wearing sunglasses, a boat and two cameras.
gold up Woman holding medals her hands. two wearing	Woman wearing two gold medals holding up her hands.
ball as is number kicking seven ten Number watches. the	Number ten is kicking the ball as number seven watches.
play two dogs together.	two dogs play together.
watches. a Two third running while dogs large	Two large dogs running while a third watches.
A on paints a person characters banner. Asian	A person paints Asian characters on a banner.
biker in a Picture of of jump. midair	Picture of biker in midair of a jump.
little girl runs field. A in jeans across green the	A little girl in jeans runs across the green field.
blue on girls one are face. has her icing cake Two eating and	Two girls are eating cake and one has blue icing on her face.
body child edge a A near on buckets. young water of stands of black the	A young black child stands on the edge of a body of water near buckets.
dog a A in from water plays sprinkler.	A dog plays in water from a sprinkler.
on mountain. Two a climbers sit mountain	Two mountain climbers sit on a mountain.
one suit in green is child The a window. walking past the store piece	The child in the green one piece suit is walking past a store window.
child the man a ocean. pool swimming The near into tossed the	The man tossed a child into the swimming pool near the ocean.
hanging tongue in walks dog with grass the out. brown its A	A brown dog walks in the grass with its tongue hanging out.
is a dog The biting stick.	The dog is biting a stick.
headfirst the into long grass goes the from dog sand. A	A dog goes headfirst into the long grass from the sand.
up holding girls Two dress an event. a at	Two girls holding up a dress at an event.
colorful it. with creature on near A child a stage blue a	A child near a blue stage with a colorful creature on it.
on young Two water small it. boys waves with diving into headfirst	Two young boys diving headfirst into water with small waves on it.
photo tree. a A girl standing in posing a young for while	A young girl posing for a photo while standing in a tree.
through open. the is water mouth running with dog wide its A	A dog is running through the water with its mouth wide open.
covered a dead road young leaves. down child with gravel A runs	A young child runs down a gravel road covered with dead leaves.
a over jumping This hydrant. is skater	This skater is jumping over a hydrant.
brown Two other grapple dog each area. a sandy in	Two brown dog grapple each other in a sandy area.
is on snowboarding. cover man hill a A snow	A man on a snow cover hill is snowboarding.
on a lounge with Two dacshund. the wearing sunglasses ladies blonde grass	Two blonde ladies wearing sunglasses lounge on the grass with a dacshund.
of play with dogs brown Two harnesses green tug war.	Two brown dogs with green harnesses play tug of war.
beach. Two terrier the on dogs frolic	Two terrier dogs frolic on the beach.
child A dark. in holds sparklers the	A child holds sparklers in the dark.
in a person A is winter gear intersection. riding bike near an	A person in winter gear is riding a bike near an intersection.
float a A pond. in of middle of kids group the	A group of kids float in the middle of a pond.
a baseball boy small a swinging red bat shirt a wearing	a small boy wearing a red shirt swinging a baseball bat
men juggle in a Two mall. boxes Asian colored young	Two young Asian men juggle colored boxes in a mall.
a rope green black A pulling dog	A black dog pulling a green rope
diving pool. board A a jumps into girl of off a	A girl jumps off of a diving board into a pool.
jump making on motorcycle. Rider high	Rider making high jump on motorcycle.
search A at wearing a rescue jacket. a up man is jumping dog and	A dog is jumping up at a man wearing a search and rescue jacket.
through rows white man kayak blue a rapids. A water	A man rows a blue kayak through white water rapids.
A dog approaching brown red a and ball. black	A brown and black dog approaching a red ball.
dogs black its licks A brown nose.	A brown dogs licks its black nose.
trail through the a fall. in riding a the A man is on on bike woods	A man on a bike is riding on a trail through the woods in the fall.
An hill. off dirt vehicle road climbs over a	An off road vehicle climbs over a dirt hill.
helping a bicycle. man boy ride A a	A man helping a boy ride a bicycle.
into jumps boy pool. a a	a boy jumps into a pool.
backpacker near water standing dusk. A at	A backpacker standing near water at dusk.
the in jumping air with grass near white Black behind of pile on dog standing dog rocks.	Black dog jumping in the air with white dog standing on grass behind near pile of rocks.
waters. A man through is white kayaking some	A man is kayaking through some white waters.
the road down uniform in at woman A skates fair. the green	A woman in green uniform skates down the road at the fair.
with a A red child sash arts. martial practices	A child with a red sash practices martial arts.
crowded yellow lightly riding a in boy Little bicycle plaza.	Little boy riding yellow bicycle in a lightly crowded plaza.
with a next A pink black red standing and hot in to white a leotard girl and man black white and and a checkered writing a outfit. in cap is girl a in	A girl in a red and black leotard with white writing is standing next to a man in a cap and a girl in a hot pink and black and white checkered outfit.
at an event. woman signs A paperwork	A woman signs paperwork at an event.
A camera. cold-weather man a large holding in gear	A man in cold-weather gear holding a large camera.
A are and man woman staring into the ocean. a	A man and a woman are staring into the ocean.
some are girls talking flip a to Two using whilst chart younger children.	Two girls are using a flip chart whilst talking to some younger children.
in her A making girl face standing of a sad tricycle front	A girl making a sad face standing in front of her tricycle
with facial Man white wearing and hair style red headscarf. Palestinian	Man with facial hair wearing red and white Palestinian style headscarf.
dog across ran the The beach.	The dog ran across the beach.
on Small boy grass. stomach lying on the his	Small boy lying on his stomach on the grass.
performing two singing playing is guitars men while one each	two men performing each playing guitars while one is singing
stoic The a at stands face. attention with	The stands at attention with a stoic face.
an are trotting area. through Two dogs public black empty	Two black dogs are trotting through an empty public area.
a bat at a little ball. A boy is swinging	A little boy is swinging a bat at a ball.
whistle. and blowing makeup clothes A a white person in	A person in white makeup and clothes blowing a whistle.
blue a against shirt in better the at a look A presses for young glass boy desserts.	A young boy in a blue shirt presses against the glass for a better look at desserts.
of riding a roller upside people coaster group A down.	A group of people riding a roller coaster upside down.
beside a concrete A sidewalk group woman road. of a stands block a of picture on the people taking a on	A woman stands on a concrete block taking a picture of a group of people on a sidewalk beside the road.
arms standing boy grassy are with while standing behind field on raised is A his a others him.	A boy is standing on a grassy field with his arms raised while others are standing behind him.
in a group modern very A a balcony people setting. on standing of	A group of people standing on a balcony in a very modern setting.
masks. two whom Five are staring wearing same direction, of in people face the	Five people staring in the same direction, two of whom are wearing face masks.
dog the blonde through runs A grass.	A blonde dog runs through the grass.
slide small is A water boy riding a	A small boy is riding a water slide
sit by rocks bathing pink suit the little in on water. Two tops girls	Two little girls in pink bathing suit tops sit on rocks by the water.
a field old A child an is near small in grassy structure.	A small child is in a grassy field near an old structure.
wedding a little field in girl A a boy and after	A little girl and boy after a wedding in a field
tennis patch grass. in is fetching ball A of a a dog green	A dog is fetching a tennis ball in a patch of green grass.
on a near above walkway handrail. A urban boy is airborne bicycle an a	A boy is airborne on a bicycle above an urban walkway near a handrail.
while smiling is a doing girl A small handstand	A small girl is doing a handstand while smiling
the emerges The on from course. dog tunnel white the	The white dog emerges from the tunnel on the course.
another man on A in as works looks worker a blue hard-hat	A worker in a blue hard-hat looks on as another man works
playing by little boy tires. is The	The little boy is playing by tires.
dog has to jacket the Frisbee a pink for woman catch. thrown The wearing the	The woman wearing the pink jacket has thrown a Frisbee for the dog to catch.
the air foliage. near A is flying heron through	A heron is flying through the air near foliage.
item in has a The brown and mouth. white red its bog	The brown and white bog has a red item in its mouth.
field is coat and a onto a standing in A cellphone. woman tulips holding of	A woman is standing in a field of tulips holding onto a coat and cellphone.
girl climbing a climbing on A ledge.	A girl climbing on a climbing ledge.
a in kick flying boy a lited with shadows. room Little doing	Little boy doing a flying kick in a lited room with shadows.
a his A apple life has mouth. in boy wearing an jacket	A boy wearing a life jacket has an apple in his mouth.
in race. a horses jockeys racing Horse on	Horse jockeys racing on horses in a race.
of many with backgrounds. and street scene ages A people	A street scene with people of many ages and backgrounds.
of man poses buildings. outside A some	A man poses outside of some buildings.
dirt woods. down the path Cyclist in riding	Cyclist riding down dirt path in the woods.
boy young A some runs after chickens.	A young boy runs after some chickens.
player dribbling who the player defend ball. in basketball is in white against black trying the is to A	A basketball player in white is trying to defend against the player in black who is dribbling the ball.
small confetti woman's A puts on girl smiling a hair.	A small girl puts confetti on a smiling woman's hair.
Two front suits medal. in in of is men a wearing standing a one bus,	Two men in suits standing in front of a bus, one is wearing a medal.
shoes. white dog a woman by a is purple held with wearing A leash	A dog with a purple leash is held by a woman wearing white shoes.
person people. sweatshirt blue and a in near while aims crowd a jeans A of camera standing a	A person in jeans and a blue sweatshirt aims a camera while standing near a crowd of people.
man street. standing A on the	A man standing on the street.
basketball. two A referee basketball players playing watches	A referee watches two basketball players playing basketball.
water. couple the playing dogs in are A of	A couple of dogs are playing in the water.
green the out. A hanging tongue grass, dog in walks grey	A grey dog walks in the green grass, tongue hanging out.
white item The girl hand. in purple shirt a a and has her	The girl has a white shirt and a purple item in her hand.
Two bars girls playing the on playground. parallel at	Two girls playing on parallel bars at the playground.
eating watching. pasta, is while a person is dog A	A person is eating pasta, while a dog is watching.
a in Children playing outside fountain.	Children playing outside in a fountain.
catch Two to a trying ball softball players	Two softball players trying to catch a ball
basketball game. basket during a guard college The drives towards the	The guard drives towards the basket during a college basketball game.
from trying dogs their Three to get stick owner. a	Three dogs trying to get a stick from their owner.
with dogs beach man a A two on	A man with two dogs on a beach
pink climbs a A climb. young girl wearing a shirt rock	A young girl wearing a pink shirt climbs a rock climb.
slide another while on. ball Two slide a pit children down into looks a child	Two children slide down a slide into a ball pit while another child looks on.
Two looking small at child. a horses are	Two horses are looking at a small child.
muzzles. dogs Two track dog wearing around running are a	Two dogs are running around a dog track wearing muzzles.
a man who woman A kicking has helps up ball. a soccer after fallen	A man helps up a woman who has fallen after kicking a soccer ball.
mans lands bird a a glove. on	a bird lands on a mans glove.
on set. A boy pushes boy another a swing	A boy pushes another boy on a swing set.
beach the a ledge overlooks a man that lone sitting on	a lone man sitting on a ledge that overlooks the beach
a jumps A and dog black white over bar.	A black and white dog jumps over a bar.
Three a camera. into women looking are	Three women are looking into a camera.
water brown play Two shallow dogs in	Two brown dogs play in shallow water
with Four boys posing pumped for fists a picture	Four boys posing for a picture with pumped fists
to player A is while run the base the baseman trying ball. to a catches baseball	A baseball player is trying to run to a base while the baseman catches the ball.
man running walks While towards dog the along tree. fence, the the is a	While the man walks along the fence, a dog is running towards the tree.
legs and in in in the lone the flying a jumping sparks motorcyclist air with midair his background	a lone motorcyclist jumping in midair with his legs in the air and sparks flying in the background
in a a sitting plate a child A with front. mask on table at with	A child with a mask on sitting at a table with a plate in front.
little in a A pink laughs girl pool. suit by a bathing	A little girl in a pink bathing suit laughs by a pool.
sleeping his This man his on be head while resting to hand. appears	This man appears to be sleeping while resting his head on his hand.
of large on world a feels of man the formation. top top rock A on	A man feels on top of the world on top of a large rock formation.
a mini lady riding motorcycle A	A lady riding a mini motorcycle
with his black and a shorts top, parade. is guy in a walking gold in arms A gold outstretched chains,	A guy in gold chains, a black top, and gold shorts is walking with his arms outstretched in a parade.
newspapers. on People reading platform railway are standing a	People are standing on a railway platform reading newspapers.
on her another stands the while a girl one sidewalk. a on nech next to sitting near tree	one girl sitting on a nech near a tree while another stands next to her on the sidewalk.
group a baseball children while A boy watch. giant of kicks a	A boy kicks a giant baseball while a group of children watch.
camera. is man necklace starring a off with black A	A black man with a necklace is starring off camera.
garden black dog retriving object. lawn, an On is	On garden lawn, black dog is retriving an object.
person red snowboarding. A a in jacket	A person in a red jacket snowboarding.
next bench. to white a A running dog	A white dog running next to a bench.
people group down some of large street, banners. carrying or walking a flags A	A large group of people walking down a street, some carrying flags or banners.
Two dressed as women geishas.	Two women dressed as geishas.
playing boys in a Two grassy the soccer with a pond in a ball of field. young middle	Two young boys playing with a soccer ball in a pond in the middle of a grassy field.
a large man The restaurant. at grabs a seat	The large man grabs a seat at a restaurant.
on off skateboard tricks ramp. man a does A his	A man does tricks on his skateboard off a ramp.
scenic in hat man a at overlook. a A	A man in a hat at a scenic overlook.
bench. sit people on a two park	two people sit on a park bench.
are baseball Two playing children	Two children are playing baseball
top the The helmet. a is and wearing in pink bikini safety purple woman	The woman in the purple bikini and pink top is wearing a safety helmet.
green at top Three the wearing and of slide. a pants tan shirts boys pose	Three boys wearing green shirts and tan pants pose at the top of a slide.
plays black, in A ski with dressed mask, guitar. all man a	A man with a ski mask, dressed all in black, plays guitar.
man running a playing red men wearing some socks other with	a man wearing red socks playing running with some other men
a steep speeding boy down A slide.	A boy speeding down a steep slide.
small wall bicycle a graffiti. a trick with on on covered A man performing a	A man on a small bicycle performing a trick on a wall covered with graffiti.
in mouth. stick in swimming water his is a with the dog A	A dog is swimming in the water with a stick in his mouth.
in white, a person is slope. down black A a coat skiing red and	A person in a white, black and red coat is skiing down a slope.
leading water. climbing A child a over to chain is open	A child is climbing over a chain leading to open water.
purple the jumping to Frisbee. catch is whilst brown dog a in air A trying	A brown dog is jumping in the air whilst trying to catch a purple Frisbee.
baked into a good. biting child A	A child biting into a baked good.
with boy young blue board. a body A	A young boy with a blue body board.
bicycle. a A holding on to the air in person	A person in the air holding on to a bicycle.
person the cold on sunny enjoys deck day. on sitting The but elderly	The elderly person enjoys sitting on the deck on cold but sunny day.
a tree are skating ice with and People onlookers buildings around nearby.	People are ice skating around a tree with onlookers and buildings nearby.
bares another head his brown brown dog and white white of the grabs and teeth and dog. A	A brown and white dog bares his teeth and grabs the head of another brown and white dog.
of leash. white dog brown black that is the is sniffing the a on butt dog The and	The black and white dog is sniffing the butt of the brown dog that is on a leash.
Two a hill. ride down bicyclists	Two bicyclists ride down a hill.
on building. a a is red bench A and staring sitting near woman	A woman is sitting and staring on a red bench near a building.
in are playing fountains water kids	kids are playing in water fountains
the three on stand children pedestal.	three children stand on the pedestal.
the in A desert. family	A family in the desert.
standing rocks is of hiker by path. the A on mound a	A hiker is standing by a mound of rocks on the path.
runs shorthaired A through dog grass. high brown	A brown shorthaired dog runs through high grass.
in a covered front in young ink door. boy A of stands white	A young boy covered in ink stands in front of a white door.
puddle. fight over Two a in a that's dogs ball	Two dogs fight over a ball that's in a puddle.
a a A big pink and blue black ball dog another a and oversized young red in on. wetsuit flip looks red to while flops dog little presents girl	A young girl in a pink and blue wetsuit and oversized red flip flops presents a little red ball to a big black dog while another dog looks on.
in steep rock climbing The is hardhat gal rock. yellow up the the	The gal in the yellow hardhat is rock climbing up the steep rock.
baby at A a a kissing marathon. man	A man kissing a baby at a marathon.
man poses drink holding woman. a a A with	A man holding a drink poses with a woman.
child on A her head. is standing	A child is standing on her head.
players hockey ice. the Two fall on	Two hockey players fall on the ice.
of pillow-fight. have a kids A group	A group of kids have a pillow-fight.
dog barking	dog barking
brown trick is skateboard. on doing boy A shirt his in a a	A boy in a brown shirt is doing a trick on his skateboard.
playing A of group with props children	A group of children playing with props
in the away dogs run the short Two trees. camera from tri-colored	Two tri-colored short dogs run away from the camera in the trees.
glasses A white man shirts in a dark and and smiling. woman	A man and a woman in white shirts and dark glasses smiling.
background. with sunset A in boy the a jumping	A boy jumping with a sunset in the background.
white dog and the brown leaping is air. through A	A white and brown dog is leaping through the air.
The head. bench a blue the covering on sitting his blanket has man	The man sitting on the blue bench has a blanket covering his head.
in is rock an opening face. the squeezing A through person	A person is squeezing through an opening in the rock face.
the Three in are dogs snow.	Three dogs are in the snow.
sunset. on at beach Dog shadow in	Dog in shadow on beach at sunset.
jumpsuits in objects Twome throw air sync. in the black women in	Twome women in black jumpsuits throw objects in the air in sync.
her hand an lone usual on in with woman green a bench a sitting cup	a lone woman sitting on an usual green bench with a cup in her hand
the two is folded something of A at person man while room. the the behind one is with him jumping standing beds his looking arms onto in	A man is standing with his arms folded looking at something while the person behind him is jumping onto one of the two beds in the room.
to with sidewalk city a backs a are the a in camera. and coat silver their man on woman A	A man and a woman in a silver coat are on a city sidewalk with their backs to the camera.
a river. are Some beside people in watery the pool sitting	Some people are sitting in a watery pool beside the river.
playing. band and singing Four members	Four band members singing and playing.
a walking Two wooden on water. pier children over	Two children walking on a wooden pier over water.
grinding The in is snowboarder snow. rail the on silver nighttime a	The snowboarder is grinding on a silver rail in the nighttime snow.
by military A walking is are a passing line away. of soldier who trucks	A line of military trucks are passing by a soldier who is walking away.
in jumping A snow. dog tire the black over tracks	A black dog jumping over tire tracks in the snow.
camping a People are group. in	People are camping in a group.
hats. couple through water wearing guys hard A splash	A couple guys splash through water wearing hard hats.
front picture The face. holding of person is their in a	The person is holding a picture in front of their face.
are of the as wading off Two water. water the the people cascades sun in	Two people are wading in the water as the sun cascades off of the water.
fighting karate girls Two	Two girls karate fighting
cyclist a the air. A in does flip	A cyclist does a flip in the air.
girl hold A in a smiling animal. furry orange	A smiling girl in orange hold a furry animal.
wearing coat. winter a is in snow, are the dogs Three and one	Three dogs are in the snow, and one is wearing a winter coat.
a gun. squirts squirt boy a	a boy squirts a squirt gun.
girl A and a cake. a birthday man a with baby holding	A man holding a baby with a girl and a birthday cake.
bright wearing a dog green A jacket.	A dog wearing a bright green jacket.
running on greyhound are dogs towards track. camera a	greyhound dogs are running towards camera on a track.
blue in in a sitting grass. sweater the A is dog	A dog in a blue sweater is sitting in the grass.
clothing. A colored smiling Christmas child with	A smiling child with Christmas colored clothing.
second, and a stand on pedestal first, indicating third children Three place.	Three children stand on a pedestal indicating first, second, and third place.
the a The helps boy ride bike. man	The man helps the boy ride a bike.
walk past. man as a other black men hat is A smiling a street on and woman wearing	A man wearing a black hat is smiling on a street as other men and woman walk past.
something the People onto floor. through on while to window holding trying second get ropes a	People holding onto ropes while trying to get something through a window on the second floor.
People beach. riding horses the on	People riding horses on the beach.
a front in a fence. rides white her girl of bike red A in dress	A girl in a red dress rides her bike in front of a white fence.
in above jumping midair grass. dog A	A dog jumping in midair above grass.
A another dog yellow dog carries follows. a while white toy	A white dog carries a yellow toy while another dog follows.
A blond Groucho girl glasses. Marx earring	A blond girl earring Groucho Marx glasses.
two of children red field in a poppies	two children in a field of red poppies
A together. of girls walking are dark-haired group	A group of dark-haired girls are walking together.
girls black three white shirts smiling wearing	three black girls wearing white shirts smiling
couple kisses. A	A couple kisses.
seen by recently is a on itself snowfall. beach dog playing A that has	A dog is playing by itself on a beach that has recently seen snowfall.
orange man in shirt playing tennis. an A	A man in an orange shirt playing tennis.
children hay playing in Three	Three children playing in hay
snowy each other face come in dogs three to with face a field.	three dogs come face to face with each other in a snowy field.
field. the horses are Jockeys racing green on their	Jockeys are racing their horses on the green field.
location. tourist a poses A man outside	A man poses outside a tourist location.
chasing dog A ball. light is a after brown	A light brown dog is chasing after a ball.
the snow. in dog A	A dog in the snow.
Two with white a dimly gloves men box boxing in rink. lit	Two men with white gloves box in a dimly lit boxing rink.
climbing man harness. noticable no A with is rock	A man is rock climbing with no noticable harness.
and on the trees large sit park Two a bench building admiring people face. they	Two people sit on a park bench admiring the trees and large building they face.
with collar dog A a on its out a with runs tongue path. and tag	A dog with a collar and tag runs with its tongue out on a path.
A in jumping boy plays shirt blue a a tent. in	A boy in a blue shirt plays in a jumping tent.
man working Crowd behind projector	Crowd behind man working projector
A his wallride a bike guy doing on	A guy doing a wallride on his bike
a her shirt back red is a a There leaning to woman against a wall him. in shirtless with man and	There is a shirtless man leaning against a wall and a woman in a red shirt with her back to him.
is stripes swinging. crossbones and white a A t-shirt wearing skull smiling with and child	A smiling child wearing a white t-shirt with stripes and skull and crossbones is swinging.
man fishes. A	A man fishes.
gowns formal together Four wearing smile. pose woman and	Four woman wearing formal gowns pose together and smile.
sits on of Toddler rocks. a pile	Toddler sits on a pile of rocks.
field tall a a grassy fence. across dog A by is black running	A black dog is running across a grassy field by a tall fence.
behind it. trail leaves colorful smoke aerobatic coiled of a plane A	A colorful aerobatic plane leaves a coiled trail of smoke behind it.
jersey in and yellow a dirt on track. running dog Greyhound	Greyhound dog in yellow jersey and running on a dirt track.
while them. white playing white black are two dog and dog a black towards A more move and dogs	A white dog and a black and white dog are playing while two more black dogs move towards them.
with Mohawk a sunglasses. and boy A	A boy with a Mohawk and sunglasses.
in of course is front running tents. The a blue little dog red	The little red dog is running a course in front of blue tents.
The big at brown grass. the small black dog dog looks tall in	The big brown dog looks at the small black dog in tall grass.
headset. shorts street jogging a A with a along man in is	A man in shorts is jogging along a street with a headset.
small swing girl A in toddler a	A small girl in a toddler swing
shop are at booths background. in shown with a a carnival doughnut the The game	The game booths at a carnival are shown with a doughnut shop in the background.
bike graffiti on rides A the drawn ground. his person over	A person rides his bike over graffiti drawn on the ground.
playground. boy A at swings the little	A little boy swings at the playground.
the two sand handing of little in to girl a black The one is the ball dogs.	The little girl in the sand is handing a ball to one of the two black dogs.
the fish a has larger dog mouth. Two dogs walk snow, in his in the	Two dogs walk in the snow, the larger dog has a fish in his mouth.
the dogs gate leaving a group in a race of greyhound	a group of greyhound dogs in a race leaving the gate
Two are dogs playing in grass. together the	Two dogs are playing together in the grass.
a men backpack. Two and	Two men and a backpack.
teams towards Two basketball are the is hoop. one man as driving playing	Two teams are playing basketball as one man is driving towards the hoop.
A an her riding down raised with girl slide. inflatable arms	A girl with her arms raised riding down an inflatable slide.
sky. on An bike riding a many visible trails beach the with in adult a vapour	An adult riding a bike on a beach with many visible vapour trails in the sky.
A in is running the black snow. poodle	A black poodle is running in the snow.
boy blows shirt in bubbles Little plaid outdoors.	Little boy in plaid shirt blows bubbles outdoors.
A standing long-necked by bird river rocks rapids. on	A long-necked bird standing on rocks by river rapids.
bounding A people across watching. sandy landscape of front in the dog	A dog bounding across the sandy landscape in front of people watching.
standing a a on woman A smiling. busy city street man and	A woman and a man standing on a busy city street smiling.
barriers stands Man a between concrete donut shop. near	Man stands between concrete barriers near a donut shop.
trick person air in a skateboard. a the does A on	A person does a trick in the air on a skateboard.
woman dressed A a are well picture. posing man and for	A well dressed man and woman are posing for a picture.
ramp. cyclist a graffiti A covered a is on performing jump	A cyclist is performing a jump on a graffiti covered ramp.
fluffy toy. is and white dog A a jumping catching	A white fluffy dog is jumping and catching a toy.
a red shorts, in on Speedo, in a boy boy little black running and all are A beach. boy the grey shorts in a	A little boy in red shorts, a boy in a black Speedo, and a boy in grey shorts are all running on the beach.
preparing run it. with A is dog from away interacting to a person	A dog is preparing to run away from a person interacting with it.
field black through dog a a running grassy	a black dog running through a grassy field
the play a in grey A brown dog and grass. dog	A brown dog and a grey dog play in the grass.
off jump skateboarder a ramp. a makes A	A skateboarder makes a jump off a ramp.
girl through is A in a pink puddle. large jacket a walking	A girl in a pink jacket is walking through a large puddle.
a a hat wearing dusty walking pink on a girl sheep beside is a path.	a girl wearing a pink hat is walking beside a sheep on a dusty path.
dogs, white with one in sand. Two one black, play other the each and	Two dogs, one white and one black, play with each other in the sand.
yellow white walks dog through tube. a small A	A small white dog walks through a yellow tube.
in young girl a dress street A the a camera. along runs toward	A young girl in a dress runs along a street toward the camera.
next a Woman street. near telephone public the standing to	Woman standing next to a public telephone near the street.
is Frisbee. a a carrying dog There	There is a dog carrying a Frisbee.
while him. behind a sleeps tiger pets boy tiger sleeping A another	A boy pets a sleeping tiger while another tiger sleeps behind him.
a to mouth. are a path, one blue a with walking tied object Two its red in rugged rope dogs on	Two dogs are walking on a rugged path, one with a blue rope tied to a red object in its mouth.
The riding performing and skateboard is trick. a man a young	The young man is riding a skateboard and performing a trick.
a with a dog in collar area. wooded running A yellow	A yellow dog with a collar running in a wooded area.
boat setting. outdoor among boat an orange blue lilypads in A and float	A blue boat and orange boat float among lilypads in an outdoor setting.
Booths carnival at a	Booths at a carnival
before ambulance. an stand people Two	Two people stand before an ambulance.
A a down board hill snowboarder pink near covered snow trees. a with jumping	A snowboarder with a pink board jumping down a snow covered hill near trees.
looks railing the over into water. a A man	A man looks over a railing into the water.
building the staring of blue window out with shutters. Children a red are	Children are staring out the window of a blue building with red shutters.
camera A a ice. with on crouching man	A man with a camera crouching on ice.
woman through and A running grassy a a brown dog. with black area	A woman running through a grassy area with a brown and black dog.
and A in a girl stick. with girl coat coat jumping brown is a the holding the is red	A girl with a red coat is jumping and the girl in the brown coat is holding a stick.
on person a a snow. sled Dogs are the in pulling	Dogs are pulling a person on a sled in the snow.
man on photos the A edge. takes water's	A man takes photos on the water's edge.
Cross-country forest. through a snowy traveling skiers are	Cross-country skiers are traveling through a snowy forest.
sled, by a A a away, dog followed a blue small running carrying boy jacket, red in	A boy in a blue jacket, carrying a red sled, running away, followed by a small dog
A guy behind boat. waterskiing a	A guy waterskiing behind a boat.
through grass the its in A dog mouth. runs holding something brown	A brown dog runs through the grass holding something in its mouth.
attempts kick another blocks kick. while fighter other fighter A the his to fighter	A fighter attempts to kick another fighter while the other fighter blocks his kick.
goalie at boy a soccer A game. plays	A boy plays goalie at a soccer game.
in wave. the awaiting up line water Surfers the next	Surfers line up in the water awaiting the next wave.
skater A a air through the near railing leaps	A skater leaps through the air near a railing
colorful A pit a of little plays balls. in girl	A little girl plays in a pit of colorful balls.
face large its rubs grass. dog A in the	A large dog rubs its face in the grass.
african-american girls three the smile for young camera.	three young african-american girls smile for the camera.
boy fountain. and by toddler boy stand water A a a	A boy and a toddler boy stand by a water fountain.
who is man eye glasses. holds A holding baby a	A man holds a baby who is holding eye glasses.
and board A diving pool jumps the off below. into the kid swimming	A kid jumps off the diving board and into the swimming pool below.
White outside. walking dog	White dog walking outside.
ball. sitting A in grass black brown with a colorful dog	A black dog sitting in brown grass with a colorful ball.
another the coated curly dog at water. looking dog A in	A curly coated dog looking at another dog in the water.
the sings the on park, leaves tree. girl the behind swing A the in set of	A girl sings on the swing set in the park, behind the leaves of the tree.
outfit racing helmet in is a skiing position. a ski Person a squat in while and	Person in a racing ski outfit and a helmet is skiing while in a squat position.
wig standing wearing a pink the Girl shore beach. a on of	Girl wearing a pink wig standing on the shore of a beach.
a a down bridge across are running children Two lake.	Two children are running down a bridge across a lake.
on This beach. is walking family the	This family is walking on the beach.
blue a wearing raft are helmets sitting and on paddles. A group children of carrying	A group of children are sitting on a raft wearing blue helmets and carrying paddles.
dogs outside. two The are	The two dogs are outside.
seen Some as in the street building at from night. people	Some people in building as seen from the street at night.
bike. A rides a naked man	A naked man rides a bike.
jumps into pool. a in pink and from a diving board young girl A bathing suit a yellow	A young girl in a pink and yellow bathing suit jumps from a diving board into a pool.
of in visible playing rugby distance. group in field houses A men are with the a	A group of men are playing rugby in a field with houses visible in the distance.
behind a her her. screen woman the A air arms smiles with with in	A woman with her arms in the air smiles with a screen behind her.
orange A a man pickup vest an leans in truck. over	A man in an orange vest leans over a pickup truck.
people of down walk red street the A group flags. carrying	A group of people walk down the street carrying red flags.
leaping a a a in jersey ball blue in and is jersey. white A a to and yellow from player man get black	A man in a black and white jersey is leaping to get a ball from a player in a blue and yellow jersey.
Man with sculpture an ice	Man with an ice sculpture
in a race runner female A	A female runner in a race
and black in a back. tank on tattoo her woman top pink pants displays A the	A woman in pink pants and a black tank top displays the tattoo on her back.
for another arm man picture they a man as a puts his around pose	a man puts his arm around another man as they pose for a picture
throwing baseball. player Baseball the	Baseball player throwing the baseball.
in a with near. standing A air jumps dog the lady	A dog jumps in the air with a lady standing near.
whilst black dog a show. part taking a is jumping white dog in over fence a	a black dog is jumping over a white fence whilst taking part in a dog show.
looking at with menus at two women table waiter	two women looking at menus with waiter at table
around of balloon inflating. hot air a the process People gathered in	People gathered around a hot air balloon in the process of inflating.
dog leaving tent. blue-striped White	White dog leaving blue-striped tent.
in and yellow A a blue, loop plane red, air. the does	A blue, red, and yellow plane does a loop in the air.
running small the grass purple a coat. wearing a brown is green and dog across	a small brown dog is running across the grass wearing a purple and green coat.
next fence stands brown a chain link dog nearby. dog running a darker to is while A	A brown dog is running next to a chain link fence while a darker dog stands nearby.
another for yellow ball below leaps as high dog Dog waits grass. on	Dog leaps high for yellow ball as another dog waits below on grass.
up the are walking either of people people old and in buildings Two them kissing with on background. side	Two people are kissing with old buildings on either side of them and people walking up in the background.
of boys tug on chair to reaches war while one left Two out playing	Two boys playing tug of war while one reaches out to chair on left
the in and a is A white blue shorts shirt in street. standing child	A child in white shorts and a blue shirt is standing in the street.
woman bushes. of brunette front Young smiling in	Young brunette woman smiling in front of bushes.
carrying street down a the bags couple walking	a couple walking down the street carrying bags
hands man with his on white is surfboard a upraised. surfing A	A man is surfing on a white surfboard with his hands upraised.
grass. jumping a the brown dog through	a brown dog jumping through the grass.
men are Two woman subway a sitting and one in train.	Two men and one woman are sitting in a subway train.
A red in a runs beach with his a with string on toy dog mouth. the	A dog runs on the beach with a red toy with a string in his mouth.
Football the mud. players playing in	Football players playing in the mud.
reds boy the and in foreground, in yellows cards cards additional UNO in holding background. young with Three the a	Three UNO cards in reds and yellows in the foreground, with a young boy holding additional cards in the background.
blue collar a dog with black sitting A carpet. is on beige	A black dog with a blue collar is sitting on beige carpet.
taking. A young and excited picture baby his brother about boy get	A young boy and his baby brother get excited about picture taking.
with steps on outdoors. is sitting woman a A hat straw	A woman with a straw hat is sitting on steps outdoors.
Two people elaborate wearing street. attire in a	Two people wearing elaborate attire in a street.
is dog the on face. dog biting A pitbull another	A pitbull dog is biting another dog on the face.
a white t-shirt A woman points at a in geyser.	A woman in a white t-shirt points at a geyser.
terrorizes the in bull an sand. tire terrier old A	A bull terrier terrorizes an old tire in the sand.
officer of in a the a parade police middle	a police officer in the middle of a parade
ball the A the in in player white to player brown baseball waiting intercept. as for is swings	A baseball player in white swings for the ball as the player in brown is waiting to intercept.
beach. on a a a after boy young young running girl	a young boy running after a young girl on a beach.
stands mountains. snow A near the the on man	A man stands on the snow near the mountains.
being rail. down a towed A water boarder water	A water boarder being towed down a water rail.
a ". A man " ? asking you Where wall walking are reads	A man walking reads a wall asking " Where are you ? ".
A out tongue with towards and the his mouth dog brown open. bolts camera,	A brown dog bolts towards the camera, with his tongue out and mouth open.
dog. red its is near with smooth a A down in hurrying another and a object grass mouth path dog	A dog with a red object in its mouth is hurrying down a smooth path near grass and another dog.
dressed talk in each Two people other. to costumes	Two people dressed in costumes talk to each other.
muzzled A following. a with in dog race, four dogs	A muzzled dog in a race, with four dogs following.
a sack Two are in race. girls	Two girls are in a sack race.
mouth its A dog opened. with	A dog with its mouth opened.
A and is hoop. through black black a dog white jumping and white	A black and white dog is jumping through a black and white hoop.
child adult motorcycle. a police on and sitting An a	An adult and a child sitting on a police motorcycle.
people ride motorcycles. in black leather Two	Two people in black leather ride motorcycles.
man is holding and is a rocks standing and A water by stick.	A man is standing by rocks and water and is holding a stick.
white hat a bull. cowboy a with is riding man a There	There is a man with a white cowboy hat riding a bull.
boys two a are A man bouncing trampoline. and on	A man and two boys are bouncing on a trampoline.
lady A stands of market. a outside Mexican	A lady stands outside of a Mexican market.
There signs of the the on are blue two street. corner	There are two blue signs on the corner of the street.
dressed blue a person in back A flip. performing	A person dressed in blue performing a back flip.
at on young rocky water. beach stands the looking girl A a	A young girl stands on a rocky beach looking at the water.
playing A kid in swimming pool. a	A kid playing in a swimming pool.
mouth dog stick a woods. the in large its A in holds	A dog holds a large stick in its mouth in the woods.
and has snow the mouth. something There dogs are one two in in his	There are two dogs in the snow and one has something in his mouth.
A sitting transportation. on man public	A man sitting on public transportation.
the in faces on swan dock brown dog a water. white A a	A brown dog on a dock faces a white swan in the water.
the dog. brown biting white white of dog A and a and is grey ear	A grey and white dog is biting the ear of a white and brown dog.
pavement. leaping dog on A	A dog leaping on pavement.
group some carrying campus, walking of students books. on A	A group of students walking on campus, some carrying books.
males HELL. board a stand that Two by says	Two males stand by a board that says HELL.
girl is young a tree. standing The in	The young girl is standing in a tree.
performing. A marching band	A marching band performing.
during ball boys a a game. after soccer Two run	Two boys run after a soccer ball during a game.
the walking Dogs field. in grassy	Dogs walking in the grassy field.
examine Two each a in dogs field. other	Two dogs examine each other in a field.
in lake. A a child	A child in a lake.
a red woman wearing sidewalk. a playing violin A on	A woman wearing red playing a violin on a sidewalk.
the Two grass. running dogs through	Two dogs running through the grass.
young riding A a purple is bike. child	A young child is riding a purple bike.
and dog dirt. collar wearing black the red a is in white A digging	A black and white dog wearing a red collar is digging in the dirt.
player rugby another. tackling A	A rugby player tackling another.
running top and are on hill. woman jumping A of man a and a	A man and a woman are running and jumping on top of a hill.
newspaper African-American the man shop. beer and in reading drinking An a	An African-American man reading the newspaper and drinking beer in a shop.
A in smile while in a cars. and blue man woman next a white shirt walking shirt to a	A man in a blue shirt and a woman in a white shirt smile while walking next to cars.
wrapping. cap white while shirt, holding white in A wearing a and man checkered red a gloves, baseball blue dressed food	A man dressed in a white shirt, blue baseball cap while wearing gloves, holding a red and white checkered food wrapping.
tricks. in skateboard room darkened man performing A a	A man in a darkened room performing skateboard tricks.
man wearing holding a a shirt. blue a closeup baby A of	A closeup of a man holding a baby wearing a blue shirt.
music people outdoors. performing Four	Four people performing music outdoors.
white white holding black Baby in flag. and outfit	Baby in white outfit holding black and white flag.
her with hat, dress a The woman on the head her on sits and hands. steps, wearing	The woman wearing a dress and hat, sits on the steps, with her head on her hands.
between man A formations. rock squeezes two	A man squeezes between two rock formations.
crowd rope Man looks on. over as black jumps a in	Man in black jumps over a rope as crowd looks on.
snowy play landscape. dogs Three run jump, and the in	Three dogs jump, run and play in the snowy landscape.
run and dogs scrubby Three on picnic nearby. lake grass, a table	Three dogs run on scrubby grass, a lake and picnic table nearby.
girl red sliding a playground. young at A down slide yellow dressed a in curvy,	A young girl dressed in yellow sliding down a curvy, red slide at a playground.
and Small dog playing field. in the Large	Small and Large dog playing in the field.
couch laugh. People a on sitting	People sitting on a couch laugh.
ball holds white its tennis in a a A mouth field. in dog	A white dog holds a tennis ball in its mouth in a field.
small socks, white and wearing a skirt red red top. in The pigtails girl a is	The small girl in pigtails is wearing red socks, a red skirt and a white top.
woman two hair their different wearing outside. scarfs colored over	two woman wearing different colored scarfs over their hair outside.
has A another man. the of bald on shoulder hand man	A bald man has hand on the shoulder of another man.
a course obstacle is and jumping A fence. dog white over blue	A dog is jumping over a blue and white obstacle course fence.
the making it off-roading woods A in trails with Jeep dirty. muddy goes	A Jeep goes off-roading in the woods with muddy trails making it dirty.
Catcher base. on making the ground, runner	Catcher on the ground, runner making base.
playing white wearing shirt a a and the pink on a woman dog beach with tan	a woman wearing a pink shirt playing with a tan and white dog on the beach
sitting the players ground. football Many on	Many football players sitting on the ground.
change A the muffs " ear paper that holds a cover. on woman with says real "	A woman with ear muffs holds a paper that says " real change " on the cover.
whistle. small A girl blows a	A small girl blows a whistle.
slide. down a boy goes A	A boy goes down a slide.
shields and second a a boy shirt boy eyes. pointing blue and shirt white his a in white A in is up	A boy in a blue and white shirt is pointing up and a second boy in a white shirt shields his eyes.
shopping. An looks old people at man	An old man looks at people shopping.
diving Two blue scuba ocean. in are people the	Two people are scuba diving in the blue ocean.
in Three jumping leaves. kids	Three kids jumping in leaves.
a prepares over go ramp. A snowboarder to	A snowboarder prepares to go over a ramp.
or window. exhibit admires store A child an	A child admires an exhibit or store window.
A man dune reaching a to sky. and sand standing the on	A man standing on a sand dune and reaching to the sky.
with dressed blue in on a a store. front shopping A and a in tooth missing riding shirt cart grocery a girl skirt young plaid	A young girl with a front tooth missing dressed in a plaid skirt and blue shirt riding on a shopping cart in a grocery store.
A smiling. with girl black closeup of hair a curly	A closeup of a girl with curly black hair smiling.
tree. grey blue mottled black in a dog over A and a jumping collar fallen	A mottled black and grey dog in a blue collar jumping over a fallen tree.
woman is rock. blue up big A a in climbing	A woman in blue is climbing up a big rock.
spread with A floor. diapers sits the toddler around	A toddler sits with diapers spread around the floor.
a brown blue near jacket water. woman rides pony a in A	A woman in a blue jacket rides a brown pony near water.
on a A track. rides man a motorcycle	A man rides a motorcycle on a track.
the red snow. blonde A backpack woman with in a	A blonde woman with a red backpack in the snow.
out A surfer wave. a rides	A surfer rides out a wave.
A top blue is blowing fat wearing soap faint bubble. woman	A fat woman wearing faint blue top is blowing soap bubble.
football other with reaches mouthguards the boys is for one and Two a him. holding while	Two boys with mouthguards and one is holding a football while the other reaches for him.
is jump snowboarder in a of middle in hill. clothed the snowy red from A a	A snowboarder clothed in red is in the middle of a jump from a snowy hill.
own A black mouth. brown licks dog a its with collar	A brown dog with a black collar licks its own mouth.
dog a street A in together. black white play dog the and	A black dog and a white dog play in the street together.
long a a in A mouth. its ball lawn haired with yellow runs across dog	A long haired dog runs across a lawn with a yellow ball in its mouth.
snow. Skiiers the in race	Skiiers race in the snow.
to right. people the on a and beach look stand Two	Two people stand on a beach and look to the right.
is going man unicycle. The stairs down on a	The man is going down stairs on a unicycle.
young does haired, skateboarder bearded skateboarding stunt a long a surface. on A	A long haired, bearded young skateboarder does a stunt on a skateboarding surface.
dogs other lawn. a toward each on leap Two grassy	Two dogs leap toward each other on a grassy lawn.
sitting curb. while girls cob enjoy on corn on the a Two	Two girls enjoy corn on the cob while sitting on a curb.
Three playing on dogs grass.	Three dogs playing on grass.
about A and to watermelon eat juice. girl drink	A girl about to eat watermelon and drink juice.
for pulled cold A with waterskier on. being dressed life the a jacket	A waterskier being pulled dressed for the cold with a life jacket on.
dog a standing is in toilet. of a yellow next and green car to A front	A yellow dog is standing in front of a green car and next to a toilet.
white dress woman fur in Asian traditional collar and	Asian woman in traditional dress and white fur collar
in rocking standing girl is a on blue playground. The wearing toy the wooden the coat	The girl wearing a blue coat is standing on the wooden rocking toy in the playground.
men Three stand area. in glass a	Three men stand in a glass area.
at young table a A eats. and girl sits	A young girl sits at a table and eats.
boat rows A against a man sky. night a	A man rows a boat against a night sky.
rollerskating around area. competitively women an Four	Four women competitively rollerskating around an area.
in the people a hillside. view Two from take	Two people take in the view from a hillside.
in trick. is midair a A biker bmx attempting	A bmx biker is in midair attempting a trick.
horse a and fence outdoors. rider A jumping	A rider and horse jumping a fence outdoors.
with in a stone background. A and cloudy the atop on knit with a hiker in jacket sky backpack a cap sits a	A hiker in a jacket and knit cap sits with a backpack on atop a stone with a cloudy sky in the background.
jumps air dress girl wearing A the playground equipment. pink through a over young	A young girl wearing a pink dress jumps through the air over playground equipment.
man dog. young the of neck A a scratches	A young man scratches the neck of a dog.
Two men bottle to soda. a talking black man in holding uniforms a of	Two men in black uniforms talking to a man holding a bottle of soda.
the woman walk sidewalk. three on	three woman walk on the sidewalk.
in stand the costumes on truck. pickup back of a Three people	Three people in costumes stand on the back of a pickup truck.
red bowls man ball. A a with	A man bowls with a red ball.
dog Frisbee. catching a A	A dog catching a Frisbee.
down very strong some going is person currents. A water a small on boat and	A person is on a small boat and going down some very strong water currents.
the a calm cap man The river. is in brown on paddling boat	The man in the brown cap is paddling a boat on calm river.
white stone passing a march is by protest building. A	A protest march is passing by a white stone building.
Two people the a ocean. are of hugging jetty out at that the stone over end looks	Two people are hugging at the end of a stone jetty that looks out over the ocean.
while A the a hockey puck goalie blocks holding stick. white	A goalie blocks the puck while holding a white hockey stick.
water in a in a its with dog the mouth stick swimming	a dog swimming in the water with a stick in its mouth
a shirt a rock face in pink man climbs A	A man in a pink shirt climbs a rock face
grinding a snowboarder rail. side A down	A snowboarder grinding down a side rail.
Several and an watching event. gathered people are	Several people are gathered and watching an event.
a green dark behind shirt, pool. black a near a fence Young boy in	Young boy in a dark green shirt, behind a black fence near a pool.
walking dog man Young	Young man walking dog
The yellow boy a yellow shirt. tunnel is in little the wearing	The little boy in the yellow tunnel is wearing a yellow shirt.
smelling brown dog's grey dog tail. A a	A brown dog smelling a grey dog's tail.
dogs A pair surf. the of runs black in	A pair of black dogs runs in the surf.
a surfer A flies crashing wave. over	A surfer flies over a crashing wave.
sitting chair. in grass with boy blue the red flowers near a shovel on shorts tan Small in	Small boy in red shorts with blue flowers sitting on shovel in the grass near a tan chair.
top a incline. of red the black dog A at	A black dog at the top of a red incline.
dog its A laying back. on brown	A brown dog laying on its back.
a dog pond swimming A in	A dog swimming in a pond
in is water, topless is with long whilst his boy muscles a drenched smiling. hair who flexing	a topless boy with long hair who is drenched in water, is flexing his muscles whilst smiling.
school kids Middle pep school ralley. at spirit their are aged a showing	Middle school aged kids are showing their school spirit at a pep ralley.
woman table sits a luggage. A with eating at picnic	A woman sits at a picnic table eating with luggage.
woman man smiles plays stage guitar another A on a while	A man plays guitar on a stage while another woman smiles
the a playground playing in kid	a kid playing in the playground
on is stick the black biting brown A in and dog forest. a	A black and brown dog is biting on a stick in the forest.
grass. stick in a is carrying the dog black black A	A black dog is carrying a black stick in the grass.
car. dramatically adults subway a on posing Several young	Several young adults posing dramatically on a subway car.
being by front in two white Two on dogs men some are of held cars. leashes	Two white dogs are being held on leashes by two men in front of some cars.
gather hear related speech to Genocide. a Armenian to People the	People gather to hear a speech related to the Armenian Genocide.
Friends the in rocks for photo. sitting	Friends sitting in the rocks for photo.
hug couple camera in for snow. pose in of a each and A pond other the front the	A couple hug each other and pose for the camera in front of a pond in the snow.
Frisbee park. a black dog at catches a A	A black dog catches a Frisbee at a park.
a big on in of front grass girl green walking A little the stone.	A little girl walking on the green grass in front of a big stone.
One woman beside badminton plays another pool the sitting the pool. in while	One woman sitting beside the pool while another plays badminton in the pool.
shirt, woman a white and playing shirts tennis. red white A in hat, is	A woman in a red shirt, white hat, and white shirts is playing tennis.
dogs on Two running grass. the are	Two dogs are running on the grass.
hanging a man rock in is a free from green climber being t-shirt. a by watched a whilst	a free climber is hanging from a rock whilst being watched by a man in a green t-shirt.
of dogs. team on by Two a sled people pulled a	Two people on a sled pulled by a team of dogs.
black a on with cat orange beach. An stripes	An orange cat with black stripes on a beach.
on fun in either Two lawn. dogs or wrestle fight a grassy	Two dogs wrestle either in fun or fight on a grassy lawn.
sidewalk. in with a aerial on a red shirt A performing an man skateboard a is trick	A man in a red shirt is performing an aerial trick with a skateboard on a sidewalk.
face outdoors. A squirted water being the is dog with in	A dog is being squirted with water in the face outdoors.
girls street. down Two walking the	Two girls walking down the street.
throws shaved another with soldier head soldier onto One the ground. a	One soldier throws another soldier with a shaved head onto the ground.
gear on a climbing mountain Mountain	Mountain climbing gear on a mountain
white Person red snow near skiing a on flag.	Person skiing on white snow near a red flag.
man The a air is bicycle. a with the in young summersault performing	The young man is performing a summersault in the air with a bicycle.
eating The outdoors. is girl little	The little girl is eating outdoors.
dog. black biting brown red with is the The dog a collar	The brown dog with a red collar is biting the black dog.
on beside grass dog is river. the the A a on boat running	A dog is running on the grass beside a boat on the river.
grass. the through jumps A dog	A dog jumps through the grass.
off a singing large a boy tee. a young baseball of at	a young boy singing at a large baseball off of a tee.
on beach. pops rocky bike wheelie a man on A a a	A man pops a wheelie on a bike on a rocky beach.
a with a crowd is by shepherd dog German walking barrier. A control bald metal policeman	A bald policeman is walking with a German shepherd dog by a metal crowd control barrier.
kissing a on laying are grassy and people down Two lawn.	Two people are laying down and kissing on a grassy lawn.
dog. dog A smaller holding a large	A large dog holding a smaller dog.
a A in runner hill. cresting shirt is yellow a	A runner in a yellow shirt is cresting a hill.
white black building. opens while collar, with mouth in its white front of A dog, a a wide	A white dog, with a black collar, opens its mouth wide while in front of a white building.
jacket blue and kid baseball yellow a a A rock. cap in jumping from	A kid in a yellow jacket and blue baseball cap jumping from a rock.
player while block. black in attempts A basketball jumps, another in white to	A basketball player in black jumps, while another in white attempts to block.
riding gear A on horse beach. her riding in formal woman the	A woman in formal riding gear riding her horse on the beach.
of an white A shaggy cream remaining ice part dog eyes cone. the	A shaggy white dog eyes the remaining part of an ice cream cone.
flower. A a bee sits on	A bee sits on a flower.
Two race. in are greyhounds a competing	Two greyhounds are competing in a race.
ice saw. with carves a Man block of	Man carves block of ice with a saw.
he an jumps. makes skis as A man X with his	A man makes an X with his skis as he jumps.
bicycle his against a railing. leaning with bench man a on A sitting	A man sitting on a bench with his bicycle leaning against a railing.
York warming Yankee New up.	New York Yankee warming up.
the down street. shorts A skateboards man in	A man in shorts skateboards down the street.
is grass. shirt red a walking wearing The girl the little through	The little girl wearing a red shirt is walking through the grass.
a water using toy. a blue and play Two the in inflatable dog people	Two people and a dog play in the water using a blue inflatable toy.
man and are on ghost woman a city street. dressed busters as A a up	A man and a woman are dressed up as ghost busters on a city street.
of sits on girl rock. little The top a	The little girl sits on top of a rock.
in path. dirt A bike yellow a person riding dirt on is a	A person in yellow is riding a dirt bike on a dirt path.
sitting Two a complex. women a front a building near court tennis in bench of on	Two women sitting on a bench in front of a tennis court near a building complex.
street. pushing the jacket button is A green a woman in the cross to	A woman in a green jacket is pushing the button to cross the street.
young girl sand a the shore. on A stands by	A young girl stands on the sand by a shore.
furry dog black a neon wearing yellow The is collar.	The furry black dog is wearing a neon yellow collar.
eyes. playground with girl for A young her in reaches determination rings	A young girl reaches for playground rings with determination in her eyes.
big the It looks wave. like surfer is riding a	It looks like the surfer is riding a big wave.
hat boy in cracker. small The red has a the	The small boy in the red hat has a cracker.
brown running is green a A yellow down obstacle. dog and	A brown dog is running down a green and yellow obstacle.
in Two players hike football formation.	Two football players in hike formation.
jumps a water. green goggles into boy jacket A white little and the in life	A little boy in green goggles and a white life jacket jumps into the water.
A plays fountain. spray of kids the of a in water group from	A group of kids plays in the spray of water from a fountain.
group men playing other football match. against in each A a of	A group of men playing against each other in a football match.
are football Three football red a player during tackling a players football uniformed game.	Three football players are tackling a red uniformed football player during a football game.
be hanging girl appears from gym. to a jungle upside A down	A girl appears to be hanging upside down from a jungle gym.
and Boy goggles wearing holding swim running trunks	Boy wearing swim trunks holding goggles and running
rides on a a mountain. on bicycle A man	A man on a bicycle rides on a mountain.
playing Bigg little with dog in dirt.	Bigg playing with little dog in dirt.
bicycle a performing skate person a A tricks in park. on	A person performing tricks on a bicycle in a skate park.
attempting are night. at skateboarders stunts These	These skateboarders are attempting stunts at night.
A guy skateboarding.	A guy skateboarding.
wall, against Two stand happy and sad a other has face a face. a little girls girl girl has the one	Two little girls stand against a wall, one girl has a happy face and the other girl has a sad face.
a playing park A boy orange with in balls. two	A boy in a park playing with two orange balls.
water and over person and splashing kayak. up kayak with Person in	Person in kayak with water splashing up and over person and kayak.
hangs boy from he as bars. young monkey A smiles	A young boy smiles as he hangs from monkey bars.
takes dog A with red its a walk. a little ribbon on head	A little dog with a red ribbon on its head takes a walk.
blue is ankle shorts deep the in A child standing water. in	A child in blue shorts is standing ankle deep in the water.
is is and air his the riding A on bicycle it. flying person through	A person is riding his bicycle and is flying through the air on it.
of black a dog shaking and brown himself water the	a brown and black dog shaking the water of himself
canyon. men Shirtless hike a through	Shirtless men hike through a canyon.
onto shirt boy jumps brown couch. Young the yellow a wearing	Young boy wearing a yellow shirt jumps onto the brown couch.
the dog grass. a black A toy on carries	A black dog carries a toy on the grass.
wall. performs a graffiti a bmx beside rider stunt A covered	A bmx rider performs a stunt beside a graffiti covered wall.
black running dog on grass A	A black dog running on grass
microphone. woman stands A blonde behind a	A blonde woman stands behind a microphone.
mountain. outfitted skier A snow-covered in on red a	A skier outfitted in red on a snow-covered mountain.
dog soccer chasing is after A a ball. brown	A brown dog is chasing after a soccer ball.
mask. a gold, wears yellow man shirt a sun-shaped in A	A man in a yellow shirt wears a gold, sun-shaped mask.
white against blue three and port-o-potties with in person a them. is front sitting of mop propped A	A person is sitting in front of three blue and white port-o-potties with a mop propped against them.
holding A boy rod. fishing a	A boy holding a fishing rod.
opposing sliding A team ballplayer baseman and a base. the from onto	A baseman and a ballplayer from the opposing team sliding onto base.
sits equipment a Ski alone on mountain snowy	Ski equipment sits alone on a snowy mountain
dirt bike Man night. doing on trick at a mound jumping	Man doing a jumping bike trick on dirt mound at night.
an Two children on time. orange in jungle gym playing the winter	Two children playing on an orange jungle gym in the winter time.
boy little a into A a jacket life in pool. jumping	A little boy in a life jacket jumping into a pool.
her cellphone. sitting down checking woman A	A woman sitting down checking her cellphone.
a race muddy track. a horses are Several on running	Several horses are running a race on a muddy track.
snowboard make Three people jumps.	Three people make snowboard jumps.
woman's hair. an apron confetti Small a in in placing girl	Small girl in an apron placing confetti in a woman's hair.
plays boys a face. with baby young A	A baby plays with a young boys face.
the while steps. The sat on brown black in the smoked woman person in	The person in black smoked while the woman in brown sat on the steps.
out his cow through hole A cut a head young is it. a sticking face with of boy	A young boy is sticking his head through a cow face with a hole cut out of it.
this one golden visible it is to only be retrievers picture, in are and There appears but two smiling.	There are two golden retrievers in this picture, but only one is visible and it appears to be smiling.
pink leash. boy a his while A with with dog a he white hands signals walks	A boy signals with his hands while he walks a white dog with a pink leash.
wall. climbing in rock man pants black A a	A man in black pants climbing a rock wall.
on a in A wakeboard with background crane above a the water high person the is	A person on a wakeboard is high above the water with a crane in the background
a building past red specialized wearing man gear. is A while walking	A man is walking past a red building while wearing specialized gear.
train to on several waiting a get people	several people waiting to get on a train
A children steps. on bunch of asian	A bunch of asian children on steps.
high daredevil a making motorcycle jump. A	A motorcycle daredevil making a high jump.
at table clothes A old fashioned sitting couple in a outside	A couple in old fashioned clothes sitting at a table outside
lake. a A man into dives	A man dives into a lake.
baby a language. with A pacifier sign I saying you love in	A baby with a pacifier saying I love you in sign language.
Man in at Fawkes protest. business paper mask with holding Guy attire	Man in business attire with Guy Fawkes mask holding paper at protest.
person A rappels face. cliff a off	A person rappels off a cliff face.
top man down big A and jacket rock a valleys. looking of in stands shorts hills black a on and on	A man in shorts and a black jacket stands on top of a big rock looking down on hills and valleys.
a is of out pulling pit. adult ball An child a	An adult is pulling a child out of a ball pit.
flight A swan pond across the preparing for	A swan preparing for flight across the pond
compete white in fencers setting. black Two in and suits gymnasium masks a	Two fencers in white suits and black masks compete in a gymnasium setting.
child A swing. swinging a on is smiling	A smiling child is swinging on a swing.
trying show A pointing is her. woman to to little holding hand something a girls	A woman holding a little girls hand is pointing to something trying to show her.
bunch beach. the at of A people	A bunch of people at the beach.
a a dog A leash on by tree is	A dog is on a leash by a tree
another looks man A hat watches. red wearing man down as a	A man wearing a red hat looks down as another man watches.
taking celebration birthday 5. place A a reached who girl age for has	A birthday celebration taking place for a girl who has reached age 5.
is sitting a window. A a grey beard by man with	A man with a grey beard is sitting by a window.
conversing to Two girls next teenage lockers.	Two teenage girls conversing next to lockers.
girl wearing cap a at and meet swim swim head her on a a goggles	a girl wearing a swim cap and goggles on her head at a swim meet
puddle. girl little in plays naked a A mud	A naked little girl plays in a mud puddle.
the of from road. with bikes traffic watching Five man in people the on side	Five people on bikes in traffic with man watching from the side of the road.
a woman hair behind over flowers. distance scarf a in some wearing the her	a woman wearing a scarf over her hair in the distance behind some flowers.
dogs fence. a along Two running	Two dogs running along a fence.
on a with A white path. running dirt eye, is dog brown a patch his on	A white dog with a brown patch on his eye, is running on a dirt path.
a sitting at campfire People around night.	People sitting around a campfire at night.
dog are A and brown running. a brown	A brown and a brown dog are running.
standing with girl man a into pool, A jumping near. a	A girl jumping into a pool, with a man standing near.
on a Three cliff. men standing	Three men standing on a cliff.
a of with breakdancer excitement A is look one on standing hand	A breakdancer is standing on one hand with a look of excitement
other a Two on wooden each face sit people bench and talk. to	Two people sit on a wooden bench and face each other to talk.
on People walk path outside. a	People walk on a path outside.
some A group the front and in of people pose camera laundry greenery. for of	A group of people pose for the camera in front of some laundry and greenery.
toddler a making splash is a pool. A paddling inside blue	A toddler is making a splash inside a blue paddling pool.
5. Man number playing basketball, jersey	Man playing basketball, jersey number 5.
white on surfboard. surfing a Person	Person surfing on a white surfboard.
dog long of in a white grass. next a a large sits small field dog to brown	a large brown dog sits next to a small white dog in a field of long grass.
green course her pipe through dog training with Trainer runs	Trainer runs her dog through training course with green pipe
the is brown through A dog grass. gallopsing	A brown dog is gallopsing through the grass.
red is a dog with The playing ball.	The dog is playing with a red ball.
stands red shirt mountain. a a boy in A on	A boy in a red shirt stands on a mountain.
white Black dog and wades in water.	Black and white dog wades in water.
Basset grassy hound a slope. on	Basset hound on a grassy slope.
climbs wall. a rock man A	A man climbs a rock wall.
hat a an in and building. coat A man sits black by old	A man in a black coat and hat sits by an old building.
set. shirts swing a children Three on swinging blue in	Three children in blue shirts swinging on a swing set.
A a girl is climbing wall. rock	A girl is climbing a rock wall.
a dogs behind fence. two bark	two dogs bark behind a fence.
a Older coat gentleman and in dot and polka red black scarf. white	Older gentleman in a red coat and black and white polka dot scarf.
with a children drum. playing are Two young	Two young children are playing with a drum.
set jumps off German of Shepherd of a stairs. A	A German Shepherd jumps off of a set of stairs.
wearing dog both and are who a man A take ride. sunglasses a	A man and a dog who are both wearing sunglasses take a ride.
pole water black while splashing and A dog a white around. jumps over	A black and white dog jumps over a pole while splashing water around.
a wave down is crashing surfer. large The over	The large wave is crashing down over a surfer.
on cheer they as a the race finish. Crowds cyclists to complete	Crowds cheer on cyclists as they complete a race to the finish.
bottle. a puppies couch are on a baby Three beside lying	Three puppies are lying on a couch beside a baby bottle.
with a dunes purple person sky. ATV on in A an	A person on an ATV in dunes with a purple sky.
A over park. pole at jumping a man skate a is long young	A young man is jumping over a long pole at a skate park.
in two covered are snow a dogs wrestling field.	two dogs are wrestling in a snow covered field.
stands snow. dog bench the A in on a	A dog stands on a bench in the snow.
wearing A blue riding is a pants man bull. bucking	A man wearing blue pants is riding a bucking bull.
front standing A audience man her stage is a a of in microphone who at with the a in the on microphone woman points	A woman with a microphone on a stage points the microphone at a man who is standing in the audience in front of her
jumps a A boots puddle. in big smiling and person jacket a wearing	A smiling person wearing a jacket and boots jumps in a big puddle.
climbing harness climbing wall. scaling Young boy a in	Young boy in climbing harness scaling a climbing wall.
jacket water-skiing a A a is wearing red across man life bay.	A man wearing a red life jacket is water-skiing across a bay.
in head dog Black rolls grass.	Black dog rolls head in grass.
up. looks uniform duke player in a basketball A	A basketball player in a duke uniform looks up.
wearing cross street urban skirts in women, and area. purses, carrying Two	Two women, wearing skirts and carrying purses, cross street in urban area.
dressed is a all tennis woman white racket. swinging The in	The woman is dressed in all white swinging a tennis racket.
racetrack. race motorcycle on a A	A motorcycle race on a racetrack.
in The green performing and sunglasses is a parade. the girl in top	The girl in the green top and sunglasses is performing in a parade.
port-a-potties are a which standing city. in of placed five orange middle the around people A few	A few people standing around five orange port-a-potties which are placed in the middle of a city.
down going is swing. boy a A pulley little	A little boy is going down a pulley swing.
A young another doing is standing a near back flip. boy	A young boy is standing near another doing a back flip.
dog The two-tone the down trail. running is	The two-tone dog is running down the trail.
This a of traffic. people a with is street and night view city	This is a night view of a city street with people and traffic.
vest running is a the grass. dog red A through wearing brown	A brown dog wearing a red vest is running through the grass.
Woman Obama t-shirt in smiling.	Woman in Obama t-shirt smiling.
something. watching stand People outside	People stand outside watching something.
grassy Two are running area. through a dogs	Two dogs are running through a grassy area.
area a the rural air bike through cyclist on green in flying his An extreme	An extreme cyclist flying through the air on his green bike in a rural area
night. trick skateboard at an Someone is performing aerial	Someone is performing an aerial skateboard trick at night.
few A with foam girls on statue liberty hats a green train of	A few girls with green foam statue of liberty hats on a train
woman red formations. backpacks Two in a on large people are shorts standing wearing and some rock	Two people wearing backpacks and a woman in red shorts are standing on some large rock formations.
of up a puffs A snow. cloud skier	A skier puffs up a cloud of snow.
an skiing adult A alongside girl young	A young girl skiing alongside an adult
white dog a yellow beige runs holding toy. dog behind a A	A beige dog runs behind a white dog holding a yellow toy.
soccer children a uniforms Three soccer ball. blue chase grey and wearing after	Three children wearing soccer uniforms chase after a blue and grey soccer ball.
one a players shot. taking with Hockey	Hockey players with one taking a shot.
tennis dog, ball playing The patches, is in sand a its dark with the in white mouth. with	The white dog, with dark patches, is playing in the sand with a tennis ball in its mouth.
a going rider over bump. Motorcycle	Motorcycle rider going over a bump.
woods. Two near dogs playing the	Two dogs playing near the woods.
man in black woman dressed his dog down a walks black where cement sits. the A steps	A man walks his black dog down the cement steps where a woman dressed in black sits.
match. is a to enter at soccer A goal a ball about	A ball is about to enter a goal at a soccer match.
a basketball on court. Children play	Children play basketball on a court.
A cart. the lying is shopping a grass to man on next	A man is lying on the grass next to a shopping cart.
A picture a stand. of crowd at teddy hanging of a and bears people	A picture of a crowd of people and hanging teddy bears at a stand.
brown and his and out dog. almost a dog white mouth second, facing with off-camera tongue open A	A white and brown dog with his mouth open and tongue out facing a second, almost off-camera dog.
on field. one a run dogs, one and black and brown white and white, Two	Two dogs, one brown and white and one black and white, run on a field.
fountain. Children a play water in	Children play in a water fountain.
dogs the grass. play in white two	two white dogs play in the grass.
sporting in woman two competing a event	two woman competing in a sporting event
plains. sandy in wolf A running	A wolf running in sandy plains.
the him. crowd watches while Snowboarder standing his is board on	Snowboarder is standing on his board while the crowd watches him.
tan dog by beach in A a the sand sits looking sad.	A tan dog sits in the sand by a beach looking sad.
crowd flags of people bike the through and A carrying walk streets.	A crowd of people carrying flags bike and walk through the streets.
boy The underwater. in red swims goggles	The boy in red goggles swims underwater.
climbing man up a There mountain. oriental an is	There is an oriental man climbing up a mountain.
a dog orange ball. bites A big	A dog bites a big orange ball.
animals. A over the head backs dog's white some of	A dog's head over the backs of some white animals.
young Two gaurd girl boys young a and on rail. a playing	Two young boys and a young girl playing on a gaurd rail.
shoots team paintball A	A paintball team shoots
bike. A helping ride man a a boy	A man helping a boy ride a bike.
are of others the back. people men them one Three shot playing and play in blocked while basketball the	Three men are playing basketball and one of them blocked the others shot while people play in the back.
child a stands A snow-covered underneath tree.	A child stands underneath a snow-covered tree.
streamers. is woman children the surrounded The by sitting with old	The old woman is sitting with the children surrounded by streamers.
a next cat. small dog brown black is white big, to sleeping A and	A big, brown dog is sleeping next to a small black and white cat.
player University a holds Miami of football. A	A University of Miami player holds a football.
grabbing A the of is holding is who player another football the ankle ball. player	A football player is grabbing the ankle of another player who is holding the ball.
Brown fallen a jumping in woods. is A over the tree dog	A Brown dog is jumping over a fallen tree in the woods.
through running black is dog marsh-like area. a A	A black dog is running through a marsh-like area.
little The is laying the on girl sidewalk.	The little girl is laying on the sidewalk.
with sunglasses mishap another A in a tries player to player. softball avoid	A softball player in sunglasses tries to avoid a mishap with another player.
high up tree. in man a on platform A a standing	A man standing on a platform high up in a tree.
dog white a are in and dog black and yellow A running dirt. the	A yellow dog and a black and white dog are running in the dirt.
grass. field Two of a are running through dogs	Two dogs are running through a field of grass.
white dry. and brown its A dog self shaking	A white and brown dog shaking its self dry.
teeth. object black its dog holding in A white a is	A black dog is holding a white object in its teeth.
along a riding child is gated beach a to next a area. The path vehicle	The child is riding a vehicle along a gated path next to a beach area.
A teenagers, of group one hair. with pink	A group of teenagers, one with pink hair.
a camera. woman near a wall A stands against video	A woman stands against a wall near a video camera.
outfits, in themselves balloons Two black desert in a surrounding people in black	Two people in black outfits, surrounding themselves in black balloons in a desert
elderly wearing Wal his a front in An smock him. with white of male and Mart extended hand arms	An elderly male wearing a white Wal Mart smock with his arms and hand extended in front of him.
shorts blue white surf. child and jumping in wearing A is the	A child wearing blue and white shorts is jumping in the surf.
glasses with serious shirt looking and poses. boy A blue a	A serious looking boy with glasses and a blue shirt poses.
stands in dog ball his a tennis mouth. field with a A in	A dog stands in a field with a tennis ball in his mouth.
on his helmet a white wearing A jumping bike. boy	A boy wearing a white helmet jumping on his bike.
a water. is of large A the plling branch very out dog	A dog is plling a very large branch out of the water.
A and little soccer yellow holding red kid toy. a	A little kid holding a yellow and red soccer toy.
trots ball with dog mouth. a its in A	A dog trots with a ball in its mouth.
at with tent green large A campground. a cover a	A large tent with a green cover at a campground.
dog short-haired cheek of shaggy bites the A a dog.	A shaggy dog bites the cheek of a short-haired dog.
One another is beach. on one chasing the dog	One dog is chasing another one on the beach.
cup from juice toddler drinks car toy in a A a red	A toddler in a red toy car drinks from a juice cup
walkway run children by the Three river. on the	Three children run on the walkway by the river.
boat on river. Rafting	Rafting boat on river.
life floats vest wearing in A a water. girl	A girl wearing a life vest floats in water.
makeup. painting on woman A	A woman painting on makeup.
down ride a saucers hill. children snowy Two	Two children ride saucers down a snowy hill.
type tree. A christmas a near bunch people of	A bunch of people near a christmas type tree.
sprinkler in suit bathing Little girl outside. toy a through jumping pink	Little girl in pink bathing suit jumping through a sprinkler toy outside.
guy microphone woman a a guitar. sings by into a playing A	A woman sings into a microphone by a guy playing a guitar.
of edge stand the the the water Two people grass. together on on	Two people stand together on the edge of the water on the grass.
in of sitting chairs the background. people A in 6 group a mountain with are	A group of 6 people are sitting in chairs with a mountain in the background.
person on skateboard several and The different is carrying a bags of shapes. sizes	The person on a skateboard is carrying several bags of different sizes and shapes.
woman a sewing A machine. works by	A woman works by a sewing machine.
at many people a gathering.	many people at a gathering.
a A player football. football holding	A football player holding a football.
black of torn with person and nearby crowd large leggings is people. A orange sitting boots a	A person with torn orange leggings and black boots is sitting nearby a large crowd of people.
cow Two young '. on cowboys a lassos chase horses with	Two cowboys on horses chase a young cow with lassos '.
baseball uniform throwing player baseball in a white	a baseball player in white uniform throwing baseball
A man his up wheel motorcycle track. a puts rear on on its	A man puts his motorcycle up on its rear wheel on a track.
a are table a with Legos. Two at of box little boys	Two little boys are at a table with a box of Legos.
A from man on the sits a drinks bottle. water grass and	A man sits on the grass and drinks from a water bottle.
in A ocean girl the standing	A girl standing in the ocean
at bowling alley. wearing a shirt green A is jumping a boy in lane a front of	A boy wearing a green shirt is jumping in front of a lane at a bowling alley.
A going white tennis a ball. after dog black and a are	A black and a white dog are going after a tennis ball.
modern building. man next a a glass A is in of structure to front black art in sitting	A man in black is sitting next to a modern art structure in front of a glass building.
a wearing a in black their that covers face. restaurant A diner costumed outfit sits	A costumed diner sits in a restaurant wearing a black outfit that covers their face.
men on a side in cots are of mountain. Two red lying the	Two men are lying in red cots on the side of a mountain.
red a from looking behind a and course on on with blue dirt white a in bike Person jacket people barrier.	Person in blue jacket on a bike on a dirt course with people looking from behind a red and white barrier.
things in picks rocky spot A up a a next car. to person	A person picks up things in a rocky spot next to a car.
are group huskies running in the groups Two of snow, a man. pulling each	Two groups of huskies are running in the snow, each group pulling a man.
grass. run together over green gray Two the dogs	Two gray dogs run together over the green grass.
black bite walks arm. trying to man's a is dog something A the on man while	A man walks while a black dog is trying to bite something on the man's arm.
boy arms steering has his through The wheel the	The boy has his arms through the steering wheel
A a a red goal soccer woman and a wearing shirt young kicks ball. in stands	A young woman wearing a red shirt stands in a soccer goal and kicks a ball.
walking with red bag. woman A a is	A woman is walking with a red bag.
toy. yellow jumps towards and dog white A black up a	A black and white dog jumps up towards a yellow toy.
on skull of A lake. rowers a	A skull of rowers on a lake.
stand of gymnasium A a with in group a basketball. men	A group of men stand in a gymnasium with a basketball.
a Tourists front gathering historic of winter. are in building in	Tourists are gathering in front of a historic building in winter.
a her dress woman head. over in raises A her arm	A woman in a dress raises her arm over her head.
gathered flags. Crowd waving brightly in colored streets	Crowd gathered in streets waving brightly colored flags.
rubber toddler a in suspended A air holds chicken	A toddler holds a rubber chicken suspended in air
jumping through tall grass. lion A	A lion jumping through tall grass.
hands. Two are pair of a newborn puppies being by human held	Two newborn puppies are being held by a pair of human hands.
white a woman huge fluffy dog. A	A woman huge a fluffy white dog.
a boy is one holding A in hand. basketball	A boy is holding a basketball in one hand.
band shoulders. neon dog eating yellow while Black with around sitting	Black dog sitting while eating with neon yellow band around shoulders.
skating. ice in a kid A sweatshirt red	A kid in a red sweatshirt ice skating.
harness in A on a wall. girl a climbing rope	A girl in a harness on a rope climbing wall.
in middle jumping in a the puddle street a of mud the man	a man jumping in a mud puddle in the middle of the street
colorful art of at mats on a festival. the yoga learn Children	Children learn the art of yoga on colorful mats at a festival.
with and brunettes, one Two camera indoors. tattoos, hug at smile	Two brunettes, one with tattoos, hug and smile at camera indoors.
him. a the in trying ball basketball uniform player white while a is block a A player in uniform to is holding red	A basketball player in a red uniform is holding the ball while a player in a white uniform is trying to block him.
is sitting a in area. in while down busy something covered A whose paint man are clothes writing outside	A man whose clothes are covered in paint is writing something down while sitting outside in a busy area.
mouth. with piece A a looking the in its at dog cloth of camera	A dog looking at the camera with a piece of cloth in its mouth.
little puddle. rain in A a girl	A little girl in a rain puddle.
the basketball ball preparing shoot to A player	A basketball player preparing to shoot the ball
jumps pool. blue white the into dog The	The white dog jumps into the blue pool.
bed with a kid asleep broken in arm A his	A kid with a broken arm asleep in his bed
sign A a money. holds man seeking	A man holds a sign seeking money.
to turning at look camera. the dog A	A dog turning to look at the camera.
and falls a his trampoline a on on girl jumps toddler high stomach. A teenager	A teenager girl jumps high on a trampoline and a toddler falls on his stomach.
wrestling with on man the floor. A a child	A man wrestling with a child on the floor.
mountain. man and A the on top his of dog a	A man and his dog on the top of a mountain.
plays a dog dry black A another with in poodle field.	A black poodle plays with another dog in a dry field.
advertisement a of them. turn with making group skaters blue A a behind speed	A group of speed skaters making a turn with a blue advertisement behind them.
blue A his child young slides male slide mom while watches. down a	A young male child slides down a blue slide while his mom watches.
streams she girl's hair A her as swings behind	A girl's hair streams behind her as she swings
runs dog A	A dog runs
A blonde outside. little girl running	A little blonde girl running outside.
person a jumping A horse a over fence.	A person jumping a horse over a fence.
little a A running a walkway. girl are on man and	A man and a little girl are running on a walkway.
dog laying shaggy and is carpet. A black brown a white on	A black and brown dog is laying on a white shaggy carpet.
baby. An holding woman lighter-skinned older dark-skinned a	An older dark-skinned woman holding a lighter-skinned baby.
muzzle 5 track. on runs with sweater and dirt marked Dog	Dog with muzzle and sweater marked 5 runs on dirt track.
brindle yard do runs A through grassy a	A brindle do runs through a grassy yard
the at pool. water edge Young of a splashes boy	Young boy splashes water at the edge of a pool.
race. competing are a dogs in Six	Six dogs are competing in a race.
grassy guiding sheep along a is a sheepdog black path.	a black sheepdog is guiding sheep along a grassy path.
ascends. climber A rock	A rock climber ascends.
shop. shopping a People in bike	People shopping in a bike shop.
man binoculars. next through thermos who gazing is man standing A to is with a a	A man with a thermos is standing next to a man who is gazing through binoculars.
a with beach. dog Woman on playing	Woman playing with dog on a beach.
looking boy reflection. at A his	A boy looking at his reflection.
A sweaters in their adults and their group wear have hands of pockets.	A group of adults wear sweaters and have their hands in their pockets.
a The in the bike. on person is red	The person in the red is on a bike.
dog the chases sand. dog a large small on A	A large dog chases a small dog on the sand.
Two each chase other grass. on dogs black	Two black dogs chase each other on grass.
with water. a dog is playing man some A in	A man is playing with a dog in some water.
the of ocean. a couple front in staring young	a young couple staring in front of the ocean.
play getting the the dogs park Three brown ball. in the dog with	Three dogs play in the park with the brown dog getting the ball.
a A plays of child the pile ground on in leaves.	A child plays on the ground in a pile of leaves.
time wakeboard. man A air on gets his	A man gets air time on his wakeboard.
toy girl plays basketball a A on game. little	A little girl plays on a toy basketball game.
near large A rocks brown their ocean. the walking over dog is person	A person is walking their brown dog over large rocks near the ocean.
in in arms. Young green baby goat holds boy dressed	Young boy dressed in green holds baby goat in arms.
stadium a standing purple is closed. a eyes his man in with in a shirt	a man in a purple shirt is standing in a stadium with his eyes closed.
on little dog A the white jumping ground.	A little white dog jumping on the ground.
with a in grassy dogs together three playing trees field background in the	three dogs playing together in a grassy field with trees in the background
are and at Two a a women man book. looking	Two women and a man are looking at a book.
a girl a from striped peeks behind A tree. dress wearing young out	A young girl wearing a striped dress peeks out from behind a tree.
hangs a rope rider on tightly large, bucking bull to bull's back. A around a	A bull rider hangs on tightly to a rope around a large, bucking bull's back.
holding the two on and is sitting grass A woman children.	A woman is sitting on the grass and holding two children.
is dog field. a and The running through white black	The white and black dog is running through a field.
is woman wearing face of the girl. blonde the painting the glasses	the woman wearing glasses is painting the face of the blonde girl.
young a slope sled. snow in girl red A a down is sliding	A young girl is sliding down a snow slope in a red sled.
riding a A girl helmet brown wearing and young horse. a	A young girl wearing a helmet and riding a brown horse.
a a and A on are day. woman biking sunny man	A man and a woman are biking on a sunny day.
for a stove white is a pants reaching a red kitchen. in floored toddler stripy in	a toddler in stripy pants is reaching for a white stove in a red floored kitchen.
in suits girls The all smiles. bathing are three	The three girls in bathing suits are all smiles.
above the young held flies head a man's A as child air. in her hair is	A young child is held above a man's head as her hair flies in the air.
girls hats dance and stage. straw Three wear a on	Three girls wear straw hats and dance on a stage.
sitting outside. of a men a are couple bench concrete old There on	There are a couple of old men sitting on a concrete bench outside.
are girl swimming boy goggles. The and wearing	The boy and girl are wearing swimming goggles.
peace out is woman holding a during A a sign parade.	A woman is holding out a peace sign during a parade.
they a as and man woman A dance. smile	A man and a woman smile as they dance.
to with hand a who is a young blue looking the A to the left. looks woman while toddler's Mohawk holding right	A young woman with a blue Mohawk looks to the right while holding a toddler's hand who is looking to the left.
against wearing railing. TinkerBell leans A a woman a jacket pink	A woman wearing a pink TinkerBell jacket leans against a railing.
run dogs two surrounded by a trees. patch is through grassy that	two dogs run through a grassy patch that is surrounded by trees.
a do arts on Girls mat. martial red	Girls do martial arts on a red mat.
touching noses another Two dog. dogs near	Two dogs touching noses near another dog.
zoo. covered People at the in animals a exhibit observe	People observe animals in a covered exhibit at the zoo.
orange white jacket Person and with over sail with rock windsailing blue, front. snow blue and	Person with blue jacket windsailing with blue, white and orange sail over snow and rock front.
dog ground. A with collar black the sniffs red a	A black dog with a red collar sniffs the ground.
is shirt man the the by blue grass. in The dogs three in surrounded	The man in the blue shirt is surrounded by three dogs in the grass.
rowboat rowing in group large lake. of a people a the	a group of people rowing a large rowboat in the lake.
holding There climbing the large top to a climber rock. of a is and rock on very	There is a rock climber holding on and climbing to the top of a very large rock.
mountainous in red ski outfit snowy, a is black and looking landscape. person a over A	A person in a red and black ski outfit is looking over a snowy, mountainous landscape.
a rail. guy sliding A across on Rollerblades,	A guy on Rollerblades, sliding across a rail.
younger looks jumps boy air little the his A in on. while brother	A little boy jumps in the air while his younger brother looks on.
a A girl is young of in house. shoveling front snow	A young girl is shoveling snow in front of a house.
and warm snow. bundled This up clothing tire person in is in half-buried over jumping a	This person is bundled up in warm clothing and jumping over a tire half-buried in snow.
grassy on field kneels girl young with candles a filled	young girl kneels on a grassy field filled with candles
ball. A soccer a player is soccer kicking	A soccer player is kicking a soccer ball.
leaping a as little pipe blue over girl a boy is A watches. hose	A boy is leaping over a blue hose pipe as a little girl watches.
cigarette. smoking a man and hat straw The wearing a is	The man is wearing a straw hat and smoking a cigarette.
orange kitten. A on blonde bitten the is a nose by little being child	A blonde child is being bitten on the nose by a little orange kitten.
with racing greyhounds group of muzzles. jerseys A and	A group of greyhounds racing with jerseys and muzzles.
and takes another a himself picture of guy. man A	A man takes a picture of himself and another guy.
dog white runs black A with a dog	A black dog runs with a white dog
mounds between stream dog tan a of snow. A down walks	A tan dog walks down a stream between mounds of snow.
it. many on building outside has murals painted People that of walk a	People walk outside of a building that has many murals painted on it.
in red, Three blue, ( boys play two in one soccer.	Three boys ( one in red, two in blue, play soccer.
free girl wears hugs. to swimsuit A sign a top a wearing give	A girl wearing a swimsuit top wears a sign to give free hugs.
has handles. pink the The retrieved dog purse wet with aqua	The wet dog has retrieved the pink purse with aqua handles.
stool on leaning reading a is girl A lockers another some and on girl while is	A girl is on a stool while another girl is reading and leaning on some lockers
the background. hanging girl a upside-down house A with in	A girl hanging upside-down with a house in the background.
on lady old off distance looking An porch in a the standing	An old lady standing on a porch looking off in the distance
beach. on baby a a in the A man pushes carriage	A man pushes a baby in a carriage on the beach.
dog A black has dirt a his mouth. in ball walking soccer in	A black dog walking in dirt has a soccer ball in his mouth.
ball from One the football holding chased opposing player by team the another is football player	One football player holding the ball is chased by another football player from the opposing team
and A green white grass. along runs tan the dog	A white and tan dog runs along the green grass.
tires a a race almost blue crashing car into of wall	a blue race car almost crashing into a wall of tires
sidewalk. Three on holding men their faces a	Three men holding their faces on a sidewalk.
wearing sign. a " free blue hugs Woman in bikini "	Woman in blue bikini wearing a " free hugs " sign.
potato children jumping Two sacks. in	Two children jumping in potato sacks.
air. collared The the is jumping into dog	The collared dog is jumping into the air.
a black down. young looks shirt A man wearing	A young man wearing a black shirt looks down.
a is of a past whilst a wearing row beads spectators. t-shirt with a flag red white a carrying logo in man colored	a man in a white t-shirt with a red logo is wearing colored beads whilst carrying a flag past a row of spectators.
small climbs child at A beach. a stairs	A small child climbs stairs at a beach.
camera. brown and black are A running dog a the toward	A black and a brown dog are running toward the camera.
to Man next with rubble. a bike sitting	Man with a bike sitting next to rubble.
collapsing surfer the large surfing in lone a ocean. wave a	a lone surfer surfing a large collapsing wave in the ocean.
huge boy glasses bubble a blowing haired a wearing red	a red haired boy wearing glasses blowing a huge bubble
Two grass. furry tri-colored the playing dogs in	Two furry tri-colored dogs playing in the grass.
smiles of in A silver dress black a woman a front in truck.	A woman in a black dress smiles in front of a silver truck.
a with bowl. chopsticks, girl plastic young a pot, blue playing and drums two A Chinese the	A young Chinese girl playing the drums with two chopsticks, a pot, and a blue plastic bowl.
a The on blanket. sleeps blue dog brown on shirt with a superman	The brown dog with a superman shirt on sleeps on a blue blanket.
people at type These a lacrosse game. uniform are in	These people are in uniform at a lacrosse type game.
A woman in rural a rock-climbs area.	A woman rock-climbs in a rural area.
A child shorts moving wearing screen. a window is	A child wearing shorts is moving a window screen.
in waves kids sky. Two brilliant play blue shallow against a	Two kids play in shallow waves against a brilliant blue sky.
pile. a A playing football form big group people of	A group of people playing football form a big pile.
sidewalk. a with boots woman A red in a skirt walking bag the down and	A woman in a skirt and boots with a red bag walking down the sidewalk.
woman him. a sunglasses pink behind shirt wearing a man older A sits, and	A older man wearing a pink shirt and sunglasses sits, a woman behind him.
to grass. The next dog stands the water in the	The dog stands in the water next to the grass.
helmet. shirt man an wearing A orange and	A man wearing an orange shirt and helmet.
behind wearing tired. while them woman men black a smile Two seated looks	Two men wearing black smile while a seated woman behind them looks tired.
toy. A a playing with dog	A dog playing with a toy.
ground. a ball field on A a the a with the on striped man shirt in is and runs man	A man runs on a field with the ball and a man in a striped shirt is on the ground.
grass. on the dog black The running is and white	The black and white dog is running on the grass.
commuters on train. a Three sit	Three commuters sit on a train.
grass reading. man in the A laying	A man laying in the grass reading.
rock climbing man a	man climbing a rock
ears toward floppy A with camera. the blond dog runs	A blond dog with floppy ears runs toward the camera.
One wearing men on men is man, cheek both the kissed are by being wear another laughing while formal	One men is laughing while being kissed on the cheek by another man, both men are wearing formal wear
grass. of greeting other each in a field Three dogs green	Three dogs greeting each other in a field of green grass.
the A a chases dog dog grass through white tan leafy	A tan dog chases a white dog through the leafy grass
nearby in a child pink the in posing is distance. buildings all with A stroller	A child in all pink is posing nearby a stroller with buildings in the distance.
stands of in A several front horse kids. mascot	A horse mascot stands in front of several kids.
play field a baseball Three a at people park. on	Three people play baseball on a field at a park.
young a in green pose a boys ball soccer Four with park.	Four young boys pose with a green soccer ball in a park.
wearing glasses, The his a sits cigarette a chair. man in with mouth, in	The man wearing glasses, with a cigarette in his mouth, sits in a chair.
baby near holding man The is a a carnival game.	The man is holding a baby near a carnival game.
green a shirt in a on swing. playing girl A is	A girl in a green shirt is playing on a swing.
competitive men hockey game. in Three a participating field	Three men participating in a competitive field hockey game.
is dog walking a water. girl little the A by	A little girl is walking a dog by the water.
Some outside sit in students school buildings grass. the	Some students sit outside school buildings in the grass.
women Three Muslim looking camera. are at a	Three Muslim women are looking at a camera.
a person sitting picture front face bench. a own holding in a face of their a on of	a person holding a picture of a face in front of their own face sitting on a bench.
A swing young shirt. wearing a and a in crossbones skull child	A young child in a swing wearing a skull and crossbones shirt.
Children suits in play. bathing	Children in bathing suits play.
playing is the A leaves. with little boy Autumn	A little boy is playing with the Autumn leaves.
the a mountain with snowboard a at view. man A sits atop looking	A man with a snowboard sits atop a mountain looking at the view.
wall. rock a A climber scales	A climber scales a rock wall.
dogs playing a in Two are pool.	Two dogs are playing in a pool.
black running a around A white sand horse with with a it. nose fence in some is	A black horse with a white nose is running in some sand with a fence around it.
of line an event. group seated of in a people A seats at	A group of people seated in a line of seats at an event.
wearing girl hat pink a on a A young set. swing swinging	A young girl wearing a pink hat swinging on a swing set.
A is woman petting man's a elephant.	A woman is petting a man's elephant.
sled of a down dogs snow road. pulling A team a covered	A team of dogs pulling a sled down a snow covered road.
standing valley. snow or a of people sitting in bunch are A	A bunch of people are standing or sitting in a snow valley.
in swimming girls two suit young in the up suits The swimming is holding woman	The woman in the swimming suit is holding up two young girls in swimming suits
with rock. at large looking brush a a A person	A person with a brush looking at a large rock.
between two black dog snow. A running barriers and brown is cement with	A black and brown dog is running between two cement barriers with snow.
field. in Four are guys a	Four guys are in a field.
backpack backgroud a wearing the and snowy shirt a one grey mountains man with in	one man wearing a grey shirt and a backpack with snowy mountains in the backgroud
of walking A front stores young boy is in some	A young boy is walking in front of some stores
man behind in and street A jacket blue with a a the on religious in stands sign him people a holding yellow sidewalk.	A man in a blue and yellow jacket holding a religious sign stands in a street with people behind him on the sidewalk.
with bus filled A passengers at Chicago night. in	A bus filled with passengers in Chicago at night.
man on pulling a sled. dogs a A team of	A team of dogs pulling a man on a sled.
by tripped red a A player in was ball and uniform. player chasing purple a and in uniform soccer the soccer white was a	A soccer player in a red and white uniform was chasing the soccer ball and was tripped by a player in a purple uniform.
sloped A with skates. a inline wall young man navigates	A young man navigates a sloped wall with inline skates.
A pool into a of kid water. jumping	A kid jumping into a pool of water.
a an handbag. urban beige stands sidewalk woman on A holding	A woman stands on an urban sidewalk holding a beige handbag.
up cardboard by bearded is A a standing cart holding man shopping sign. a	A bearded man is standing by a shopping cart holding up a cardboard sign.
flowers a girl A a with blows whistle. little red dress yellow in	A little girl in a yellow dress with red flowers blows a whistle.
a running A in dog mouth. with field across a its grassy stick	A dog running across a grassy field with a stick in its mouth.
sky A in of a shot and front below. a in from hoodie blue skateboards building, man	A man in a hoodie skateboards in front of a blue sky and building, shot from below.
a shirt in a and man with pink woman a A shirt black in wands. bubbles blow brown	A man in a black shirt and a woman in a brown shirt blow bubbles with pink wands.
off little jumping the into diving pool. A is board a girl	A little girl is jumping off the diving board into a pool.
into little watches. boy boy pool another Woman throws as	Woman throws little boy into pool as another boy watches.
up. high a A soccer kicks boy ball	A boy kicks a soccer ball high up.
brown mouth. a its A its closed has Frisbee eyes purple in and dog	A brown dog has its eyes closed and a purple Frisbee in its mouth.
youth grinding is skateboard. male A a his rail on	A male youth is grinding a rail on his skateboard.
couch. a on sits A brown dog	A brown dog sits on a couch.
Two leaves. dogs through run the little	Two little dogs run through the leaves.
goes bicycle downhill. A	A bicycle goes downhill.
are a woman man getting and catered dinner A at food.	A man and woman are at a catered dinner getting food.
other the The join shorts red the water into to in people. boy jumps	The boy in the red shorts jumps into the water to join other people.
uniform as dressed in prisoner, sexy There a outdoors. cop's a woman is standing and a guy a	There is a woman in a sexy cop's uniform and a guy dressed as a prisoner, standing outdoors.
A kid girl on swing. little a	A little girl on a kid swing.
in flowers background with beautiful a man a the arrangement of cutting hair	a beautiful arrangement of flowers with a man cutting hair in the background
male another playing on athlete against wearing the opposing team. Two male uniforms same are the athletes	Two male athletes wearing the same uniforms are playing against another male athlete on the opposing team.
creek. a shakes dry while A dog standing big itself in	A big dog shakes itself dry while standing in a creek.
in park. men do trick a Two	Two men do trick in a park.
in blue soccer. Boy a playing uniform	Boy in a blue uniform playing soccer.
pink " ". spell holding People Impeach that out, signs	People holding pink signs that spell out, " Impeach ".
man outside A building. a sits	A man sits outside a building.
in Two park. are playing the game wrestling teenagers	Two teenagers are playing wrestling game in the park.
on while jumps A the stunt his in performing a air man skateboard.	A man jumps in the air while performing a stunt on his skateboard.
rock ledge. with no is climbing a man shirt A	A man with no shirt is climbing a rock ledge.
in front skirts the are dancing of puffy girls in street. Two musicians some in	Two girls in puffy skirts are dancing in front of some musicians in the street.
upraised entrance dark man leaning arms. building a clothes in of A with off	A man in dark clothes leaning off of a building entrance with upraised arms.
Kids in water. play	Kids play in water.
Man child and dancing.	Man and child dancing.
glasses, brown lady backpack. Young a and with shirt,	Young lady with brown shirt, glasses, and a backpack.
stick dog a it. man and up whilst grey brown out black is holding bald catch a a to jumps in	a bald man in grey is holding out a stick whilst a black and brown dog jumps up to catch it.
ball. A pitcher the throws	A pitcher throws the ball.
holding and flowered green into trunks in Boy red blue jumps ball. pool	Boy in red and blue flowered trunks jumps into pool holding green ball.
a Two colourful park. girls dresses at blowing in bubbles	Two girls in colourful dresses blowing bubbles at a park.
surfboard a A person ocean. the on in	A person on a surfboard in the ocean.
A an of ocean in front view. smiles woman	A woman smiles in front of an ocean view.
and blue in Very a people water group paddles. buildings shore the on a with with of skyscraper canoes	Very blue water with skyscraper buildings on the shore and a group of people in a canoes with paddles.
grey bare dove a in A tree.	A grey dove in a bare tree.
are who police next on Two standing another to officers is motorcycle. officer a sitting	Two police officers are standing next to another officer who is sitting on a motorcycle.
sand. Two young children on are	Two young children are on sand.
trainer obstacle and course an small white running and tan dog A	A small tan and white dog and trainer running an obstacle course
vehicle riding person marked sand dunes off-road across Distant with treads.	Distant person riding off-road vehicle across sand dunes marked with treads.
boy with a lake a pole fishing a looking down on	a boy with a fishing pole looking down on a lake
of in sculpture a a front of metal in front building. man sitting A	A man sitting in front of a metal sculpture in front of a building.
A young her girl steadies a aim with camera	A young girl steadies her aim with a camera
air above through green many floating glider the Hang trees.	Hang glider floating through the air above many green trees.
a of outside standing window while boy one with a is hose. house squirting a the One inside little window is on another side boy	One little boy is standing inside a house on one side of a window while another boy is outside squirting the window with a hose.
with course. number racing dirt a biker 625 A on is	A dirt biker with number 625 is racing on a course.
is A gymnastics. young doing girl midair in	A young girl is in midair doing gymnastics.
in brown gravel. white the runs and A horse	A brown and white horse runs in the gravel.
running. brown dog A	A brown dog running.
are Two dogs together running outside.	Two dogs are running together outside.
dog green brown in dog black the harnesses are and The sand. the with	The brown dog and the black dog with green harnesses are in the sand.
lane a down all of people group large path. driving Jeeps two A	A large group of people all driving Jeeps down a two lane path.
white brown a dog in long-haired A carries his and snowball mouth.	A long-haired brown and white dog carries a snowball in his mouth.
a A white playing stick. with is dog large large	A large white dog is playing with a large stick.
with mound left leg pitcher him. on up Phillie his the behind Philadelphia pitchers A	A Philadelphia Phillie pitcher on the pitchers mound with his left leg up behind him.
A leaps girl a mountaintop. on	A girl leaps on a mountaintop.
a with after really woman a black background. running running blond dog fast the him in	a black dog running really fast with a blond woman running after him in the background.
his a paint stick. on red A holding shirtless with torso man	A shirtless man with red paint on his torso holding a stick.
sticks. boys redheaded stand on and table with shirts a brown fighting in are Two	Two redheaded boys in brown shirts stand on a table and are fighting with sticks.
on and hat guitar a bleachers a Man playing white sitting wearing cowboy	Man sitting on bleachers wearing a white cowboy hat and playing a guitar
A leans man fountain. a over into	A man leans over into a fountain.
Children uniforms and soccer after yellow run in soccer a ball dressed green	Children dressed in green and yellow soccer uniforms run after a soccer ball
large A line have people outside. group a of formed	A large group of people have formed a line outside.
a a at fair. taking A man child ride on a	A man taking a child on a ride at a fair.
Skateboarder fence. over a jumping	Skateboarder jumping over a fence.
to cow of gives A a front a baby they to in statue. as stand hold small a child woman	A woman gives a baby to a small child to hold as they stand in front of a cow statue.
below. the parachutes The off grey toward ocean purple the cliff floats	The purple parachutes floats off the cliff toward the grey ocean below.
shopping cart a full stuff. is man next fat standing scruffy and dog A to a of	A scruffy fat man is standing next to a dog and a shopping cart full of stuff.
water some ledge. A rocky dog enclosed in by	A dog in some water enclosed by rocky ledge.
wears A and headdress a person sunglasses.	A person wears a headdress and sunglasses.
camera him. ball while at looks small other the boys behind play The boy	The small boy looks at the camera while other boys play ball behind him.
Lady waving two streamers red around long	Lady waving two long red streamers around
in a tosses child man into the a air. young beach, a vest At orange an	At a beach, a man in an orange vest tosses a young child into the air.
A to for a poem a offering ticket. a sign holds trade man football	A man holds a sign offering to trade a poem for a football ticket.
an Three arcade. standing people are front in of	Three people are standing in front of an arcade.
red whispering A a girl wearing is hat and to white scarf. a and boy	A boy is whispering to a girl wearing a red and white hat and scarf.
motorcycle on A guy wheel. one riding a	A guy riding a motorcycle on one wheel.
leap, with other girls pants floral in red shirt one with black Two mid shirt jeans and	Two girls in mid leap, one with jeans and red shirt other with black pants floral shirt
for snap defensive player the waiting	defensive player waiting for the snap
catching his in A dog caught mid-jump mouth. in black toy a	A black dog caught in mid-jump catching a toy in his mouth.
Two people look over a terrace wall.	Two people look over a terrace wall.
in the swims dog water. A	A dog swims in the water.
game. dives to boy during the young a ball catch A baseball	A young boy dives to catch the ball during a baseball game.
water. in A child	A child in water.
sitting a on him with behind directly sunset a a man motorcycle	a man sitting on a motorcycle with a sunset directly behind him
black carrying its a furry dog a backyard A basket mouth. in in	A furry black dog in a backyard carrying a basket in its mouth.
green sit lonely ponchos in in Two a stadium. fans	Two lonely fans in green ponchos sit in a stadium.
by stands wall. man of a in front surrounded stone a red coat in lighthouse A a	A man in a red coat stands in front of a lighthouse surrounded by a stone wall.
merry-go-round. spinning watch the children Fathers as enjoy their	Fathers watch as their children enjoy the spinning merry-go-round.
the jumps in A girl grass.	A girl jumps in the grass.
a up for court. is going guy a on lay-up A basketball	A guy is going up for a lay-up on a basketball court.
dog A small in a its with swimming branch mouth.	A swimming dog with a small branch in its mouth.
a Three and sled. people	Three people and a sled.
outside competition. running a Two in men	Two men running outside in a competition.
a in a boy field	a boy in a field
Two juggling men young people blocks with watching. are multi-colored	Two young men are juggling multi-colored blocks with people watching.
is A park. child amusement plastic horse riding a an at	A child is riding a plastic horse at an amusement park.
boats. a beside people Two few small sitting	Two people sitting beside a few small boats.
bird waiting walks woman is outside behind while a her. alone A	A woman is waiting alone outside while a bird walks behind her.
a stick. retrieving dog A swims	A dog swims retrieving a stick.
are climbing. men The	The men are climbing.
a written shirt of Asian front a a woman in white in A in blue sign in and a an language. man shirt	A man in a blue shirt and a woman in a white shirt in front of a sign written in an Asian language.
One to street. has are cross a waiting dog. the Three guys	Three guys are waiting to cross the street. One has a dog.
on motorcycle. sits policeman a A	A policeman sits on a motorcycle.
huge man a wall lone a climbing rock	a lone man climbing a huge rock wall
yellow basketball court. ball boy in kicks soccer a A shorts in a	A boy in yellow shorts kicks a soccer ball in a basketball court.
the A stretches at woman by sunrise. ocean	A woman stretches by the ocean at sunrise.
a boy on a young playing are girl A laughing drum. big and	A young laughing girl and a boy are playing on a big drum.
at is jumping A dog and a black dog. white up brown	A brown dog is jumping up at a black and white dog.
A on jump. snowboard a person a in blue during	A person in blue on a snowboard during a jump.
the are down and her A two walking dogs street. woman	A woman and her two dogs are walking down the street.
jumping blue dog obstacle Black and white a over	Black and white dog jumping over a blue obstacle
in hay pile a with sun are shining overhead. the playing of children Two	Two children are playing in a pile of hay with the sun shining overhead.
bald jewelry red in and matching laugh. dresses Two ladies	Two bald ladies in red dresses and matching jewelry laugh.
the in runs , grass dog A white	A white dog runs in the grass ,
front A on limousine of a group of in people steps.	A limousine in front of a group of people on steps.
fountain girl young in plays A water.	A young girl plays in fountain water.
is The motorbiker off road biking on an trail	The motorbiker is biking on an off road trail
man winter in gear A woman and stand.	A woman and man in winter gear stand.
a though wading A stream are cliffs. steep group rocky between people of	A group of people are wading though a stream between steep rocky cliffs.
performing high trick on Skateboarder in a air a ramp. the	Skateboarder performing a trick high in the air on a ramp.
and white Some get a a chicken, food bucket. out some trying turkey dogs, of are to	Some chicken, dogs, and a turkey are trying to get some food out of a white bucket.
a race striped red white ribbons. and down road with travels A marked car red	A red race car travels down a road marked with red and white striped ribbons.
stream riding and of on water. rocks the is The climbing dirt is the bank bike the man the	The man is dirt bike riding is the stream and climbing the rocks on the bank of the water.
the are crowd a Several while sun in shines girls face. and is smiling her in one	Several girls are in a crowd and one is smiling while the sun shines in her face.
watch. A while crowds silver lot, in a car parking driven being	A silver car being driven in a parking lot, while crowds watch.
Two books bed. comic young in read boys	Two young boys read comic books in bed.
down black rapids carrying an A paddles and orange and person green canoe top. a wearing oars in	A person in a green canoe paddles down rapids carrying oars and wearing an orange and black top.
mountain is riding the with in wave surfer background. a a The	The surfer is riding a wave with a mountain in the background.
snow. around running in the are dogs Three	Three dogs are running around in the snow.
Two a boys kitchen. play in	Two boys play in a kitchen.
on a a dock people looking lake. great Two stand to out	Two people stand on a dock looking out to a great lake.
an ornate in A pink running, the pants Spanish girl in background. ruin	A girl in pink pants running, an ornate Spanish ruin in the background.
up is of the mouth holding woman on. A hand some in buildings another looks a man to while front of man his	A man is holding the hand of a woman up to his mouth in front of some buildings while another man looks on.
sidewalk a Several a against standing people leaning pole. are a man near on	Several people are standing on a sidewalk near a man leaning against a pole.
playing of colorful balls pit in full children Some a	Some children playing in a pit full of colorful balls
white a to jumping dog up with is orange ribbons A see countertop.	A white dog with orange ribbons is jumping up to see a countertop.
sand wrestling wrestlers in sumo Two ring. a	Two sumo wrestlers wrestling in a sand ring.
dog are snow. while snarls they in other brown at both the dogs the One	One brown dogs snarls at the other dog while they both are in the snow.
the over Large dark water. bird	Large dark bird over the water.
has The a tan yellow toy mouth. in its colored dog	The tan colored dog has a yellow toy in its mouth.
wet track. raced being A a sidecar is blue on and motorcycle	A blue motorcycle and sidecar is being raced on a wet track.
slide. going down child green a A	A child going down a green slide.
playing A girl boy and cricket	A boy and girl playing cricket
between waving dried of two A woman husk. from corn piles	A woman waving from between two piles of dried corn husk.
A brown is in playing white man. with pool dog a and a	A brown and white dog is playing in a pool with a man.
wearing bike over helmet A matching jumping hill. shirt is and a man his blue a	A man wearing a blue shirt and matching helmet is jumping his bike over a hill.
A boy who head. a has his bowl mad on	A mad boy who has a bowl on his head.
soccer guys field. on playing of A a group	A group of guys playing soccer on a field.
in Two with dogs fighting the two of legs a forest, background jeans the in men in	Two dogs fighting in a forest, with the legs of two men in jeans in the background
A person skateboarding park. skate a at	A person skateboarding at a skate park.
rapids. man down A kayaking	A man kayaking down rapids.
tennis a dog black fetching brown lake. in a ball A and	A brown and black dog fetching a tennis ball in a lake.
in shot, player a jersey background. Basketball with on to crowd make 32 jumps	Basketball player with 32 on jersey jumps to make a shot, crowd in background.
There four are girls on with shorts walking together.	There are four girls with shorts on walking together.
pool of football. off the to leaping The is catch a man deck	The man is leaping off of the pool deck to catch a football.
girl and playing boy are outdoor the gym. on The	The boy and girl are playing on the outdoor gym.
Boy wall. rock in tunic on green	Boy in green tunic on rock wall.
at A camera. dog the grinning	A dog grinning at the camera.
and A shirt no shorts. young boy with white	A young boy with no shirt and white shorts.
looks up on A dog ripping content some bed sitting a paper after	A dog looks content sitting on a bed after ripping up some paper
a little yellow animal. holds The balloon up girl	The little girl holds up a yellow balloon animal.
bike the dirt desert. man the is air A his riding through in	A man is riding his dirt bike through the air in the desert.
Surfer yellow on board. long	Surfer on long yellow board.
getting Two a a store drink at guys counter.	Two guys getting a drink at a store counter.
A getting shirtless hit ready is to a man tennis ball.	A shirtless man is getting ready to hit a tennis ball.
is falling girl challenges strip the for the ball. white as the soccer the girl in strip The blue down in	The girl in the white strip is falling down as the girl in the blue strip challenges for the soccer ball.
lined outside. team is sports A up	A sports team is lined up outside.
dog on a white A edge of chair the laying	A dog laying on the edge of a white chair
a chased black a being by cow brown cow and dog a	a black cow and a brown cow being chased by a dog
in snow. in lake tutu a A man a waterskies surrounded by	A man in a tutu waterskies in a lake surrounded by snow.
run object. beach, on playing dogs two unknown with Three	Three dogs run on beach, two playing with unknown object.
white The dog across snow. runs the	The white dog runs across the snow.
gate. in man by A a the shirt cellphone on his is white	A man in a white shirt is on his cellphone by the gate.
A corgie walks platform. thin blue a on	A corgie walks on a thin blue platform.
pattern with a stands in man ladies. two outside a fancy A jacket club	A man in a fancy pattern jacket stands outside a club with two ladies.
path. dogs brown grassy are walking Five a down	Five brown dogs are walking down a grassy path.
mask is a black red man box. a with A carrying	A black man with a red mask is carrying a box.
link in outfits Two a hang fence. children chain on identical	Two children in identical outfits hang on a chain link fence.
a swimmer pool in A swimming butterfly	A swimmer swimming butterfly in a pool
on made men to up trying Two tires. to from a the walkway themselves hoist of water	Two men trying to hoist themselves up from the water on to a walkway made of tires.
backstroke. A suit in dark a swimmer swimming blue	A swimmer in a dark blue suit swimming backstroke.
brown log. A dog tongue over a sticking with out jumping	A brown dog with tongue sticking out jumping over a log.
bubbles is boy blowing A	A boy is blowing bubbles
has black man The a riding bike. a and wear gloves goatee while	The man has a goatee and wear black gloves while riding a bike.
an people of group air marina. launch of front A a in rocket	A group of people launch an air rocket in front of a marina.
ball. and uniform white chasing a in blue team child a soccer A	A child in a blue and white team uniform chasing a soccer ball.
megaphone. a A a to woman holding next man	A man next to a woman holding a megaphone.
of and a woman holds An her. in front smiles attractive brunette beverage	An attractive brunette woman smiles and holds a beverage in front of her.
into is a brown lake. dog shallow The large walking	The large brown dog is walking into a shallow lake.
bobsled A through a snowy team trail. runs	A bobsled team runs through a snowy trail.
surrounded A boy by pigeons. is	A boy is surrounded by pigeons.
track. a dirt are dogs on racing Five	Five dogs are racing on a dirt track.
on puppies a couch. Three play	Three puppies play on a couch.
Two in dogs field. a playing	Two dogs playing in a field.
rider a blurry Two wheelie. one road, motorcyclists a on doing	Two motorcyclists on a blurry road, one rider doing a wheelie.
cars a Two race track. down	Two cars race down a track.
look sit and young men A in on of the rock distance. group	A group of young men sit on rock and look in the distance.
sitting unique couch. with mullet a while young A smokes a on man	A young man with a mullet smokes while sitting on a unique couch.
A hand woman in midst crowded all purple. lit in in the her establishment the of device concentrates on a	A woman concentrates on the device in her hand in the midst of a crowded establishment all lit in purple.
cold is dressed weather. The lady for	The lady is dressed for cold weather.
Children a in pool. playing	Children playing in a pool.
blue with in a around blue sweater head. her scarf A a woman	A woman in a blue sweater with a blue scarf around her head.
a A its has toy brown white dog mouth. in	A brown dog has a white toy in its mouth.
leaps grass, run catch to ball. blue one Three on dogs	Three dogs run on grass, one leaps to catch blue ball.
man tug dog play a war and of A with his rope.	A man and his dog play tug of war with a rope.
blindfolded boy. A a by girl and a person being	A person being blindfolded by a girl and a boy.
in dogs waves. playing the Two	Two dogs playing in the waves.
with a is tree a on trunk A standing fallen dog the guy background. lab in	A lab dog is standing on a fallen tree trunk with a guy in the background.
dog mucky A ground. running through	A dog running through mucky ground.
blue boy Blond with shirt. face wiping his his	Blond boy wiping his face with his blue shirt.
dogs across field. walk Three together snowy a	Three dogs walk together across a snowy field.
a girl with a There a and hair green playing blond a on playground. sweatshirt shirt red is little	There is a little blond hair girl with a green sweatshirt and a red shirt playing on a playground.
black a dog with a playing and brown stick	a black and brown dog playing with a stick
woman A a on horse.	A woman on a horse.
is it in air the tries as Frisbee. catch a to dog twisting A	A dog is twisting in the air as it tries to catch a Frisbee.
the a near leaping water motorboat. dog A into	A dog leaping into the water near a motorboat.
young kneel blue man clothing. themed woman in A while wall a beside and dressed	A woman and young man kneel beside a wall while dressed in blue themed clothing.
containing Two of seal. the children large touch a tank glass a	Two children touch the glass of a large tank containing a seal.
playing guys dogs beach. the two with on are Two	Two guys are playing with two dogs on the beach.
man while A his leaning head redheaded forward. smokes cigarette a	A redheaded man smokes a cigarette while leaning his head forward.
people are A crowd socializing. of	A crowd of people are socializing.
white running woods. through dog A	A white dog running through woods.
and holding walk snow. boy little green coat red sled girl the A a in in a a	A little girl in a green coat and a boy holding a red sled walk in the snow.
window. a men of American African plates food receiving out of	African American men receiving plates of food out of a window.
snow. grey A bobbed tail in digs a dog with	A grey dog with a bobbed tail digs in snow.
path. in boys a capes walking little on Two	Two little boys in capes walking on a path.
children and in brown uniform American parade with at a a veteran flags a	a veteran in a brown uniform at a parade with children and American flags
brown, dog grassy field. and white a A in black, play	A brown, black, and white dog play in a grassy field.
a girl man and floating small innertube. an A on	A man and a small girl floating on an innertube.
group of potted with of plants. sit people patio on A an outdoor lots	A group of people sit on an outdoor patio with lots of potted plants.
sprayed two children being water are by The	The two children are being sprayed by water
a child A to mouth. water house his with	A child with a water house to his mouth.
splashes dog in the water. A murky	A dog splashes in the murky water.
The on play the snow. dogs	The dogs play on the snow.
train doing tracks. a on jump skateboarder A	A skateboarder doing a jump on train tracks.
or outdoor near in Several a and are swimming people large dogs pool.	Several people and dogs are in or near a large outdoor swimming pool.
by a accompanied paddles a canoe man dog. A	A man paddles a canoe accompanied by a dog.
is on a young The sandy girl beach. running	The young girl is running on a sandy beach.
in A coat and red shed. front child of grey a in wooden a	A child in a red and grey coat in front of a wooden shed.
in Black dirt down a bandanna dog runs road. a	Black dog in a bandanna runs down a dirt road.
near in cowboy the bleachers on water guitar. sits plays hat A and a man	A man in a cowboy hat sits on bleachers near the water and plays guitar.
in out catch to splashes his something. arms A pool a boy with	A boy splashes in a pool with his arms out to catch something.
front people. running an is in course dog through group obstacle A of a of	A dog is running through an obstacle course in front of a group of people.
happy plants tie One the man a man. and vest of cheek in on kiss another a	One man in a vest and tie plants a kiss on the cheek of another happy man.
food Girl plate on serving boy and	Girl and boy serving food on plate
jumping is the opposing wrestler ropes wrestler. another onto An top off	An opposing wrestler is jumping off the top ropes onto another wrestler.
are sitting The men on bench. old a	The old men are sitting on a bench.
is dog and through hair. large the A leaping white brown	A large brown and white dog is leaping through the hair.
lying in people rocks. gray The are two	The two people are lying in gray rocks.
on breaking blue his with stands The the a foot man mat. ice	The man breaking the ice with his foot stands on a blue mat.
lady umbrella. street costume in the is is white The carrying a and a black wearing and white	The lady in the street is wearing a white and black costume and is carrying a white umbrella.
dog outdoors at A and brown standing black is night.	A black and brown dog is standing outdoors at night.
snow. dog A running through	A dog running through snow.
in white that little covered A corner him and is powder over boy is floor. the in the all a	A little boy is in the corner covered in a white powder that is all over him and the floor.
gear football running boy A in football with the	A boy in football gear running with the football
graveyard a Members fraternal in of organization a	Members of a fraternal organization in a graveyard
snow. runs dog through Black	Black dog runs through snow.
a his and jacket balck in sliding snowy red A hill down hat knees on boy a	A boy in a red jacket and balck hat sliding on his knees down a snowy hill
into air. boy and the The small throwing a pool is man the in	The man is in the pool and throwing a small boy into the air.
above the lab water. with swims, head its black only A	A black lab swims, with only its head above the water.
a with runs boy young on shirt a at dinosaur A playground.	A young boy with a dinosaur shirt on runs at a playground.
white with sidewalk. poses on her dog woman a A	A woman poses with her white dog on a sidewalk.
an others while walk wearing around. reads orange child a book young shirt A	A young child wearing an orange shirt reads a book while others walk around.
Person is shirt in with playing the sprinklers. striped	Person with striped shirt is playing in the sprinklers.
of jumps dog out creek. a A	A dog jumps out of a creek.
children Two doing watching. other as stand are cartwheels girls around	Two girls are doing cartwheels as other children stand around watching.
shaking water of The dog off his is body.	The dog is shaking water off of his body.
is about to be The hit. tennis ball	The tennis ball is about to be hit.
Two each dogs a faces of others inside bite house.	Two dogs bite each others faces inside of a house.
in a volleyball. A girl hitting grassy field a	A girl in a grassy field hitting a volleyball.
fenced yard. are in playing greyhounds a Two	Two greyhounds are playing in a fenced yard.
on. players referee control Two to get the the of puck as hockey try looks	Two hockey players try to get control of the puck as the referee looks on.
domed a is towards a running beach on building. white dog A	A white dog is running on a beach towards a domed building.
in another A child, child young a plays hose and a adults. field with with two	A young child plays with a hose in a field with another child, and two adults.
A breastfeeding. dog	A dog breastfeeding.
tan is a sand. wearing dog A muzzle running on	A tan dog wearing a muzzle is running on sand.
are behind Two beach on a an oriental them in statue standing water. people the with	Two people are standing on a beach with an oriental statue behind them in the water.
child turning reflection own the smiling. A in his camera front and of towards	A child in front of his own reflection turning towards the camera and smiling.
other. dogs Two facing are each	Two dogs are facing each other.
A full of child a man people hands boat. man boat a that the on a is over on standing to not	A man standing on a boat full of people hands a child over to a man that is not on the boat.
Two the camera. through are away dogs from snow, running	Two dogs are running through snow, away from the camera.
drives rider dirt. in through his a A the dirt yellow suits bike	A rider in a yellow suits drives his dirt bike through the dirt.
his around outstretched neck. headphones One while hands another man his has has	One man has his hands outstretched while another has headphones around his neck.
catch jumping a in yellow A a is to toy dog park.	A yellow dog is jumping to catch a toy in a park.
farm of A the to a in begins dog animal bit the grass. brown leg	A brown dog begins to bit the leg of a farm animal in the grass.
crane is white in a The pond. food searching for	The white crane is searching for food in a pond.
standing on and cars. shorts near striped red shirt, cap with pavement orange Child	Child with striped shirt, red shorts and orange cap standing on pavement near cars.
with beautiful the on a in lake. sunset boat three A people	A beautiful sunset with three people in a boat on the lake.
water in red Black with collar dog splashing	Black dog with red collar splashing in water
obstacle. horse jumping a are over equestrian and An an	An equestrian and a horse are jumping over an obstacle.
over man a stair rides A handrail. his bike	A man rides his bike over a stair handrail.
in catch dog A a leaping yard. Frisbee to the	A dog leaping to catch a Frisbee in the yard.
woman A display at a looking colorful	A woman looking at a colorful display
walking is wearing through shirt. wet blue sand a child A	A child is walking through wet sand wearing a blue shirt.
through the A runs dog grass.	A dog runs through the grass.
strips A around players cones of running team are on in field. a soccer sports white	A team of soccer players in white strips are running around cones on a sports field.
blue steps. Group sitting of in uniforms on children	Group of children in blue uniforms sitting on steps.
A of down players run uniforms football field. a foggy wearing blue group	A group of football players wearing blue uniforms run down a foggy field.
lean along a races track. dirt dog A	A lean dog races along a dirt track.
after exit water a dog about ready brown A small the is to swim.	A small brown dog is about ready to exit the water after a swim.
children red a flowers. in Two of field	Two children in a field of red flowers.
cliff a rope from ocean. a A into descends person the	A person descends a rope from a cliff into the ocean.
a rides mud. young the motorbike through child A	A young child rides a motorbike through the mud.
This of bread is eating her in girl shirt. piece a striped	This girl is eating a piece of bread in her striped shirt.
grinds a the skateboarder rail.	a skateboarder grinds the rail.
leash. and red a black A dogs pulling brown	A black and brown dogs pulling a red leash.
is yard. white a running The green dog and on black	The black and white dog is running on a green yard.
field. with on its two dog in paws rock A front a a	A dog with its two front paws on a rock in a field.
skiing. A girl	A girl skiing.
in water. dog A playing	A dog playing in water.
of people A protective group gear. in	A group of people in protective gear.
with a tube. A plays water boy	A boy plays with a water tube.
sunglasses A earrings and smiles. dice wearing woman blonde	A blonde woman wearing sunglasses and dice earrings smiles.
participates girl a costume a A in in parade.	A girl in a costume participates in a parade.
People hockey. playing	People playing hockey.
gathered around a birthday cake children Smiling	Smiling children gathered around a birthday cake
large posing rock. man is short a shorts on in A	A man in short shorts is posing on a large rock.
Two dogs the on object are curious both the about sidewalk.	Two dogs are both curious about the object on the sidewalk.
in Three the dogs play grass.	Three dogs play in the grass.
kitchen in Boy wearing headphones.	Boy in kitchen wearing headphones.
other sniffing one the two is other. and black each brown, are There dogs, is	There are two dogs, one is black and the other is brown, sniffing each other.
sticks hula Girl two out with tongue hooping hoops while	Girl sticks tongue out while hula hooping with two hoops
a of front women standing at looking Two mountains. in fence	Two women standing in front of a fence looking at mountains.
down biker hill. a goes dirt dirt A	A dirt biker goes down a dirt hill.
a player watches. sidelines football football with the along runs crowd a as A	A football player runs along the sidelines with a football as a crowd watches.
bottles area. in Boys urban carts shopping pose with in	Boys with bottles pose in shopping carts in urban area.
a the man on large off dozes bus.	a large man dozes off on the bus.
The in is race. a greyhound running	The greyhound is running in a race.
a A gun, a dog. and man,	A man, a gun, and a dog.
runs man follows. A down field a the another sports wearing uniform as	A man wearing a sports uniform runs down the field as another follows.
is in the football. foot grass on face down a lying Boy his with	Boy is lying face down in the grass with his foot on a football.
carrying blue pink to shirt, a wearing and and A blue wall. girl yellow backpack is brown-haired a walking next a	A brown-haired girl wearing a yellow and pink shirt, and carrying a blue backpack is walking next to a blue wall.
floor the puppy on running	puppy running on the floor
bench. a men two sit on	two men sit on a bench.
phone his on A sidewalk. straw busy others man while in a walk a shades hat	A man in a straw hat shades his phone while others walk on a busy sidewalk.
sign and a a old thumbs-up a his An white-haired right gives hand. cap blue man with beard with	An old man with a white-haired beard and a blue cap gives a thumbs-up sign with his right hand.
white different each of shades brown and in Three and dogs other. biting licking	Three dogs in different shades of brown and white biting and licking each other.
A man holding a pool. a swimming over baby	A man holding a baby over a swimming pool.
shoulder. American helmet a has a wearing pink on of her a native woman a crash tattoo	a woman wearing a pink crash helmet has a tattoo of a native American on her shoulder.
speed Someone is on water. in a boat the	Someone is in a speed boat on the water.
half-dressed bottom river the small a of waterfall. into A walks a man at	A half-dressed man walks into a river at the bottom of a small waterfall.
opposing in player chases match. an a A man Rugby	A man chases an opposing player in a Rugby match.
cap. Snowboarder in yellow wearing while spike air	Snowboarder in air while wearing yellow spike cap.
dress white a toddler small A walking girl in	A small toddler girl in a white dress walking
grass. multicolored several dogs the through running	several multicolored dogs running through the grass.
A mountain climber the follows of the edge mountain.	A mountain climber follows the edge of the mountain.
that newspaper ". woman says A a holds change Real "	A woman holds a newspaper that says " Real change ".
people a dog sweeping and group snow. A of	A group of people and a dog sweeping snow.
a pink running sprinkler. in A in through girl little	A little girl in pink in running through a sprinkler.
with knee. hits soccer ball and boy The blue his the white	The boy hits the blue and white soccer ball with his knee.
at boy A bike on cameraman. the looks stops his and back	A boy on his bike stops and looks back at the cameraman.
stunt man A bike performs a the over sand. dirt	A man performs a dirt bike stunt over the sand.
playing football Two huge before a players football crowd.	Two football players playing football before a huge crowd.
is man numerous carrying penguins A plain. accross a	A man is carrying numerous penguins accross a plain.
blue bucket beneath girl splashes The pier. the the with	The girl with the blue bucket splashes beneath the pier.
along is a a in A dirt brick park. in the bike a walkway child riding young	A young child is riding a bike in the dirt along a brick walkway in a park.
A beach. white-bearded rides bicycle man the a on	A white-bearded man rides a bicycle on the beach.
looking is that black the cat window. at the is tabby a sitting by dog	a black dog is looking at the tabby cat that is sitting by the window.
on nose writing hands and is in his rental store. bruised with boy standing video a a a	a boy with a bruised nose and writing on his hands is standing in a video rental store.
landscape man mountain Silhouette front of of in	Silhouette of man in front of mountain landscape
person A four-wheeler rides in the a air.	A person rides a four-wheeler in the air.
dog the A in water. running	A dog running in the water.
a A falling hill. skier down	A skier falling down a hill.
of group watches a skateboard on off ramp. launch people a a boy A	A group of people watches a boy on a skateboard launch off a ramp.
eats boy A with a spoon.	A boy eats with a spoon.
brown yard. front is a a messy dog plats the A with of mix middle of van in standing in euro chow	A brown chow mix dog is standing in front of a van with euro plats in the middle of a messy yard.
standing string. play to Cat with	Cat standing to play with string.
man plate french fries. a of by A a is sitting Woman eating	A Woman sitting by a man is eating a plate of french fries.
outfits. cheerleader A of in girls bunch	A bunch of girls in cheerleader outfits.
young boy leaps off A swing. a	A young boy leaps off a swing.
crowd with on. white asian a looking performing children hats of in shirts Group and dressed	Group of asian children dressed in white shirts and hats performing with a crowd looking on.
on basketball a with adult A a young male stands court.	A young adult male stands with a basketball on a court.
Man skateboarding	Man skateboarding
is on A playground a a boy at pole.	A boy is at a playground on a pole.
slide. man sledding A orange an on is	A man is sledding on an orange slide.
is red and team The has the football, man the nearby. white in in	The man in red has the football, and the team in white is nearby.
wall with in on blue A bags. sits man a	A man in blue sits on a wall with bags.
dirt group horseback travel riders down A a path. of	A group of horseback riders travel down a dirt path.
down A a a runs competition at ramp. dog	A dog at a competition runs down a ramp.
brooms the the forefront. in standing of in snow dog a with group people A with	A group of people with brooms standing in the snow with a dog in the forefront.
two reading boys books superhero	two boys reading superhero books
yellow of some a sitting man inside sort vehicle	a man sitting inside some sort of yellow vehicle
white. in red sitting knee the white and of man a is red on also wearing cheerleader The and	The cheerleader in red and white is sitting on the knee of a man also wearing red and white.
swimming crowded man red down baby stroller A pushing beach. trunks a in a	A man in red swimming trunks pushing a baby stroller down a crowded beach.
running eyes front in runs of A with dog. another his dog bulging out	A dog with his eyes bulging out runs in front of another running dog.
in standing in of hats a people. Men black crowd are	Men in black hats are standing in a crowd of people.
dressed in Two girls dressed and one brown. white in	Two girls dressed in white and one dressed in brown.
and something field white is running A the dog its to catch mouth. in through black	A black and white dog is running through the field to catch something in its mouth.
the a wearing A vest in is water. man orange blue canoeing	A man wearing a orange vest is canoeing in the blue water.
the of a Two men ice chest. lake an on sitting bank with	Two men sitting on the bank of a lake with an ice chest.
park a a in dog playing	a dog playing in a park
in in is A the boots girl active grass.	A girl in boots is active in the grass.
bunch A of beach. dogs on a	A bunch of dogs on a beach.
women man Two a and jackets black and wearing smiling. are all	Two women and a man are all wearing black jackets and smiling.
getting swimsuit ready her is A in compete. girl to young	A young girl in her swimsuit is getting ready to compete.
beach, dogs on Two the into water running the	Two dogs on the beach, running into the water
wall. a A wooden man a wearing on bench white sits against white	A man wearing white sits on a wooden bench against a white wall.
while front in grabbing jumping trees. her woman of A feet	A woman grabbing her feet while jumping in front of trees.
A during woman picture day. a the takes	A woman takes a picture during the day.
wearing sunglasses. white a woman a her while and black holding outfit	a woman wearing a black and white outfit while holding her sunglasses.
Man picture. for shorts white green and shirt a with poses	Man with white shirt and green shorts poses for a picture.
fountain a grey background. in a to the with in a A next t-shirt in standing a top man tank man camouflage	A man in a camouflage tank top standing next to a man in a grey t-shirt with a fountain in the background.
look wet on. A air boy dog woman flies through and the amazed an while	A wet dog flies through the air while an amazed woman and boy look on.
A front a in a men in statue group are lion. of of standing suits of	A group of men in suits are standing in front of a statue of a lion.
snowy Skiers slope. progress in uniform down a	Skiers in uniform progress down a snowy slope.
white jacket and in sunglasses with shirt a a in black woman and is his a turned. There man back a	There is a woman in a black jacket and sunglasses and a man in a white shirt with his back turned.
leaves. dogs run the near together Two	Two dogs run together near the leaves.
while a of jumping is tree records side it. someone person skis in A off the	A person in skis is jumping off the side of a tree while someone records it.
is an climbing overhang the above ground. A high under climber	A climber is climbing under an overhang high above the ground.
in slide screaming pool. bikini of girl a A into a the a end emerging water at pink	A girl in a pink bikini screaming at the end of a water slide emerging into a pool.
brown A dog through runs shallow water.	A brown dog runs through shallow water.
A horse race professional	A professional horse race
carriage. a are Two sky people in	Two people are in a sky carriage.
dog Long running haired lawn a on	Long haired dog running on a lawn
white Man and its shirt Frisbee in black dog white mouth. in a white has who for Frisbee tossing	Man in white shirt tossing Frisbee for black and white dog who has a white Frisbee in its mouth.
ATV race. A people group an of the of on sidelines	A group of people on the sidelines of an ATV race.
burning incense. over holding A stands copper bowl many woman a	A woman stands over a copper bowl holding many burning incense.
book a a reading bench. man on wearing A metal black a hat sunglasses and camouflage	A man wearing a camouflage hat and sunglasses reading a book on a black metal bench.
an in her A hand, walking older the with side. white woman a purple bag while are man off and past woman in to	A woman in purple walking past with a white bag in her hand, while an older man and woman are off to the side.
sign on standing holding the Man street a	Man standing on the street holding a sign
man climbing. shirtless bald, rock A	A bald, shirtless man rock climbing.
a mansion. to A in the lies dog grass next	A dog lies in the grass next to a mansion.
catches skier air. A	A skier catches air.
men five play football.	five men play football.
with the funny child small stands red a road. in hat A	A small child with a funny red hat stands in the road.
in top ramp. shirt, a a the A maneuvers of skateboard young an at man orange	A young man in an orange shirt, maneuvers a skateboard at the top of a ramp.
water. dove White glides above	White dove glides above water.
a blue and red in football in A play one game. player in	A football player in blue and one in red play in a game.
and Some wine television. watching men women while drink	Some men and women drink wine while watching television.
holds upside down young A boy puddle a over of man water. a	A man holds a young boy upside down over a puddle of water.
in a race. Dogs	Dogs in a race.
playing rough dogs in brown Two a manner.	Two brown dogs playing in a rough manner.
up jumping in dog white the Black snow. and	Black and white dog jumping up in the snow.
Two a people on motorcycle.	Two people on a motorcycle.
young girl a jumps bed. A on	A young girl jumps on a bed.
doing trees flip is The some through skier a	The skier is doing a flip through some trees
large a jump. a man performs	a man performs a large jump.
girl tools with examining excavating rock. a A sits	A girl sits with excavating tools examining a rock.
same the kids into two looking camera young	two young kids looking into the same camera
a street men a on has the are TV table Two a and monitor standing it. laptop in behind that	Two men are standing in the street behind a table that has a laptop and a TV monitor on it.
and standing ground near holding man the row leg. first cars, the a on man another man's A of	A man on the ground near a row of cars, and another man standing holding the first man's leg.
birds is row in a A grey sitting cloud. of of front	A row of birds is sitting in front of a grey cloud.
dog and three red A a running behind brown black a legged bandanna. with dog white	A three legged black and white dog running behind a brown dog with a red bandanna.
one upfront the the and The is spotlight, is drummer in back gutarist under a under too.	The gutarist upfront is under a spotlight, and the drummer in the back is under one too.
above of pelicans. mid-flight a A in group pelican	A pelican in mid-flight above a group of pelicans.
in water. dogs Two the	Two dogs in the water.
climbs cliff. steep wearing no man a shirt A	A man wearing no shirt climbs a steep cliff.
helmet in wearing riding A bicycle bike a person a blue a jacket, is	A person in a blue jacket, wearing a bicycle helmet is riding a bike
in socializing Teenagers the shade.	Teenagers socializing in the shade.
the football kick An player ball. to Oklahoma attempts	An Oklahoma football player attempts to kick the ball.
looks while a man wrestling boys Two the sand in on	Two boys wrestling in the sand while a man looks on
waterskies life with a man jacket. A	A man waterskies with a life jacket.
an a agility A dog leads through woman competition. small	A woman leads a small dog through an agility competition.
him. man while an There using machine, ground a on next to the ATM man is a sleeps	There is a man using an ATM machine, while a man sleeps on the ground next to him.
dog runs the The in snow. deep	The dog runs in the deep snow.
in dressed ball up. Two man a third a men while walks white hit	Two men dressed in white hit a ball while a third man walks up.
a bmx. A on man	A man on a bmx.
girl young A walks outside. quickly	A young girl walks quickly outside.
holds a a A Mohawk while painting child with woman face mirror. her a	A woman painting her face while a child with a Mohawk holds a mirror.
with A person night. walks at woman another	A woman walks with another person at night.
behind a the right. and barricade toward A wait people look of group	A group of people wait behind a barricade and look toward the right.
along runs dog white and the A brown shoreline.	A white and brown dog runs along the shoreline.
collars black each playing and are A brown with other. and dog wearing a	A brown and a black dog are wearing collars and playing with each other.
water. young the wearing beach walking A boy swim the on into trunks blue	A young boy wearing blue swim trunks on the beach walking into the water.
in a at blue A galloping horse rides pace. jockey a	A jockey in blue rides a horse at a galloping pace.
at on rain, a The track, are the night. in cars	The cars are on a track, in the rain, at night.
samples. full green a Woman apron is and drink of in hat a holding dressed try	Woman dressed in a green hat and apron is holding a try full of drink samples.
sliding small into a pool. is A child	A child is sliding into a small pool.
a in track. Dogs racing curve around the	Dogs racing around a curve in the track.
in her a A iced holds face. girl on drink her look concentration her of with gloved-hand	A girl holds her iced drink in her gloved-hand with a look of concentration on her face.
green a girl coat a flute playing walks rural down in A road a	A girl in a green coat walks down a rural road playing a flute
being is game hockey A played.	A hockey game is being played.
dog snow. in A red crouches the	A red dog crouches in the snow.
waterfall A into shallow cascades pool. a	A waterfall cascades into a shallow pool.
The of a girl shirt striped a swing. out jumped little	The little girl a striped shirt jumped out of a swing.
Three clothing. final on the wearing touches apparel women make their traditional	Three women wearing traditional apparel make the final touches on their clothing.
by green, sword indoors playing toy. light-up with tree, Christmas Boy	Boy indoors by Christmas tree, playing with green, light-up sword toy.
air. the A in is parasail yellow	A yellow parasail is in the air.
helmet, the water. man floating wearing a in A	A man wearing a helmet, floating in the water.
playing fall coats in leaves. Children in	Children in coats playing in fall leaves.
ball tennis in a a courtyard. dog concrete A chases	A dog chases a tennis ball in a concrete courtyard.
A look toward water. and in out wedding woman man the clothes a	A man and a woman in wedding clothes look out toward the water.
trick is snowboarder an A outside attempting railing. down a	A snowboarder is attempting a trick down an outside railing.
yellow Photographer bus. picture shooting of	Photographer shooting picture of yellow bus.
A soccer out a to holding dog. man ball a grey deflated	A man holding out a deflated soccer ball to a grey dog.
lying above mattress a climbing is a the face ground climber is a that on rock below.	a climber is climbing a rock face above a mattress that is lying on the ground below.
background. climb on rock a the in a man trees white with Two holding and a boys shade visible hat lawn a and	Two boys and a man holding a white hat climb on a rock with a lawn and shade trees visible in the background.
through brown and walking the A dog white water. is	A white and brown dog is walking through the water.
large Two a its carrying in mouth. dish one dogs,	Two dogs, one carrying a large dish in its mouth.
a grassy a and field. A dog tan grey on dog playing	A grey dog and a tan dog playing on a grassy field.
hands. they man bottles as A in faded of ladies their hold beer looking and two	A man and two ladies looking faded as they hold bottles of beer in their hands.
wearing area. kimonos in middle Two shopping people talking the of a	Two people talking wearing kimonos in the middle of a shopping area.
of group children A tambourines. play	A group of children play tambourines.
weather. of group walk students A nice in college	A group of college students walk in nice weather.
A white a black talking a man shirt to and wearing is woman jacket a bar. at	A man wearing a black jacket and white shirt is talking to a woman at a bar.
a red the facing back her with to a A dress panel girl little camera. with	A little girl with a red dress facing a panel with her back to the camera.
for heron, wings, blue landing. A outstreached, prepares	A blue heron, wings, outstreached, prepares for landing.
boy a with a pool a water green gun in playing young	a young boy in a pool playing with a green water gun
boy baseball family a little his hits A watches while	A little boy hits a baseball while his family watches
playing a pebble beach kids water by Two on the	Two kids playing on a pebble beach by the water
Child and around pool. green splashing in is blue a	Child is splashing around in a green and blue pool.
A police a policeperson is near motorcycle.	A policeperson is near a police motorcycle.
front asphalt. riding cyclist their on on wheel the A	A cyclist riding on their front wheel on the asphalt.
Two of yellow one a play ball, in water and front orange some with field. a boys, in	Two boys, one with a yellow and orange ball, play in some water in front of a field.
leash through dog water White running with	White dog with leash running through water
flowers sitting the young boys in on man, with bench woman, A are background. a two and	A man, woman, and two young boys are sitting on a bench with flowers in the background.
cheered running The being race by is on a man spectators. is	The man is running a race is being cheered on by spectators.
race. jerseys are running a There dogs wearing three numbered	There are three dogs wearing numbered jerseys running a race.
is the in The girl jacket walking the ski near buildings.	The girl in the ski jacket is walking near the buildings.
brown A white dog in little running water. the and is	A little white and brown dog is running in the water.
playing soccer. boys Three	Three boys playing soccer.
bike ramp. boy with is his the tricks A on doing	A boy is doing tricks with his bike on the ramp.
red a bright jacket and hat. blue white man older An with hair a	An older man with white hair a blue jacket and a bright red hat.
winter blue and wearing A pushing small a through snow. and snowsuit black a plow child cap red a	A small child wearing a red winter cap and a blue and black snowsuit pushing a plow through snow.
of a bunch sit the A in people of awning. shade cement	A bunch of people sit in the shade of a cement awning.
a a mountain. woman climbs A striped shirt in up	A woman in a striped shirt climbs up a mountain.
woman brick an wearing red against a wall. costume A a instrument plays	A woman wearing a red costume plays an instrument against a brick wall.
gloves is brown the wearing snow. female jacket pink A a and smiling in	A female wearing pink gloves and a brown jacket is smiling in the snow.
Two going children holding hands slide. inflatable down large a	Two children holding hands going down a large inflatable slide.
on surfer a move reentry makes wave. a The	The surfer makes a reentry move on a wave.
water the taking bird is off out of	bird is taking off out of the water
banner. A paint a on to brush vertical person chinese a characters using	A person using a brush to paint chinese characters on a vertical banner.
Large in brown shallow water. dog walking	Large brown dog walking in shallow water.
a is dog playing ball A water. with in brown the	A brown dog is playing with a ball in the water.
snow-covered A standing night. metal a a structure small on man on	A man standing on a small metal structure on a snow-covered night.
dogs play in Two snow the	Two dogs play in the snow
with rock peak widows face. up Man reaching	Man with widows peak reaching up rock face.
white playing in snow. the dog brown is The	The brown dog is playing in the white snow.
in A sands man ledge front his a ocean. with rocky out arms on the of	A man sands with his arms out on a rocky ledge in front of the ocean.
sitting a cheerleaders football Two at are game.	Two cheerleaders are sitting at a football game.
The man parking the handicapped lot. past wheels	The handicapped man wheels past the parking lot.
a to ready sand. A yellow standing catch the in dog ball gets while	A dog gets ready to catch a yellow ball while standing in the sand.
and a woman A splashing in girl water.	A woman and a girl splashing in water.
the are muzzles dogs Two through and brown fast wearing running very grass.	Two brown dogs are wearing muzzles and running very fast through the grass.
A pool into gets with small child from a woman. help a	A small child gets into a pool with help from a woman.
uniforms and of off black shows their skimpy markings women group in legs. on black red young A	A group of young women in skimpy red and black uniforms shows off black markings on their legs.
Three school uniforms boys the young pose wearing and for camera. smile	Three young boys wearing school uniforms pose and smile for the camera.
Two women barefoot black up. are in outfits and looking	Two women in black outfits and barefoot are looking up.
open bringing dog an grass is little back on field. ball A a	A little dog is bringing back a ball on an open grass field.
walking woman water. through holding A is a child	A woman holding a child is walking through water.
A in stands water. dog	A dog stands in water.
the dog a a water into Frisbee chasing	a dog chasing a Frisbee into the water
sunglasses. in young skateboards top pants, man a and shoes, A black with white black	A young man skateboards in black shoes, black pants, and a white top with sunglasses.
wearing men hats. Two	Two men wearing hats.
half-pipe. rides his boy bike on a A	A boy rides his bike on a half-pipe.
the dog brown tongue and front The hanging white its stands out. with woods in of	The white and brown dog stands in front of the woods with its tongue hanging out.
day beach ocean. are by on a sandy People a sunny the enjoying	People are enjoying a sunny day on a sandy beach by the ocean.
around not his owner. with walking but with leash his A dog	A dog walking around with his leash but not with his owner.
men adult while a them. watch two pool swimming are Children playing in	Children are playing in a swimming pool while two adult men watch them.
Black the toy jumping snow. to dog a air into catch the in	Black dog jumping into the air to catch a toy in the snow.
grey A in a background. river the of chases crows, bunch a dog	A grey dog chases a bunch of crows, a river in the background.
rock the on climbing is woods. in a blue in jacket A man a	A man in a blue jacket is climbing on a rock in the woods.
people a in canoe. are Two	Two people are in a canoe.
background. shadow, ocean woman lifts in Young in sunset arms and	Young woman lifts arms in shadow, ocean and sunset in background.
rides motorcycle red bike. 75 racer black and Number his	Number 75 motorcycle racer rides his red and black bike.
sitting a A person by a rock on fall.	A person sitting on a rock by a fall.
in A green squirts water boy pool gun. bright a a	A boy in a pool squirts a bright green water gun.
and leg a is practicing sport. white white man wearing padding The clothes	The man wearing white clothes and white leg padding is practicing a sport.
sinks up of to the car in The its the mud. wheels tops	The car sinks up to the tops of its wheels in the mud.
is girl turning. while and girl the A boy rope together rope are holding another jumping and	A boy and girl are jumping rope together while another girl is holding the rope and turning.
on boy wearing sitting shorts bed. Small blue	Small boy wearing blue shorts sitting on bed.
to the boy a with snake holds in it ground. a close A net	A boy holds a net with a snake in it close to the ground.
young A rockets. foam girl two plastic toy playing and with	A young girl playing with two plastic and foam toy rockets.
room. A small a woman dressed nicely and bearded in man	A nicely dressed woman and bearded man in a small room.
equipment. against A a hands cement metal rests with pillar man on his	A man rests against a cement pillar with his hands on metal equipment.
playing dog brown with on the his A beach. man	A man playing with his brown dog on the beach.
what the like sticks. type field on some looks sport of hockey play Men with	Men play some type of sport on the field with what looks like hockey sticks.
hugging swimsuits Two children in are other each	Two children in swimsuits are hugging each other
hill. a sitting yellow-grassed at lake on with while people looking Two hats a	Two people with hats looking at a lake while sitting on a yellow-grassed hill.
are on raft Five grey a sitting in lake. the boys	Five boys are sitting on a grey raft in the lake.
A t-shirt on is in man a busy outside street. standing a white	A man in a white t-shirt is standing outside on a busy street.
brown A in pile snow. deep of a dog plays	A brown dog plays in a deep pile of snow.
having with a ball dog tennis a fun	a dog having fun with a tennis ball
Bannister. is haired a long skateboarder a airborne above cements A set and of metal steps	A long haired skateboarder is airborne above a set of cements steps and a metal Bannister.
Two by side snow children the the road. in the play of	Two children play in the snow by the side of the road.
the A street. walks in down boy yellow	A boy in yellow walks down the street.
crowd. perform whales for a Killer	Killer whales perform for a crowd.
drinks cup. young small out at boy picnic and a table a A sits of	A young boy sits at a picnic table and drinks out of a small cup.
A a grass. the girl lot through carries	A girl carries a lot through the grass.
in air dog	dog in air
dogs shallows in shore. next the Three play to a rocky	Three dogs play in the shallows next to a rocky shore.
a woman A and man watch two dogs.	A man and a woman watch two dogs.
water a vine. Woman swinging while holding above	Woman swinging above water while holding a vine.
ball running mouth. in in one Three dogs carrying tennis a grass,	Three dogs running in grass, one carrying a tennis ball in mouth.
the man beach. Barechested at filming	Barechested man filming at the beach.
tricycle. rides wearing a girl a fairy A costume	A girl wearing a fairy costume rides a tricycle.
red to black dog trying a in A brown is its and catch mouth. ball	A brown and black dog is trying to catch a red ball in its mouth.
This is person motorcycle. a on red	This person is on a red motorcycle.
bag. is feeds a shirt an black with cream girl sunglasses dress to orange and with ice a who A man opened sitting on an beside	A man with sunglasses and a black shirt feeds ice cream to a girl with an orange dress on who is sitting beside an opened bag.
mess makes big baby a with cake. A	A baby makes a big mess with cake.
stands building. tall a man A very in of front	A man stands in front of a very tall building.
plays haired music long drummer outdoors. A	A long haired drummer plays music outdoors.
two beneath poles. quickly Long-haired dog moves	Long-haired dog moves quickly beneath two poles.
a building. woman by of stone standing window An the elderly is grey	An elderly woman is standing by the window of a grey stone building.
men balcony. stand a men boxes colored on Two stand juggling other while	Two men stand juggling colored boxes while other men stand on a balcony.
A swimming as a boy the splash into pool. he leaps makes	A boy makes a splash as he leaps into the swimming pool.
dog while brown shaking A off is big, in the water.	A big, brown dog is shaking off while in the water.
child on bed. small A is a jumping	A small child is jumping on a bed.
fire to put a preparing A out. firefighter car	A firefighter preparing to put a car fire out.
table a are people an in at audience. of sitting Four front	Four people are sitting at a table in front of an audience.
trick low side of A a on attempts skateboarder wall. a the	A skateboarder attempts a trick on the side of a low wall.
across walks big young A rocks. girl	A young girl walks across big rocks.
the a woman greyhound An white with standing is sidewalk. old on	An old woman with a white greyhound is standing on the sidewalk.
a a ground track. Spectators watching around motorcyclist	Spectators watching a motorcyclist ground around a track.
pool. hands young hold swimming jump into blue an Three boys in trunks inground and	Three young boys in blue swimming trunks hold hands and jump into an inground pool.
Four hill. skiers a walking up covered snow	Four skiers walking up a snow covered hill.
them. surrounding are people tents the sitting The white with on ground	The people are sitting on the ground with white tents surrounding them.
Dog obstacle course out of on running tunnel	Dog running out of tunnel on obstacle course
with hat and A front a man facial a jacket in black blue background. wears hair white navy of	A black man with facial hair wears a navy hat and blue jacket in front of a white background.
inflatable to large ball this push Two men very trying golf are	Two men are trying to push this very large inflatable golf ball
of is A man hoodie in a at a window. a pad paper, looking outside	A man in a hoodie is looking at a pad of paper, outside a window.
on People sacks carts. traveling with and bikes	People traveling with sacks on bikes and carts.
with in and A dog Frisbee white his a mouth. brown	A brown and white dog with a Frisbee in his mouth.
with music A people. building be filled in boy to dancing appears to a	A boy appears to be dancing to music in a building filled with people.
man fire with baton A dances at night. a	A man dances with a fire baton at night.
costumes love in you colorful signs. Three I holding women	Three women in colorful costumes holding I love you signs.
grassy down brown dog field. a and A lays white in	A brown and white dog lays down in a grassy field.
ball white running woman is small A boy. carrying behind a a	A woman carrying a white ball is running behind a small boy.
adult A with of a on playground supervision. closeup child a	A closeup of a child on a playground with adult supervision.
cheeks. puffs baby A its up	A baby puffs up its cheeks.
A black over a jumps grass. on pole green dog	A black dog jumps over a pole on green grass.
is A outside. woman excersizing	A woman is excersizing outside.
edge on her in toe water. of while fountain balancing the sticking Woman	Woman balancing on edge of fountain while sticking her toe in the water.
chiseling ice. is into man A	A man is chiseling into ice.
busy on street. man A a	A man on a busy street.
open woman. wide A arms his a man while holds standing with	A man holds his arms open wide while standing with a woman.
a trick ramp. man skateboard skateboard performing a A on	A man performing a skateboard trick on a skateboard ramp.
it. dog running to a towards is catch A ball	A dog is running towards a ball to catch it.
jumps bike off The a rock. rider	The bike rider jumps off a rock.
ball a pale dog A waking in with its mouth tan in grass.	A pale tan dog with a ball in its mouth waking in grass.
are sitting grass. little Three girls the on	Three little girls are sitting on the grass.
park ride day. at a an on of A overcast amusement photo an	A photo of a ride at an amusement park on an overcast day.
smiles while third is the young, the another boy in boy boys one hitting background boy	young, boys one boy is hitting another boy while the third boy smiles in the background
A foot a woman the crouches kicked jeans with the to fountain of edge left falling out on capri her in touch water.	A woman in capri jeans crouches on the edge of a fountain with her left foot kicked out to touch the falling water.
a dog next yellow White midair ball. to in large	White dog in midair next to a large yellow ball.
brown dog large to a sits outside snowbank. next A	A brown dog sits outside next to a large snowbank.
grey is white A and a in dog black snow. jumping dog toward the	A grey dog is jumping toward a black and white dog in the snow.
marked Silver people and two road blue raises dust background car watch. 104 on as	Silver and blue car marked 104 raises dust on road as two background people watch.
Frisbee the carrying brown dog through runs snow. a A	A brown dog carrying a Frisbee runs through the snow.
girls on ride. Two part riding an amusement	Two girls riding on an amusement part ride.
a water pushing boat with pole the Girl in	Girl pushing boat with a pole in the water
above is some climber grey up wearing foliage. rocks red pulling a himself green high some a headband	a climber wearing a red headband is pulling himself up some grey rocks high above some green foliage.
a grassy, trees. Two in by surrounded area running in fenced dogs	Two dogs running in a grassy, fenced in area surrounded by trees.
African large cigarette a American a outside smoking man building. An	An African American man smoking a cigarette outside a large building.
the Three dogs snow. in	Three dogs in the snow.
into boy jumps backyard. in a a A little child's pool	A little boy jumps into a child's pool in a backyard.
boys fight. two	two boys fight.
a a step skateboarder taking a is a building. in a front of jump of green shirt pink in	a skateboarder in a green shirt is taking a jump of a step in front of a pink building.
A lady waiting.	A lady waiting.
small on dog the green A plays grass.	A small dog plays on the green grass.
and play beach. Several relax the on people	Several people play and relax on the beach.
walking stick mouth. reddish carrying in in his dog water brown a A	A reddish brown dog walking in water carrying a stick in his mouth.
throw a something. man about black white A looks and dog to at	A black and white dog looks at a man about to throw something.
Three field. brown, playing grass dogs, a one two are black in	Three dogs, two black one brown, are playing in a grass field.
snow. black through A running the dog	A black dog running through the snow.
man other The smiled the the guitar man. with case at	The man with the guitar case smiled at the other man.
to in children Three beach. sand are playing the near	Three children are playing in sand near to the beach.
long a dog are on haired in a Two floor. hallway wooden white,	Two white, long haired dog are in a hallway on a wooden floor.
practices child golf. small A	A small child practices golf.
held A rides down barrels. ramp motorcyclist by colorful a up	A motorcyclist rides down a ramp held up by colorful barrels.
rock air. in A man the is climbing high	A man is rock climbing high in the air.
man shirt is old looking askance him. a blue with An with behind people	An old man with a blue shirt is looking askance with people behind him.
with man is dogs The running. are who field four the in	The man is in the field with four dogs who are running.
red A biker countryside. in the rides in	A biker in red rides in the countryside.
jumps ball. a dog the white out A to catch water tennis of	A white dog jumps out of the water to catch a tennis ball.
tricks skateboard doing kid on a	kid doing tricks on a skateboard
colorful a playing is is wearing object. red with and smiling tank plaid as a man hat him A man black top behind a	A man wearing a black tank top and red plaid hat is smiling as a man behind him is playing with a colorful object.
a plan type closeup woman large a lone unique into center. with in a the	a closeup into a large unique type plan with a lone woman in the center.
is the dog running on grass. tri-colored A green	A tri-colored dog is running on the green grass.
two dirt around racing There are greyhounds track. a	There are two greyhounds racing around a dirt track.
is sides. their out A a shirt arms child to in yellow the holding small	A small child in a yellow shirt is holding their arms out to the sides.
woman shop a and past walking a man record	a man and woman walking past a record shop
with A scooter. helmet a white and on a is girl riding purple	A girl with a purple and white helmet is riding on a scooter.
sand with a woman black wearing rock the hat behind on her. a sits A	A woman wearing a black hat sits on the sand with a rock behind her.
on snowboarder and nearby. boarders sits skiers A a with slope	A snowboarder sits on a slope with skiers and boarders nearby.
beach. on the on a Person horse	Person on a horse on the beach.
grass laying tree. the under man a in A	A man laying in the grass under a tree.
The is girl is blue-green ocean. a swimming	The girl is swimming is a blue-green ocean.
fenced brown with in playing brown in a redish a A is dog colored area. colored light ball dog	A light brown colored dog is playing ball with a redish brown colored dog in a fenced in area.
a An the onto metal wooden railing of Asian holding is bridge. boy	An Asian boy is holding onto the metal railing of a wooden bridge.
black runs dog and the The through field. white	The black and white dog runs through the field.
up the A rides surface a man concrete skateboard a into and air. sloped	A man rides a skateboard up a sloped concrete surface and into the air.
A walking meadow woman with through a hair long	A woman with long hair walking through a meadow
a a bikes A through red young park. boy helmet in	A young boy in a red helmet bikes through a park.
other sticks. Four each with dogs and play with	Four dogs play with each other and with sticks.
on gathers beach. the kite A man string	A man gathers kite string on the beach.
skeleton behind is fence. large There a a	There is a large skeleton behind a fence.
little of from waves A runs the away approaching the ocean. boy	A little boy runs away from the approaching waves of the ocean.
Skateboarder the in air.	Skateboarder in the air.
the with The his air in motorcycle. jumped man	The man jumped in the air with his motorcycle.
under small water the holding diver hands. crustacean his in Scuba	Scuba diver under the water holding small crustacean in his hands.
his brown tongue looks the camera. dog at with A out	A brown dog with his tongue out looks at the camera.
field playing hockey. Two women	Two women playing field hockey.
them. another at as up girl looking girl boy is ignores The the	The boy is looking up at the girl as another girl ignores them.
man A wearing face. a a blue shirt grouchy makes	A man wearing a blue shirt makes a grouchy face.
fishes in A wall. person clothing a off warm	A person in warm clothing fishes off a wall.
woman picture. take gray her a A a the is to as camera snow in hat in aiming	A woman in a gray hat is aiming her camera in the snow as to take a picture.
near beach runs dog city. A on the a	A dog runs on the beach near a city.
ball run mouth. dog into A to in a his catch has the water	A dog has run into the water to catch a ball in his mouth.
a pool. and Five in shallow wading young girls splashing	Five young girls wading and splashing in a shallow pool.
swim Man drooping along in of trunks beach. baby stroller pushing edge	Man in drooping swim trunks pushing baby stroller along edge of beach.
in A rope. climbing ice gear man a holds	A man in ice climbing gear holds a rope.
sliding down a equipment. asian girl A on pole playground outdoor is young	A young asian girl is sliding down a pole on outdoor playground equipment.
down. sunglasses head A looking woman on wearing her	A woman wearing sunglasses on her head looking down.
with snow are in background. The the children in running the fences	The children are running in the snow with fences in the background.
during A race down car a broken	A broken down car during a race
area. into snow on Dog leash rural burrows in	Dog on leash burrows into snow in rural area.
in walks black wearing city. a crowd a woman A a shirt among	A woman wearing a black shirt walks among a crowd in a city.
snow. runs Brown in dog	Brown dog runs in snow.
wall. a painted on being A mural is	A mural is being painted on a wall.
bags bread. in holds a up a of mask boy two	a boy in a mask holds up two bags of bread.
upside-down An above a child trampoline.	An upside-down child above a trampoline.
young of buffalo. a a A woman over taking picture a stands branch on tree river	A young woman stands on a tree branch over a river taking a picture of buffalo.
Skateboarder on a rail.	Skateboarder on a rail.
on the in marks holding is his with red several while man A background people flag a body are cheering	A man with several red marks on his body is holding a flag while people in the background are cheering
is near in crowd. A up holding a bicycle a orange man	A man in orange is holding up a bicycle near a crowd.
a Several lot. through are parking running people quickly	Several people are running quickly through a parking lot.
walking of sidewalk summer clothes in the a on large city. People are	People in summer clothes are walking on the sidewalk of a large city.
Dog grass rolling in	Dog rolling in grass
hair her swimming her in Girl pool head. over back flinging	Girl in swimming pool flinging her hair back over her head.
a no young on skinny with shirt running man	a skinny young man running with no shirt on
girl soaking a young of in water. swimsuit tub is A a smiling wearing	A smiling young girl wearing a swimsuit is soaking in a tub of water.
while kicking jersey man another is blue in a man a watches. ball A	A man in a blue jersey is kicking a ball while another man watches.
on snowy view a beautiful day. mountains of A the	A beautiful view of the mountains on a snowy day.
at camera Young swing. from the smiles boy tire the	Young boy smiles at the camera from the tire swing.
dog air. Frisbee with red flying a the A in	A dog with a red Frisbee flying in the air.
a on greyhound A muzzle a racetrack. runs with	A greyhound with a muzzle runs on a racetrack.
riding kid A a wave. small surfboard a on	A kid on a surfboard riding a small wave.
court. and basketball watching A a on a boy people of standing group	A boy standing and watching a group of people on a basketball court.
a a harness climbs adult wearing area. An rocky in	An adult wearing a harness climbs in a rocky area.
cartwheels chairs with large, girls empty side. Little room a folding in do to one	Little girls do cartwheels in a large, empty room with folding chairs to one side.
flying above A is water. crane some white	A white crane is flying above some water.
in with dog collar the walks field. White orange	White dog with orange collar walks in the field.
and red, crowd air it sky. is balloon is standing people hot to a as of white the A readied launch around into blue blue	A crowd of people is standing around a red, white and blue hot air balloon as it is readied to launch into the blue sky.
striped park. with man in woman sweatshir in the Smiling	Smiling woman with man in striped sweatshir in the park.
motorbike and Red white number around races track. the 58	Red and white motorbike number 58 races around the track.
water. A sinking in car	A car sinking in water.
in park. playing the ball Kids	Kids playing ball in the park.
the dog snow. black jumps A in	A black dog jumps in the snow.
are small Two rope. twirling children sparkling	Two small children are twirling sparkling rope.
a blue A bicyclist jumps field. jacket a in a wearing helmet mound a dark and over	A bicyclist wearing a dark helmet and a blue jacket jumps over a mound in a field.
his of with outside. clowds blue against shows This in lots beautiful window a a head picture shirt a boy leaning	This picture shows a boy in a blue shirt leaning his head against a window with lots of beautiful clowds outside.
are Two a dogs playing on hardscape.	Two dogs are playing on a hardscape.
a child A goggles wearing yellow uses squirt gun.	A child wearing yellow goggles uses a squirt gun.
and with a people cart through rain. white Black the horses carry	Black and white horses carry a cart with people through the rain.
a runs white A blue brown and yellow down dog a ramp.	A brown a white dog runs down a yellow and blue ramp.
The pink its ball is a mouth. in dog carrying	The dog is carrying a pink ball in its mouth.
looks A sun at the looks at woman camera shadow in while one in a the the book.	A woman in shadow looks at the camera while the one in the sun looks at a book.
people the the Many sit or fountain near stand Space Needle. around	Many people sit or stand around the fountain near the Space Needle.
their up sidewalk with backpacks. Two kids walk the	Two kids walk up the sidewalk with their backpacks.
in dogs lake. playing Two a	Two dogs playing in a lake.
boy skateboard. A with doing his is a stunt	A boy is doing a stunt with his skateboard.
sitting pool. water jet a boy on in a A young	A young boy sitting on a water jet in a pool.
walk parking elderly lot. a with Three two canes, through women,	Three elderly women, two with canes, walk through a parking lot.
jersey and on white greyhound, track. A black 7 # with ( a ) is a green running	A black greyhound, with a green and white jersey ( # 7 ) is running on a track.
fire dog that end. over each jumping A hurdle on a has light brown	A light brown dog jumping over a hurdle that has fire on each end.
the dog through A walking at water ocean. the	A dog walking through the water at the ocean.
A the is girl smelling young flowers.	A young girl is smelling the flowers.
wave. in black A man on surfboard riding a a	A man in black on a surfboard riding a wave.
in a wear a with mask single black man several people the background	a single man wear a black mask with several people in the background
top a in skateboarding. tank boy A	A boy in a tank top skateboarding.
carrying with girls on while wraps unpaved surface. objects head standing Three	Three girls with head wraps carrying objects while standing on unpaved surface.
speed the on skater rink. A ice	A speed skater on the ice rink.
players for the collide in Three ball. soccer a rush	Three soccer players collide in a rush for the ball.
tennis girl black court. on shirt A and playing pants a pink wearing tennis a	A girl wearing a black shirt and pink pants playing tennis on a tennis court.
on A walking barefoot. beach girl a	A girl walking on a beach barefoot.
Little girl on train and tracks. hands holding walking and older male,	Little girl and older male, holding hands and walking on train tracks.
eyes. are girl woman's a and a A boy over blindfold red placing	A boy and girl are placing a red blindfold over a woman's eyes.
some the blue A road muddy a car side. sprinkling going to dark and through	A dark blue car going through a muddy road and sprinkling some to the side.
surrounded dressed women by in dresses. man Well	Well dressed man surrounded by women in dresses.
black plays the The snow. in dog	The black dog plays in the snow.
in cyclists a the pants. lead long-spandex while Two race wearing pack	Two cyclists lead the pack in a race while wearing long-spandex pants.
the sand. a boy across sprints	a boy sprints across the sand.
black through Two run a field. dogs	Two black dogs run through a field.
dog a fields him. on green rock, A behind stands black	A black dog stands on a rock, green fields behind him.
inside dog outdoors of fence. a Large is playing	Large dog is playing outdoors inside of a fence.
children laughing playing are together and Three	Three children are laughing and playing together
An aimed lake. toward canoes a on canoe other orange two	An orange canoe aimed toward two other canoes on a lake.
are by people walking a down group some of barb-wire. passing A road	A group of people are walking down a road passing by some barb-wire.
a playing a boy in young pool.	a young boy playing in a pool.
along street fence. Many people the are green a by jogging	Many people are jogging along the street by a green fence.
lake. A a in man red trunks into looking	A man in red trunks looking into a lake.
stick. a a big on shews dog	a dog shews on a big stick.
is looking incense woman black sticks. at haired A parka burning in a	A black haired woman in a parka is looking at burning incense sticks.
going through trash. the Bag lady	Bag lady going through the trash.
Two hill. boys over off-road bicycles on a fly	Two boys on off-road bicycles fly over a hill.
snowed road that One a chases on nearby black dog recently on. grass was another	One black dog chases another on grass nearby a road that was recently snowed on.
the tan in dog jumping with barren some field through trees a the background	a tan dog jumping through the field with some barren trees in the background
one of Group kissing standing her at uniforms a schoolchildren mother in gate, goodbye.	Group of schoolchildren in uniforms standing at a gate, one kissing her mother goodbye.
the a arms couple of in park. other of her young in raises her front over A head girl people	A young girl raises her arms over her head in front of a couple of other people in the park.
hug A girl and boy smile. young and	A young boy and girl hug and smile.
a dog black along A and dog dirt. tan gray with is white running and	A black and tan dog is running with a white and gray dog along dirt.
at A a left coat glasses the dark picture. and wearing the looks of man to something	A man wearing glasses and a dark coat looks at something to the left of the picture.
gather behind wearing a clothing colorful fence. Africans	Africans wearing colorful clothing gather behind a fence.
dances. a large woman	a large woman dances.
squeamish. blond A girl head with her on sunglasses looks	A blond girl with sunglasses on her head looks squeamish.
riding ramp a is amidst A snowboarder snow. down	A snowboarder is riding down a ramp amidst snow.
fence. a and A are front standing boy jeans, girl, in both of in	A boy and girl, both in jeans, are standing in front of a fence.
picture small surfer wave. a a Waist down of riding	Waist down picture of a surfer riding a small wave.
playing are girls softball. Two	Two girls are playing softball.
green Two grass. run dogs across the small	Two small dogs run across the green grass.
air a the in man at beach A jumping	A man jumping in the air at a beach
motor man A around are and on a scooter. woman riding two	A man and two woman are riding around on a motor scooter.
an across A intersection. woman jogging	A woman jogging across an intersection.
is across Asian The girl grass. the running	The Asian girl is running across the grass.
A lying pole jeans in on man outdoors. down a	A man in jeans lying down on a pole outdoors.
man a waterski the on a A performing air. jump is in	A man on a waterski is performing a jump in the air.
is a is of with is dogs and two man water. throwing branch a at A pond, edge standing	A man is standing at edge of a pond, with two dogs and is throwing a branch is water.
her woman is A riding bicycle.	A woman is riding her bicycle.
a brown man tattooed to front with next head bald with a man in of a transparent a t-shirt a stands awning.	a bald man with a tattooed head stands next to a man with a brown t-shirt in front of a transparent awning.
snow stunt. the does over and A person rides snowmobile a a	A person rides a snowmobile over the snow and does a stunt.
police A waves a street fair. officer at	A police officer waves at a street fair.
There them. a middle three of ball are the starring dogs at in	There are three dogs starring at a ball in the middle of them.
boys the trunks other hold in water. each swim in red Two	Two boys in red swim trunks hold each other in the water.
Man waters. through rough kayaking	Man kayaking through rough waters.
preparing A is is woman man a sing. a of sitting and front to harpsichord, in	A man is sitting in front of a harpsichord, and a woman is preparing to sing.
dogs in a running Two field. are	Two dogs are running in a field.
on in leg sky. trick performs out car, his man one a mini-race flying the A with	A man performs a trick on his mini-race car, with one leg flying out in the sky.
woman outdoors. A dance man and dressed up together	A man and woman dressed up dance together outdoors.
jumps over a A hurdle. dog	A dog jumps over a hurdle.
sliding and A rider driving rider behind. another the while has is fallen bike on his motorcycle ground off is racing	A racing motorcycle rider has fallen off his bike and is sliding on the ground while another rider is driving behind.
handbag. a yellow posing A with tattooed carrying woman a man	A tattooed man posing with a woman carrying a yellow handbag.
carrying boy runs. A wet goggles	A wet boy carrying goggles runs.
A city. the a his shoulder man a carries asian baby on in in rain big	A man carries a baby on his shoulder in the rain in a big asian city.
road the a side in rural bike rides older gentleman An a his area. along of	An older gentleman rides his bike along the side of a road in a rural area.
flip wave. surfer A on does a a	A surfer does a flip on a wave.
and dog black across the brown running grass. A	A black and brown dog running across the grass.
kids outdoors, a in sit tub plastic holding corndogs. Two	Two kids sit in a plastic tub outdoors, holding corndogs.
people wall. climb are to steep on rock rock small attempting a Two but	Two people are attempting to rock climb on a small but steep rock wall.
running the through red in carrying is black its A grass something mouth. dog	A black dog is running through the grass carrying something red in its mouth.
in a steps leap from A as flames back pan kitchen. a cook	A cook steps back as flames leap from a pan in a kitchen.
a from sculpture. young Two faces below girls make	Two young girls make faces from below a sculpture.
a man Korean soda. sells	a Korean man sells soda.
shirt an A slide. girl slides in pink inflatable a fun down	A girl in a pink shirt slides down an inflatable fun slide.
bull watching with riding people	bull riding with people watching
and parade people. has a many flags	a parade has many flags and people.
A hanging ground. above the man just	A man hanging just above the ground.
dogs Sled sled of with another and headed loose. dogs one group towards	Sled and dogs headed towards another group of sled dogs with one loose.
snowboarder air. A gray a jacket some in catches pants white and	A snowboarder in gray pants and a white jacket catches some air.
running with ducks Two boys lake little from a	Two little boys running from a lake with ducks
A covers person a face with clothes in winter their sweater.	A person in winter clothes covers their face with a sweater.
two spectators. in front sumo wrestlers of and are a Two referee fighting	Two sumo wrestlers are fighting in front of a referee and two spectators.
jumps ropes. a wrestler over the	a wrestler jumps over the ropes.
subway kiss a A station. couple in	A couple kiss in a subway station.
Brown yawning. and dog white	Brown and white dog yawning.
riding a a white people are Some river. down water raft	Some people are riding a raft down a white water river.
of staircase. handrail jumps the an outdoor man of A	A man jumps of the handrail of an outdoor staircase.
pale on paved Two tussling ground. brown dogs	Two pale brown dogs tussling on paved ground.
is man rope. in with The red climbing a shorts rock boarding	The man in boarding shorts is rock climbing with a red rope.
dog A brown runs and black sandy beach. a down	A brown and black dog runs down a sandy beach.
has red A has black a a bandanna, face. person his a mask, which nose over and	A person has a mask, which has a red nose and a black bandanna, over his face.
lit in a a off alcove dark People sit street.	People sit in a lit alcove off a dark street.
baby his crib. through looks A	A baby looks through his crib.
brownish dogs fighting. Two are	Two brownish dogs are fighting.
The a jumping ramp. over is skateboarder	The skateboarder is jumping over a ramp.
high of air the view the a mountains. with in jumps A skier	A skier jumps high in the air with a view of the mountains.
a camera his with A work. man studies	A man with a camera studies his work.
soccer The ball. kicking is boy a	The boy is kicking a soccer ball.
the snow. a A jump performs ski in man	A man performs a ski jump in the snow.
surf. in the A is child splashing	A child is splashing in the surf.
playing dogs The red are Frisbee. with catch a two	The two dogs are playing catch with a red Frisbee.
a boy red snow with covered a A in stick. tree jacket a smacks	A boy in a red jacket smacks a snow covered tree with a stick.
A head boy features. Mr. wears Potato	A boy wears Mr. Potato head features.
Wet water. and nose off white black black shaking dog with	Wet black and white dog with black nose shaking off water.
tongue and white his brown hanging running dog out. A with	A brown and white dog running with his tongue hanging out.
jumping skateboarder a is of house. in white over an front A obstacle	A skateboarder is jumping over an obstacle in front of a white house.
in dog A sand. the running	A dog running in the sand.
is its the puppy carrying in mouth. ball a	the puppy is carrying a ball in its mouth.
wearing A a Egyptian mock ancient headdress. woman	A woman wearing a mock ancient Egyptian headdress.
a A boy from pulling smiling magician's bag. something	A smiling boy pulling something from a magician's bag.
area. barrel snowy in a Man skiing over a	Man skiing over a barrel in a snowy area.
bike riding track dirt on Biker dirt	Biker riding dirt bike on dirt track
into a A shorts next young wall. rock in stream to a man is looking	A young man in shorts is looking into a stream next to a rock wall.
wearing suit a board. black while picking up body The her is surfer	The surfer is wearing a black body suit while picking up her board.
spraying squirt bottle in the snow. Person	Person spraying squirt bottle in the snow.
for kick. boy to boy another a soccer small ball holding A	A small boy holding a soccer ball for another boy to kick.
street in the balloons People water passing	People passing water balloons in the street
in running a are camera Three towards toddlers yard. grassy the	Three toddlers are running towards the camera in a grassy yard.
the water. swan taking from off white is The	The white swan is taking off from the water.
clothes. colored women wearing children African brightly of group A and	A group of African women and children wearing brightly colored clothes.
two cookies. girl little A eating	A little girl eating two cookies.
guy getting in bike photographed. a is dirt The on red	The guy in red on a dirt bike is getting photographed.
pink is hat purple snoopy A a girl in laughing. shirt and a	A girl in a purple shirt and a pink snoopy hat is laughing.
a eating red Popsicle. boy Little	Little boy eating a red Popsicle.
helmet dark with blue goggles. a is top, snowboarder and The pants wearing a	The snowboarder is wearing a dark top, blue pants and a helmet with goggles.
is outdoors. chasing colored after light a toy The dog	The light colored dog is chasing after a toy outdoors.
A brown is with hair white purple wearing and purse. woman a a shirt	A woman with brown hair is wearing a purple shirt and a white purse.
with A of in swims body person water waterfall. a a	A person swims in a body of water with a waterfall.
before on is three being a ball up dogs held pink A beach.	A pink ball is being held up before three dogs on a beach.
Some room are a people the all in photographs mingling has walls. that over	Some people are mingling in a room that has photographs all over the walls.
brown walking through snow. dogs Two	Two brown dogs walking through snow.
boy in a A swimming pool.	A boy swimming in a pool.
flashing The peace is a woman sign.	The woman is flashing a peace sign.
goal for players shoot a during game. Basketball a	Basketball players shoot for a goal during a game.
a a with baseball boy A field poses bat. young in	A young boy poses in a field with a baseball bat.
large tall and brown dogs grass. black run the Two through	Two large black and brown dogs run through the tall grass.
on Three swings. people	Three people on swings.
boy ninja suit A and strikes wears a pose. a	A boy wears a ninja suit and strikes a pose.
Two ears brown and look dogs through white and a fence. their lift	Two brown and white dogs lift their ears and look through a fence.
what a a other family restaurant to deciding at	a family deciding what to other at a restaurant
the A formula leave one cars starting line. as watches two crowd	A crowd watches as two formula one cars leave the starting line.
for dog. man a a throwing ball A	A man throwing a ball for a dog.
deer top sit children on statue. young Two a of	Two young children sit on top of a deer statue.
girls playing bounce. are two sit yellow on The a and	The two girls are playing on a yellow sit and bounce.
with Little green slide. down sliding a pigtails girl	Little girl with pigtails sliding down a green slide.
and man stairs. woman sitting concrete A on are	A man and woman are sitting on concrete stairs.
a Two dogs play bottle. with	Two dogs play with a bottle.
dirt. over white A running is and dog black	A white and black dog is running over dirt.
down piece the the looks with man left head street. white The	The man with the white head piece looks left down the street.
climbs onto man the ocean a A out rock of	A man climbs out of the ocean onto a rock
at Two white dogs grey cat. a staring are and	Two dogs are staring at a grey and white cat.
grass. mouth dog, with Brown open tan hanging the out, in running tongue and	Brown and tan dog, mouth open with tongue hanging out, running in the grass.
wheel. cyclist is front its A on bicycle leaning up his	A cyclist is leaning his bicycle up on its front wheel.
bicycle for A to a man staring while it. prepares lock away with a interact from	A man prepares to interact with a lock for a bicycle while staring away from it.
brides street. on many the line up	many brides line up on the street.
a on does hat and A tricks in boy striped the shirt steps.	A boy in a striped shirt and hat does tricks on the steps.
water plays a A of the shallow in pool. swimming young boy	A young boy plays in the water of a shallow swimming pool.
to swing at ball. a batter prepares A	A batter prepares to swing at a ball.
in carrying mouth stick furry is the its A through a white grass. dog	A furry white dog is carrying a stick in its mouth through the grass.
overlooking woman sitting bed a flower is A near tunnel. a	A woman is sitting near a flower bed overlooking a tunnel.
dog a field. Black snowy in	Black dog in a snowy field.
carrying a in ball. soccer is a shirt child dressed and blue cap A	A child dressed in a blue shirt and cap is carrying a soccer ball.
in glasses shirt. a wearing is A boy red	A boy in glasses is wearing a red shirt.
are boys a running tube. spinning in Two	Two boys are running in a spinning tube.
a object dogs tug war black of two on doing a	two dogs doing a tug of war on a black object
man skateboarding over the The in snow. a is log	The man is skateboarding over a log in the snow.
cliff. climbing rock woman a A	A woman climbing a rock cliff.
attached to holding The leash young yellow girl a a sheep. is	The young girl is holding a yellow leash attached to a sheep.
young a watches observe. A girl and a bubbles girl dress woman white in while toddler	A young girl in a white dress watches bubbles while a woman and girl toddler observe.
dress gravel a wearing a down young with A teddy runs a girl road bear. blue	A young girl wearing a blue dress runs down a gravel road with a teddy bear.
overtop earth. dog the runs dry A	A dog runs overtop the dry earth.
a collar a red in with the river black dog wet is	a wet black dog with a red collar is in the river
protective goggles. man cap Young swimming wearing swimming, and	Young man swimming, wearing swimming cap and protective goggles.
hill. is sitting on gravel bike on the man The a	The man on the bike is sitting on a gravel hill.
ball dog a playing with a blue	a dog playing with a blue ball
light happily by fence. green brown A a dog runs	A light brown dog runs happily by a green fence.
display. through book baby a looks with a A woman	A woman with a baby looks through a book display.
tanning in are two There women bikinis.	There are two women tanning in bikinis.
smile a dance. the at for camera Highschoolers	Highschoolers smile for the camera at a dance.
little girl down walking road a a coat is pink dirt A in	A little girl in a pink coat is walking down a dirt road
apartment. A jumps clothes in gray of skateboarder a boot over in an front	A skateboarder in gray clothes jumps over a boot in front of an apartment.
white the dog in is grass. sitting The	The white dog is sitting in the grass.
the cars green lead. the dirt racetrack and each are in a other on one racing Race is	Race cars are racing each other on a dirt racetrack and the green one is in the lead.
Two road Italy. gondola in a sit along operators	Two gondola operators sit along a road in Italy.
skateboard A young shirtless rides over steps. his	A shirtless young rides his skateboard over steps.
to jumping young is chair wearing shirt from boy couch. yellow a A	A young boy wearing a yellow shirt is jumping from chair to couch.
man a ear. headphone is A in a has in white black jacket his	A man in a black jacket is has a white headphone in his ear.
A gloves in boxing wearing boxing a white the boxing shorts white in black white and fighting gloves boxing man man shorts ring. and are and	A man wearing black boxing shorts and white boxing gloves and a man in white boxing shorts and white boxing gloves are fighting in the ring.
are The fencing. the in people masks	The people in the masks are fencing.
toy. and with is dirt white brown a dog playing A in the	A white and brown dog is playing in the dirt with a toy.
boy A & slip with slide. little a wet on landing splash a very	A little boy landing with a splash on a very wet slip & slide.
tightrope off. students walk try on campus falls to Two but a a quad, one	Two students try to walk a tightrope on a campus quad, but one falls off.
background. with People in water the or in near trees	People in or near water with trees in the background.
the dogs wrestling are in Two grass.	Two dogs are wrestling in the grass.
downhill Bike rider in riding forest.	Bike rider riding downhill in forest.
in uniform ground on blue field with red, Man ball soccer sport him. above and white in front of	Man in red, white and blue sport uniform on field with soccer ball above ground in front of him.
dog field running grassy and in white Boy	Boy and white dog running in grassy field
large a in field. Two frolic dogs grassy	Two large dogs frolic in a grassy field.
mat. jumping and at A the pointing wrestler	A wrestler jumping and pointing at the mat.
the stick in with shallow mouth. running water a tan a threw dog his big	a big tan dog running threw the shallow water with a stick in his mouth.
park at to man is structure. a A large about round and enter a	A man is at a park and about to enter a large round structure.
a lap A an a on table child at leans underneath booth. peaking while adult's	A child leans on an adult's lap while peaking underneath a table at a booth.
performing bicycle on Man outside. a a trick	Man performing a trick on a bicycle outside.
A a Frisbee. dog catch about brown green to	A brown dog about to catch a green Frisbee.
golden toy. a retriever with a plays	a golden retriever plays with a toy.
the yellow The goggles pool. a and life little into boy jacket in jumps	The little boy in a yellow life jacket and goggles jumps into the pool.
a baby girl A playing park. at	A baby girl playing at a park.
doing A handstand bed. on a child a small	A small child doing a handstand on a bed.
a looks black dog with head carpeted his on blue up A step.	A black dog looks up with his head on a blue carpeted step.
is rope as red A looks secured he crevasse. a climber shirt down in a by a	A climber in a red shirt is secured by a rope as he looks down a crevasse.
dogs in playing snow. Two the	Two dogs playing in the snow.
on camping is A shore. a man beach	A man is camping on a beach shore.
who hose another sprays is a behind child a window. inside water glass One at	One child sprays a water hose at another who is inside behind a glass window.
floor. dog on a white lying the large	a large white dog lying on the floor.
rubber in its duck mouth with Dog trotting a	Dog trotting with a rubber duck in its mouth
lips. couple kiss on A the each other	A couple kiss each other on the lips.
dog A chasing toy. yellow a brown	A brown dog chasing a yellow toy.
A her holding bags. a woman hat white in and money	A woman in a white hat holding money and her bags.
at dog beach. with A a toy the running the water through	A dog running through the water with a toy at the beach.
a red rollerskater uniformed blue for against lead is A long-haired, the and struggling rollerskater. uniformed tattooed	A blue uniformed rollerskater is struggling for the lead against a long-haired, tattooed and red uniformed rollerskater.
on A standing at top mountain of the gazing sunset. man is a	A man is standing on top of a mountain gazing at the sunset.
while race tires smoke black car A its comes out. spins	A black race car spins its tires while smoke comes out.
surfboarder A the waves. catches	A surfboarder catches the waves.
A shirt is in striped in front jumping water boy s a of fountain.	A boy in s striped shirt is jumping in front of a water fountain.
air the in in Four field. jumping dogs a	Four dogs jumping in the air in a field.
back group a in sitting people table of checked shirt man is a looking a behind at him. at A	A man in a checked shirt is sitting at a table looking back at a group of people behind him.
waving flags. at A group a American are of people convention	A group of people are at a convention waving American flags.
The snow. fetch two playing dogs in are the	The two dogs are playing fetch in the snow.
drag take starting off the line. The racers	The drag racers take off the starting line.
ball while Basketball crowd for leap players the watches. the	Basketball players leap for the ball while the crowd watches.
Woman of field tulips a in standing	Woman standing in a field of tulips
to on is land the an There about in water. aquatic bird flight	There is an aquatic bird in flight about to land on the water.
holding to bracelet. sitting women other next each the a one her baby and Two showing other is is	Two women sitting next to each other one is holding a baby and the other is showing her bracelet.
There of plays guitar. woman singing while a man the and one women three is of a one group	There is a group of three women and one man singing while one of the woman plays a guitar.
A rolling grass. the black dog green in	A black dog rolling in the green grass.
rigging climbs A a a on boat. boy	A boy climbs a rigging on a boat.
". are standing hell Two men a says or " sign that Jesus beside	Two men are standing beside a sign that says " Jesus or hell ".
road bicyclists Two one hilly area, a near ride a on green is blurry.	Two bicyclists ride on a road near a green hilly area, one is blurry.
a girl road, Two town dirt holding flowers. walk	Two girl walk town a dirt road, holding flowers.
on and no a a graffiti shirt wearing jeans The sleeve blue wall. man is	The man is wearing a no sleeve shirt and blue jeans on a graffiti wall.
man sign in a people. protest A crowd a old an suit of in up holding	A man in an old suit holding up a protest sign in a crowd of people.
goalie a match. a The kick during young takes soccer ladie	The young ladie takes a goalie kick during a soccer match.
holding hands out. shirt white a man A both in	A man in a white shirt holding both hands out.
viewer. the is white running towards dog black A and	A black and white dog is running towards the viewer.
feet holding and people of cigarettes. several Hands	Hands and feet of several people holding cigarettes.
downhill. woman biking A	A woman biking downhill.
table patio. Several a around sitting on people are a	Several people are sitting around a table on a patio.
laughs. with boy on a shirt A skeleton his	A boy with a skeleton on his shirt laughs.
rail next light man to A a street station. crosses the	A man crosses the street next to a light rail station.
snowy a A up hill person while dog climbs their follows.	A person climbs up a snowy hill while their dog follows.
a is green floats shaking water lake A a in by. and off dog as red ball tennis	A dog is shaking off water in a lake as a red and green tennis ball floats by.
The man a gray the in has on. shirt baseball blue cap	The man in the gray shirt has a blue baseball cap on.
a head. within A poses mock pumpkin child	A child poses within a mock pumpkin head.
Two horseshoes. play people	Two people play horseshoes.
one and holding Two holding cigarette. cups men a lady	Two men holding cups and one lady holding a cigarette.
brown around dog chases yard. tattered ball the A a	A brown dog chases a tattered ball around the yard.
a in pass on and crowd people. a of Man standing wearing lanyard	Man wearing pass on a lanyard and standing in a crowd of people.
snow. Four dogs the in stand	Four dogs stand in the snow.
down ocean A has waves woman the knocked been strong by in	A woman has been knocked down by strong waves in the ocean
in on hardwood clean a campflauge floor. A crawls baby	A baby in campflauge crawls on a clean hardwood floor.
mouth at One its looks it. back bird while opens other the bird	One bird opens its mouth while the other bird looks back at it.
with algae. water A is wading natural in white dog	A white dog is wading in natural water with algae.
man firing range. a shooting is at A a handgun	A man is firing a handgun at a shooting range.
is a wheel. the bicycle man on A only back on	A man on a bicycle is on only the back wheel.
playing Children on a playground.	Children playing on a playground.
man bald, black t-shirt. and a sunglasses in Smiling	Smiling bald, black man in sunglasses and a t-shirt.
ball. near The is back its a on green dog laying	The dog is laying on its back near a green ball.
cows. woman walks a to the	a woman walks to the cows.
them. are speed Several aboard racing boats in with red people dressed	Several speed boats are racing with people dressed in red aboard them.
dog a a catch toy brick house. A near jumps to	A dog jumps to catch a toy near a brick house.
a doing young matching A of women teal doing dance. in group outfits	A group of young women doing in matching teal outfits doing a dance.
orange tennis outfit in athletic an woman playing A	A woman in an orange athletic outfit playing tennis
black towards on green camera. runs the A grass dog	A black dog runs on green grass towards the camera.
collar white Group on pet surround dog and grass. children of blue with	Group of children surround and pet white dog with blue collar on grass.
A boy surfs.	A boy surfs.
over jumping is A dog white red bar. a and	A dog is jumping over a red and white bar.
side jumping lone mountain. a the skier of a snowy on	a lone skier jumping on the side of a snowy mountain.
going fresh a hill. down Snowboarder	Snowboarder going down a fresh hill.
a on jumping trampoline. children Two	Two children jumping on a trampoline.
gold helmets wear purple and white The pants, players jerseys. football	The football players wear purple pants, gold helmets and white jerseys.
cloud it. plane of with a A smoke flies behind	A plane flies with a cloud of smoke behind it.
man wakeboarding A	A man wakeboarding
jumping over a training large dog wall A in police	A police dog in training jumping over a large wall
wrestlers of a crowd. front female hair, blonde Two in long, fighting with	Two female wrestlers with long, blonde hair, fighting in front of a crowd.
break. over shows photo two This top the a men taking	This over the top photo shows two men taking a break.
in bride black. and groomsmen white dress is in The bridesmaids, the all surrounded by the	The bride in the white dress is surrounded by the groomsmen and bridesmaids, all in black.
jumps over ball in its A border a collie bed tennis with a mouth.	A border collie jumps over a bed with a tennis ball in its mouth.
the colored jumps boy on bright pillows. a	a boy jumps on the bright colored pillows.
a disc catches red his dog white A in mouth.	A white dog catches a red disc in his mouth.
pull something harnessed the group to A snow. in together of dogs	A group of dogs harnessed together to pull something in the snow.
fighting Frisbee dogs over Two a	Two dogs fighting over a Frisbee
dogs a Two dead path strewn leaves. with along run	Two dogs run along a path strewn with dead leaves.
red a waving standing is A while behind woman with shirt black hair. another in woman	A woman in a red shirt is waving while standing behind another woman with black hair.
dogs are grass. the running Two on brown	Two brown dogs are running on the grass.
a with hair another. jumps A from bench stone to woman long	A woman with long hair jumps from a stone bench to another.
is grassy riding a a Teenage boy through park. unicycle	Teenage boy is riding a unicycle through a grassy park.
sunset. walks The beach a along at dog	The dog walks along a beach at sunset.
in fountain. are Several in sprinkler a girls swimsuits playing	Several girls in swimsuits are playing in a sprinkler fountain.
peering glass case. a display boy into Little	Little boy peering into a glass display case.
rides as a swing. breaks The trees child the through sun a	The sun breaks through the trees as a child rides a swing.
long-beaked A in bird mid-flight.	A long-beaked bird in mid-flight.
player in white player uniform by and in tackled with red legs white Football purple uniform. and being	Football player in white and purple uniform with legs being tackled by player in red and white uniform.
well-lit sitting a People restaurant. in	People sitting in a well-lit restaurant.
black on is beach. sitting the wall A boy a in near	A boy in black is sitting on a wall near the beach.
child a park smiling in A	A child smiling in a park
down hip young residential walk A people neighborhood. street a the group of in	A group of hip young people walk down the street in a residential neighborhood.
A sings guitar woman in a the player a microphone with into background.	A woman sings into a microphone with a guitar player in the background.
jumping off of Three platform. boys a	Three boys jumping off of a platform.
other for out examine. little little the frilly to a holding girl girl white dress A	A little girl holding a frilly white dress out for the other little girl to examine.
a shirt shirt looks a a snack enjoys white man in while woman a in confused. A black	A man in a black shirt enjoys a snack while a woman in a white shirt looks confused.
the travels with two A donkeys man in mountains	A man travels with two donkeys in the mountains
grass in through fenced area. running in Dog	Dog running through grass in fenced in area.
boy The hammer playing croquet and car. is ball the beside a little with	The little boy is playing with a croquet hammer and ball beside the car.
motorbike a kicks man A dirt. up riding	A man riding a motorbike kicks up dirt.
spokesmodels of a front Two hotrod. in	Two spokesmodels in front of a hotrod.
out water. wet of the dog walks A	A wet dog walks out of the water.
Two one holding boys of crossed the standing ankle leg.	Two boys standing holding the ankle of one crossed leg.
in playing snow. the dogs Two	Two dogs playing in the snow.
the colors multiple grass. running with are Two through dogs	Two dogs with multiple colors are running through the grass.
boy mountain A through bikes with woods. helmet the a	A boy with a helmet mountain bikes through the woods.
air the is dirt biker motorcycle. with A flying through his	A dirt biker is flying through the air with his motorcycle.
A in water. stick in dog tan dog walking mouth and a with black	A tan dog and a black dog with stick in mouth walking in water.
the Two young one air. in kids hand each with wakeboarding	Two young kids wakeboarding with one hand each in the air.
dog the chasing A Frisbee, background. barbeque brown a a in	A brown dog chasing a Frisbee, a barbeque in the background.
through a windshield the a dog crossing road. at Looking vehicle's	Looking through a vehicle's windshield at a dog crossing the road.
climbing rocky mountain. a man A large is up	A man is climbing up a large rocky mountain.
into sandy atop person sitting staring a A mountainside waterfalls.	A person sitting atop a sandy mountainside staring into waterfalls.
next A a in reclines woman payphone. to coat a	A woman in a coat reclines next to a payphone.
white a pointy bird is air. A and with blue and feathers beak flying the long through	A bird with blue and white feathers and a long pointy beak is flying through the air.
child is unicycle girl a a a There and on a scooter. on	There is a girl on a unicycle and a child on a scooter.
standing on fishing shore men are Two with a rods	Two men with fishing rods are standing on a shore
white is to its a on wall. standing leash stone legs on hind A over a look green dog	A white dog on a green leash is standing on its hind legs to look over a stone wall.
town. overlooking hill on jumping man a a A	A man jumping on a hill overlooking a town.
in crying man a in green whilst watching road a runners shirt kissing is a race. toddler a	a man in a green shirt is kissing a crying toddler whilst watching runners in a road race.
A dog ball. a chasing	A dog chasing a ball.
surrounded in stands by snow A dog trees. deep	A dog stands in deep snow surrounded by trees.
is a A man using chainsaw on a statue.	A man is using a chainsaw on a statue.
with yellow man A rocks another vest man shovels watches. while a	A man with a yellow vest shovels rocks while another man watches.
a member corner being by team. his A in is support boxer examined his of	A boxer is being examined in his corner by a member of his support team.
a walking through with poles is skier the snow	a skier with poles is walking through the snow
red a winding standing A hill on a is a by scarf woman wearing road.	A woman wearing a red scarf is standing on a hill by a winding road.
shirt. A sliding is boy down red a in	A boy is sliding down in a red shirt.
on the Three women beach.	Three women on the beach.
in is his windy very day. flowers dog on mouth a A jumping the with air in	A dog is jumping in the air with flowers in his mouth on a very windy day.
reaching for A face. woman's a toddler	A toddler reaching for a woman's face.
Costumed in hula-hoop a with girl crowd. playing a	Costumed girl playing with a hula-hoop in a crowd.
an in A policeman SUV. stands of front	A policeman stands in front of an SUV.
tennis U A Miami in man plays colors. of dressed	A man plays tennis dressed in U of Miami colors.
shoes water leap takes on. man the into The a his with	The man takes a leap into the water with his shoes on.
hat A to talks red man. another and a man in jacket	A man in a red jacket and hat talks to another man.
playing on Two the street. children young	Two young children playing on the street.
soccer field. corner the the player the A ball kicks of from	A player kicks the soccer ball from the corner of the field.
lone white climbing a helmet climber wearing wall. a a	a lone climber wearing a white helmet climbing a wall.
his the skater into the throws down concrete he The arms as air skids wall.	The skater throws his arms into the air as he skids down the concrete wall.
matching on Two standing link young chain girls outfits fence. in a	Two young girls in matching outfits standing on a chain link fence.
girl jumps a A young swing. playground off	A young girl jumps off a playground swing.
little jumps air the up kid above ocean. the A into	A little kid jumps up into the air above the ocean.
white ballplayer in and male A uniform blue crowd. a large a wearing front of playing	A male ballplayer wearing a white and blue uniform playing in front of a large crowd.
dress wearing running a pink little girl grass. across is the A	A little girl wearing a pink dress is running across the grass.
holding purple the The bottle. girl blue coat is in water capped a	The girl in the blue coat is holding a purple capped water bottle.
from the puck goal other the has steal to The of goalie out the come team.	The goalie has come out of the goal to steal the puck from the other team.
person jumps shirt over green a with high the A grass.	A person with a green shirt jumps high over the grass.
girl holds recorder playing is a a guitar. one while another One	One girl is playing a recorder while another one holds a guitar.
Extreme defying BMX gravity rider	Extreme BMX rider defying gravity
dogs area. in a Four grassy	Four dogs in a grassy area.
a and a the ground sneakers off jumping person in light. towards There jeans is white large	There is a person in jeans and sneakers jumping off the ground towards a large white light.
playing and baby with are small lot together. toys a of a children Two	Two small children and a baby are playing with a lot of toys together.
around nighttime. at play dogs Two	Two dogs play around at nighttime.
on a riverbank. somthing a smells for dog with nose snub A	A dog with a snub nose smells for somthing on a riverbank.
next a electronic A he ear. device his woman standing is is an to holding man and to	A man is standing next to a woman and he is holding an electronic device to his ear.
man arms a his A crowd raises pleadingly. in	A man in a crowd raises his arms pleadingly.
across blue in rowboat man water. a rowing is A	A man in a rowboat is rowing across blue water.
man their and The woman tattoos. show off matching skull	The man and woman show off their matching skull tattoos.
black across dog running field brown a and a grassy	a brown and black dog running across a grassy field
with man stands poles mountain. A ski front a of in	A man with ski poles stands in front of a mountain.
Two in white walking dogs snow. the	Two white dogs walking in the snow.
snack. boy little eats a smiling in a green jacket A	A smiling little boy in a green jacket eats a snack.
wooden green grass on A fence. near dog a runs the	A dog runs on the green grass near a wooden fence.
room. another one child to from the in A bed same leaping is	A child is leaping from one bed to another in the same room.
a hiker creek. The nears	The hiker nears a creek.
black a hulahoop. a dog through jumps	a dog jumps through a black hulahoop.
field. a snow-covered A a pack dog green wearing fanny on walks and sweater	A dog wearing a green sweater and fanny pack walks on a snow-covered field.
while the in bites white dog one stand grass a of Two sweaters. their children	Two children stand in the grass while a white dog bites one of their sweaters.
two are of they and bags. book carrying foreground people in of group are girls the a There both shoulder	There are two girls in the foreground of a group of people and they are both carrying shoulder book bags.
dog a stump. A jumps tree off	A dog jumps off a tree stump.
to the A ready of play. the a quarterback in football pass middle	A quarterback ready to pass the football in the middle of a play.
are field and hockey. are in playing These uniforms girls	These girls are in uniforms and are playing field hockey.
steep, grassy fluffy A looks down dog a white embankment.	A fluffy white dog looks down a steep, grassy embankment.
with play Two man an children sparklers. young older and	Two young children and an older man play with sparklers.
table watermelon little jug at slices. some juice of a a and with a sitting girl is	a little girl is sitting at a table with a jug of juice and some watermelon slices.
A the in the and beach. boy on girl little play sand	A little girl and boy play in the sand on the beach.
standing very holding exciting a headphones woman. next to looking outside Man	Man looking very exciting holding headphones standing outside next to a woman.
dog trots the grass. a through	a dog trots through the grass.
for indoor field the hockey. girls are in ball fighting Two	Two girls are fighting for the ball in indoor field hockey.
big sweatshirt jean has and girl a wearing face along. as on shorts she white a A walks her smile	A girl wearing a white sweatshirt and jean shorts has a big smile on her face as she walks along.
one salmon girl the to in and is two is outfit other next people wearing a bikini ; The colored young the standing drinking black is pop.	The girl in the salmon colored bikini is standing next to two young people ; one is wearing a black outfit and the other is drinking pop.
fingers. A group Frisbee hold of a with their people	A group of people hold a Frisbee with their fingers.
Ghostbusters People sidewalk. in on outfits a stand	People in Ghostbusters outfits stand on a sidewalk.
are park an kids ride. on Little amusement	Little kids are on an amusement park ride.
man surfing a wave. A	A man surfing a wave.
girl is pushed woman. on the the The being swing by	The girl is being pushed on the swing by the woman.
swing catcher A for the batsman whilst a baseball to and about is him. wait referee behind	A batsman is about to swing for a baseball whilst the catcher and referee wait behind him.
on boy is the pushing another A boy swings.	A boy is pushing another boy on the swings.
and yellow going the green towards shirt a has in boy on and ball. the The glove is	The boy in the green and yellow shirt has a glove on and is going towards the ball.
melted shoveling Two snow. in boys	Two boys shoveling in melted snow.
a on grass. yellow of in tube dog A small front	A small dog in front of a yellow tube on grass.
children smile hugging each while asian Two other.	Two asian children smile while hugging each other.
on air the waiting in the holds a little ball. boy A bat	A little boy holds a bat in the air waiting on the ball.
A down front man. of a dog in jumping upside	A dog jumping upside down in front of a man.
wearing holding sandals. hat The a is boy and	The boy is wearing a hat and holding sandals.
a bounce girl A in house.	A girl in a bounce house.
A observed man attire. a man by being homeless in business	A homeless man being observed by a man in business attire.
gown little A boy slide. an orange has down	A little boy has gown down an orange slide.
ready jump the join gets someone. A to to suit in a yellow bathing woman water in	A woman in a yellow bathing suit gets ready to jump in the water to join someone.
bike up people banners Asian a holding are riding and parade. in	Asian people are riding bike and holding up banners in a parade.
begins staircase brick plants. near climb a A to dog	A dog begins to climb a brick staircase near plants.
cigarette. with grey jeans sweater Lady a red and in hair holding	Lady with red hair in jeans and grey sweater holding a cigarette.
baby a A in at a small park tube.	A small baby at a park in a tube.
by into another boy river A flipped boy. the gets	A boy gets flipped into the river by another boy.
a and in dog A together dog tall are brown grass. black	A brown dog and a black dog are together in tall grass.
warm The off a hat in the stands girl the looking into distance. cold wearing outside and	The girl stands outside in the cold wearing a warm hat and looking off into the distance.
are walking grass. a next yellow of a A on dog asphalt to field and dog black	A black dog and a yellow dog are walking on asphalt next to a field of grass.
run tall field dogs Two of a grass. in	Two dogs run in a field of tall grass.
a skateboarder on A a handrail. trick doing	A skateboarder doing a trick on a handrail.
A girl a wave in at beach. splashing the	A girl splashing in a wave at the beach.
wide a Popsicle. is red eyed little boy eating The	The wide eyed little boy is eating a red Popsicle.
through black dog grass. with runs collar red a A	A black dog with a red collar runs through grass.
dog runs A white a leash. trailing path, along a	A white dog runs along a path, trailing a leash.
while with a tennis A tan plays in the around grass. rolling ball dog	A tan dog plays with a tennis ball while rolling around in the grass.
on and Man playing beach. the child	Man and child playing on the beach.
a A pool. black beside dog walking	A black dog walking beside a pool.
the right left the man mouth the his his raising is man on with open while hand on	man on the left with his mouth open while the man on the right is raising his hand
with the several Boat men jackets 5 water. has number life paddling	Boat number 5 has several men with life jackets paddling the water.
driver out purple looking of his truck truck. A the window is of	A truck driver is looking out of the window of his purple truck.
rolling kids dune. sand Four sliding down a and	Four kids rolling and sliding down a sand dune.
a running dog white brown is yellow and A Frisbee. with	A brown and white dog is running with a yellow Frisbee.
by tackled A player his opponent being soccer is	A soccer player is being tackled by his opponent
tall man A sand of dune. a top the reaches	A man reaches the top of a tall sand dune.
A man street. kiss in and the woman	A man and woman kiss in the street.
backpack drives the A a car woman a while by. wearing walks sidewalk on	A woman wearing a backpack walks on the sidewalk while a car drives by.
playing are net a and game, a with The on children football, a the volleyball beach.	The children are playing a game, with a volleyball net and a football, on the beach.
A dog long carrying very plaid stick. black in white a coat and is a	A black and white dog in a plaid coat is carrying a very long stick.
from is soccer stopping little boy ball very a going goal. A the into	A very little boy is stopping a soccer ball from going into the goal.
in sitting a cheery Mexican are restaurant. People	People are sitting in a cheery Mexican restaurant.
grass. white through dog black green the red A and carries a toy	A black and white dog carries a red toy through the green grass.
small white wall. a child climbs The rock	The small child climbs a white rock wall.
smiling small A woman holds two children.	A smiling woman holds two small children.
jumping is hind legs A on mouth up with open. dog its	A dog is jumping up on hind legs with its mouth open.
green with black grass. through dog blue collar a runs the A	A black dog with a blue collar runs through the green grass.
his is some while holding through a black stick dog water, in mouth. jumping A	A black dog is jumping through some water, while holding a stick in his mouth.
A in grass. dog the white plays	A white dog plays in the grass.
about to from is swimming girl emerge a pool. A	A girl is about to emerge from a swimming pool.
A hoops through held dog people. is jumping by	A dog is jumping through hoops held by people.
in playing are dogs outside a field. Two	Two dogs are playing outside in a field.
walks dog wilderness. the A in water white through shallow	A white dog walks through shallow water in the wilderness.
Smiling wearing shirt lavender and girl pink headband young	Smiling young girl wearing pink headband and lavender shirt
a on ramp. A skateboarder	A skateboarder on a ramp.
A is man on water. over rope a swinging	A man is swinging on a rope over water.
by a woman headphones. and amused are man A	A woman and a man are amused by headphones.
kayaks A some near at gather the sunbathers group of beach.	A group of sunbathers gather near some kayaks at the beach.
the by display. is The girl	The girl is by the display.
and a young on young woman phone leaning walks on by wall. talking the woman another A	A young woman walks by another young woman talking on the phone and leaning on a wall.
people the to Three a top. halfway about on standing mountain	Three people standing on a mountain about halfway to the top.
with auto a she a skirt down a street holds in and plastic traffic. short as A woman bottle pedestrian walks	A woman in a short skirt holds a plastic bottle as she walks down a street with auto and pedestrian traffic.
A a runs beach. down girl	A girl runs down a beach.
A a on dirt riding road. a person bike is	A person is riding a bike on a dirt road.
American girl wearing two glasses A flags. behind	A girl wearing glasses behind two American flags.
A child and other. unicycle holds a dog in hand the one a riding hand in of a woman leash with a the	A woman holds a leash with a dog in one hand and the hand of a child riding a unicycle in the other.
jumping into ramp. a the rider wooden a bike over air	a bike rider jumping into the air over a wooden ramp.
a out of observing Two at store camera workers range. grocery something	Two workers at a grocery store observing something out of camera range.
stands at wearing a table A cafe. sunglasses man a by	A man wearing sunglasses stands by a table at a cafe.
his boat, motors facing ahead fisherman the sun in	fisherman motors ahead in his boat, facing the sun
looks happy. A very tennis man playing	A man playing tennis looks very happy.
white a into day. and on up stares black sky A the sunny dog	A black and white dog stares up into the sky on a sunny day.
girls a the other beaded is has and wearing each Two other one face a belt. skull wearing facing a bag shirt, black red	Two girls facing each other one has a skull face bag wearing a red and black shirt, the other is wearing a beaded belt.
are with young Two toys. children playing	Two young children are playing with toys.
little a fly, up boy man droplets throws While the air. in a water	While water droplets fly, a man throws a little boy up in the air.
steps The a holding man and baby. wooden on woman sitting are	The man and woman are sitting on wooden steps holding a baby.
from colorful man A girl watch. whilst and truck step children woman is helping three a a down a	A man is helping a girl step down from a colorful truck whilst a woman and three children watch.
carries two stuff. peoples camel a	a camel carries two peoples stuff.
are in grassy Two playing area. a dogs	Two dogs are playing in a grassy area.
walks a arcade. through an man	a man walks through an arcade.
glasses There child a camera. skin and tan with at staring the is	There is a child with glasses and tan skin staring at the camera.
in boat A a front of in sunset. man a	A man in a boat in front of a sunset.
girl dress. A a is in	A girl is in a dress.
the the crouching black is in dog field behind The down ducks.	The black dog is crouching down in the field behind the ducks.
rocks climb people Two some water. over	Two people climb rocks over some water.
his of a children suspended who watch bicycle wires. on is group man A riding	A group of children watch a man who is riding his bicycle on suspended wires.
in A ocean balances on amidst wetsuit spray. a surfer board his	A surfer in a wetsuit balances on his board amidst ocean spray.
a A in has his black is jacket white wearing ears. young and man earphones	A young man is wearing a black jacket and has white earphones in his ears.
on water. group choppy of water white raft very A people	A group of people white water raft on very choppy water.
hat blue a and wearing chair white navy in slippers, Topless reclining while old man outside. pants a	Topless old man wearing slippers, navy blue pants and a white hat while reclining in a chair outside.
himself a moment another one man One watches for on hand. while breakdances, balancing	One man watches while another breakdances, balancing himself for a moment on one hand.
tires. children large in front Three stand two of	Three children stand in front of two large tires.
child a and with head, red companion painted outfit glittery One a hat gloves, with is with a on looks her while on. wearing shawl a her flower	One child with a flower painted on her head, is wearing a red glittery outfit with a shawl and gloves, while her companion with a hat looks on.
couch floral woman older A couple on the sits an in smiles. a while background	A couple sits on a floral couch while an older woman in the background smiles.
and goofy the giving boys, her two Mother one acting a other with kiss.	Mother with two boys, one acting goofy and the other giving her a kiss.
a blouse park wearing woman a in A purple	A woman in a park wearing a purple blouse
Woman her Frisbee a brown dog is camera throwing for catch. to with	Woman with camera is throwing a Frisbee for her brown dog to catch.
grass. moving Three through dogs	Three dogs moving through grass.
yellow boy and blue the with outstretched. is arms The top in standing	The boy in the blue and yellow top is standing with arms outstretched.
car. race person a holding an over A a umbrella woman in	A woman holding an umbrella over a person in a race car.
behind them. on fence holding to one with in a Two girls, water overalls,	Two girls, one in overalls, holding on to a fence with water behind them.
holds while car a is A rock large person parked. white a	A person holds a large rock while a white car is parked.
boats Three background. mountains on paddle water through the with red in people	Three people on red boats paddle through water with mountains in the background.
outside. tube of white a dog runs long out A blue	A white dog runs out of a long blue tube outside.
shoes an in on middle man off. a white wooden sitting a with robe his bench is eastern	an middle eastern man in a white robe is sitting on a wooden bench with his shoes off.
Two playing dogs outside.	Two dogs playing outside.
sitting curb. and on child wearing Rollerblades A a	A child wearing Rollerblades and sitting on a curb.
a small in dogs dirt Two road covered leafs. on run	Two small dogs run on a dirt road covered in leafs.
hockey puck. players get Two to the trying	Two hockey players trying to get the puck.
are in and a flower-bed. for man of a front posing woman a photograph A yellow	A man and a woman are posing for a photograph in front of a yellow flower-bed.
orange boots few people. other man with A a stands with	A man with orange boots stands with a few other people.
walks street. man the down A	A man walks down the street.
Two walk shorts towards signs. girls casino in	Two girls in shorts walk towards casino signs.
off A is pier dog a into black jumping large a pond.	A large black dog is jumping off a pier into a pond.
people a casino. of gathered An overhead shot in	An overhead shot of people gathered in a casino.
playing children Three floor. the on	Three children playing on the floor.
shirt a at A swan and in pink a stars in the park. girl jumps	A girl in a pink shirt jumps and stars at a swan in the park.
People of and sitting at her woman benches taking care stroller. child in the on park a	People at park sitting on benches and a woman taking care of her child in the stroller.
Two dresses. backless in girls	Two girls in backless dresses.
red grasp Two dogs a at object once.	Two dogs grasp a red object at once.
is through black dog the A running pitbull dirt.	A black pitbull dog is running through the dirt.
A family snowy in stands the woods.	A family stands in the snowy woods.
A purple is a headband. pink young and wearing shirt girl	A young girl is wearing a purple shirt and pink headband.
the in head child painting. The the his frame of has	The child has his head in the frame of the painting.
and group large brown riding of A white people horses.	A large group of people riding brown and white horses.
of A by children adults. opening is boy little gifts surrounded group a and	A little boy is opening gifts surrounded by a group of children and adults.
field. Four dry dogs in wild a	Four wild dogs in a dry field.
playing jumping are around and outside. kids Four	Four kids are jumping around and playing outside.
a couple older of fountain An picture a in for posing front	An older couple posing in front of a fountain for a picture
giant boys metal in wheel. running Two a	Two boys running in a giant metal wheel.
the her door looking the woman through with purple people the her in hair. running towards at is hand dress The	The woman in the purple dress is looking towards the people at the door with her hand running through her hair.
teacher's Kids at computers help. work with a	Kids work at computers with a teacher's help.
flowers. children holding path Two along purple walk a	Two children walk along a path holding purple flowers.
sized medium running ocean. White is the through dog	White medium sized dog is running through the ocean.
man rocket under walks a A shaped large with a sculpture. building	A man walks under a building with a large rocket shaped sculpture.
across sandy with ground walks a tumbleweed. white the A dog	A white dog walks across the sandy ground with a tumbleweed.
white dog a wearing a black mouth. and its shirt a blue carrying toy in	a black and white dog wearing a blue shirt carrying a toy in its mouth.
from water mouth. into gun a young man dog's A squirts a water	A young man squirts water from a water gun into a dog's mouth.
black woman front a in a standing a outfit and wearing red playing A of violin. building	A woman wearing a red and black outfit standing in front of a building playing a violin.
people a on two sit bench.	two people sit on a bench.
making phone against all crouches in wall a woman a while black call. A	A woman in all black crouches against a wall while making a phone call.
People holding roman in lit candles. line a	People in a line holding lit roman candles.
and a waterfall A in with photo a boy beautiful for little man the posing background.	A man and little boy posing for a photo with a beautiful waterfall in the background.
of some A boys flag group watch. while football bystanders play	A group of boys play flag football while some bystanders watch.
on pink A girl beach sits sunshade. bright a under the	A girl sits on the beach under a bright pink sunshade.
crowd man a raises his A from within hands of people.	A man raises his hands from within a crowd of people.
toward a looks shadow Dog	Dog looks toward a shadow
wearing a playground. Mets riding boy on bike moter a the jersey is A	A boy wearing a Mets jersey is riding a moter bike on the playground.
young inside. A all fours on child is	A young child is on all fours inside.
boy A for receives a Christmas. saber light	A boy receives a light saber for Christmas.
surfboard stands paddle in Man on ocean. with	Man stands on surfboard with paddle in ocean.
window. woman old of a an in is front There	There is an old woman in front of a window.
Two plaza. city boys a young a in in playing fountain are	Two young boys are playing in a fountain in a city plaza.
life chess game. around size a gather People	People gather around a life size chess game.
A woman newspaper. holding a	A woman holding a newspaper.
playing in a light. man the baton A with day fire is	A man is playing with a fire baton in the day light.
bench a a him. man man with facing on Top-down view standing inside sitting of a	Top-down view of a man sitting on a bench inside with a standing man facing him.
and it on leather motorcycle mask. A wearing full person skeleton skeleton on a a with	A person on a motorcycle wearing full leather with a skeleton on it and skeleton mask.
running with over course wide A open. an its obstacle is mouth brown dog	A brown dog is running over an obstacle course with its mouth wide open.
A jumps dog small tan barbed over fence. wire the	A small tan dog jumps over the barbed wire fence.
people hair. smiling dark with Two	Two smiling people with dark hair.
sits window soldier legs looks he as his out the The crossed. with	The soldier looks out the window as he sits with his legs crossed.
basketball. playing man black A tall	A tall black man playing basketball.
There people sign. a of around a lot crowded blue are	There are a lot of people crowded around a blue sign.
a wetsuit wave. surfer A a on in surfs medium black	A surfer in a black wetsuit surfs on a medium wave.
off its tan fur. shaking is A dog water	A tan dog is shaking water off its fur.
a black top shorts and female jean in blue in chair. a wicker sitting A	A female in blue jean shorts and a black top sitting in a wicker chair.
gives two the water The in thumbs yellow boy up. with the goggles	The boy in the water with the yellow goggles gives two thumbs up.
lake taking off from A swan a	A swan taking off from a lake
grass. exercises in perform The boys on dressed the athletic wear	The boys dressed in athletic wear perform exercises on the grass.
jumps. he man bicycle spokes A of his grabs while the	A man grabs the spokes of his bicycle while he jumps.
into off of coming The water pool. girl slide a is a	The girl is coming off of a water slide into a pool.
kid snowy day. of railings a skateboards down on set a A	A kid skateboards down a set of railings on a snowy day.
red a sweater boy little in tree. is climbing A a	A little boy in a red sweater is climbing a tree.
large A in white group dogs orange are and grass. of the	A group of large white and orange dogs are in the grass.
by another. wrestler Professional getting flipped	Professional wrestler getting flipped by another.
on a are Two women beside structure laying ocean. the concrete	Two women are laying on a concrete structure beside the ocean.
The a climbing rock is boy wall. white	The boy is climbing a white rock wall.
on on his an is American mountain A backpack. with path flag hiking a man	A man is hiking on a mountain path with an American flag on his backpack.
dirt a dirt sandy to try bikers Young get a up hill. bike	Young dirt bikers try to get a dirt bike up a sandy hill.
are The through frames. faces their showing people	The people are showing their faces through frames.
is The in brown dog snow. something the gnawing at	The brown dog is gnawing at something in the snow.
yellow flying air. red, the A blue, and through is airplane	A blue, red, and yellow airplane is flying through the air.
The is man sitting bench. on shopping older bag and with the a cane	The older man with the shopping bag and cane is sitting on a bench.
woman and in festive man dancing. A costumes a	A man and a woman in festive costumes dancing.
I idea have no !	I have no idea !
Two muzzled vie for lead. greyhounds the	Two muzzled greyhounds vie for the lead.
standing a in on background. the Men field grass with trees	Men standing on a grass field with trees in the background.
knee man a ground his turn. the motorcycle during sharp A on touches to a	A man on a motorcycle touches his knee to the ground during a sharp turn.
baby blonde sand. playing in the A	A blonde baby playing in the sand.
water. in A standing dog	A dog standing in water.
A collecting child green colored eggs in is a sweatshirt	A child in a green sweatshirt is collecting colored eggs
child blonde swims. A	A blonde child swims.
stuffed a A a string. dog animal to attached chases	A dog chases a stuffed animal attached to a string.
river covered. through is wooded leaf area a A that is heavily winding	A river is winding through a wooded area that is heavily leaf covered.
walks across stream log. fallen The on dog a the	The dog walks across the stream on a fallen log.
wearing on and heels lights hanging Two women posing under a street. dresses	Two women wearing dresses and heels posing under hanging lights on a street.
across A rollerblader a rail. grinds	A rollerblader grinds across a rail.
teal near are children playing greenery. a on Two trampoline	Two children are playing on a teal trampoline near greenery.
outcropping of the down A person on edge looking a sitting rock	A person sitting on the edge of a rock outcropping looking down
climbing children a Two climbing wall. rock	Two children climbing a rock climbing wall.
is small boy black in surfing. A	A small boy in black is surfing.
shortly is Frisbee large while dog large catching A a brown black a dog after. follows	A large black dog is catching a Frisbee while a large brown dog follows shortly after.
on sat A a single women all are motor and two scooter. man	A man and two women are all sat on a single motor scooter.
A on grinding guy rail a his park in a bike	A guy grinding a rail in a park on his bike
and pose. a red Girls hold dressed wrestling black costumes in	Girls dressed in red and black costumes hold a wrestling pose.
striped desert. is A running the dog in	A striped dog is running in the desert.
holding his on shoulder. young a boy a man	a man holding a young boy on his shoulder.
bottles. women green drink from Two	Two women drink from green bottles.
running white and dog on beach. a the is sand A black through	A black and white dog is running through the sand on a beach.
brown The football. backwards to the catch dives dog	The brown dog dives backwards to catch the football.
wall. balancing his boy on A cement is skateboard a	A boy is balancing his skateboard on a cement wall.
surfer huge A black descent. starts catches the riding on wave in dressed a and	A surfer dressed in black catches a huge wave and starts riding on the descent.
them. a boys with are the up bunch beach of behind Two ducks walking	Two boys are walking up the beach with a bunch of ducks behind them.
A dock into lake. little jumping off a boy of a	A little boy jumping off of a dock into a lake.
riding ATV the dirt. an person A is through	A person is riding an ATV through the dirt.
people an singing and three woman acoustic her. playing guitar A and accompanying	A woman singing and playing an acoustic guitar and three people accompanying her.
a riding a a bike is with boy helmet blue	a boy with a blue helmet is riding a bike
red drives car. man an old-fashioned A race	A man drives an old-fashioned red race car.
down laying dog stick its a under A with black big white and paw.	A black and white dog laying down with a big stick under its paw.
on a large the dog grass mouth. running with A rope its in is	A large dog is running on the grass with a rope in its mouth.
people a A gather group large fountain. around of	A group of people gather around a large fountain.
man getting red ready the uniform a ball. A soccer in kick to	A man in a red soccer uniform getting ready to kick the ball.
walking a each is grassy uncut A in man animals down with multiple hand hill.	A man with multiple animals in each hand is walking down a uncut grassy hill.
is riding surfer wave. A a	A surfer is riding a wave.
orange and the walks area. wooded away hiker with backpack The black a into	The hiker with a black and orange backpack walks away into the wooded area.
A and white over dog black an jumping obstacle.	A black and white dog jumping over an obstacle.
a around climb shrine. Some children	Some children climb around a shrine.
another motorcyclist as onlookers. as motorcyclist A a well attempting jump is with nearby	A motorcyclist is attempting a jump with another motorcyclist nearby as well as onlookers.
a take begins A picture. wearing to woman a coat red	A woman wearing a red coat begins to take a picture.
leaning A man with umbrella. a wall an against	A man leaning against a wall with an umbrella.
A background. in the other unicycle rider with cyclists in foreground the	A unicycle rider in the foreground with other cyclists in the background.
while the person is throwing The air in on sand. yellow a standing object	The person is throwing a yellow object in the air while standing on sand.
wood table. young A in a a out eats of bowl red at boy pajamas	A young boy in pajamas eats out of a red bowl at a wood table.
Three posing holding is women tree. a of a Christmas front paper cup of in which one	Three women one of which is holding a paper cup posing in front of a Christmas tree.
at Three gesturing women on camera. beach, young wearing wetsuits two	Three young women wearing wetsuits on beach, two gesturing at camera.
A boy basketball official game. an playing is young in	A young boy is playing basketball in an official game.
posed is a standing one A hand on skateboard ramp. man on	A man is posed standing on one hand on a skateboard ramp.
stick its the brown A in running dog mouth. with grass across a is	A brown dog is running across the grass with a stick in its mouth.
with a river. canoe A woman down a dog	A woman with a dog canoe down a river.
a Two large lake. dogs dog small play a and in	Two large dogs and a small dog play in a lake.
and an coat A snowy child on black down innertube. small white in orange, hill coming an a	A small child in an orange, white and black coat coming down a snowy hill on an innertube.
women Patricks St Day. Three green celebrating in dressed	Three women dressed in green celebrating St Patricks Day.
dog man with hat. lady a stands next to A a	A man stands next to a lady with a dog hat.
coat is white in blue and a Someone airborne. sneakers	Someone in a blue coat and white sneakers is airborne.
high. his up is paddle a kayak A man in holding	A man in a kayak is holding his paddle up high.
riders bike group of a A on riding helmets with street.	A group of bike riders with helmets riding on a street.
A cream ice and children their cones. with woman	A woman and children with their ice cream cones.
dining newspaper a room. a retrieving inside dog A	A dog retrieving a newspaper inside a dining room.
An a airborne man on surfboard.	An airborne man on a surfboard.
centipede A a plays with toy. dog tan black and	A black and tan dog plays with a centipede toy.
the trees dog grassy woman a with is with in in field a A running background.	A woman is running with a dog in a grassy field with trees in the background.
city. in own women their are bus a on the minding business Three	Three women are minding their own business on a bus in the city.
on snowboard. jumping trick a boy a does A	A boy does a jumping trick on a snowboard.
climbing man mountain. up The is steep a snowy	The man is climbing up a steep snowy mountain.
holding offering hugs ' Two free signs ' girls are up	Two girls are holding up signs offering ' free hugs '
The outside, toy walking carrying its in dog mouth. a large is colorful	The large dog is walking outside, carrying a colorful toy in its mouth.
stand window store Three in of and front smile. people a	Three people stand in front of a store window and smile.
over ocean falling A in an wave man	A man falling over in an ocean wave
a park. man the wheelchair riding in to A	A man in a wheelchair riding to the park.
is to whispering person One another.	One person is whispering to another.
dog snow. runs through A black the	A black dog runs through the snow.
the snow runs A through with in dog distance. big tree a	A dog runs through snow with a big tree in the distance.
to with the plays a A cobblestone sidewalk outstretched next arms on street. boy	A boy plays with outstretched arms on the sidewalk next to a cobblestone street.
and the jumping in is boy a wearing a jeans There cap baseball air.	There is a boy wearing jeans and a baseball cap jumping in the air.
a performs pipe. a a skateboard off trick quarter	a skateboard performs a trick off a quarter pipe.
family while is by. another standing A boy runs	A boy runs while another family is standing by.
the air. A soars through wakeboarder	A wakeboarder soars through the air.
red floor. boy moves in off jeans a A his dance dance on shows young	A young boy in jeans shows off his dance moves on a red dance floor.
through are a yard dogs green running Two	Two dogs are running through a green yard
pink wearing young a a A sheep holding hat girl a leash. cowboy on	A young girl wearing a pink cowboy hat holding a sheep on a leash.
A check smiling a religious man of pictures. a row below stands in shirt	A smiling man in a check shirt stands below a row of religious pictures.
barefoot. children Three running	Three children running barefoot.
are of rowing a group A a people contest. in boat	A group of people are rowing a boat in a contest.
caught. woman A she holds young fish up a	A young woman holds up a fish she caught.
guitar smoking of to A sitting bike a man sidewalk sort. a and scruffy holding the while looking some next on	A scruffy looking man smoking while sitting on the sidewalk and holding a guitar next to a bike of some sort.
in sit Girls costumes.	Girls sit in costumes.
man city. a big black to next walking building a in is A	A black man is walking next to a building in a big city.
The bridge. rickety a walking is woman narrow on	The woman is walking on a rickety narrow bridge.
a jumps swing. off boy a	a boy jumps off a swing.
on side. by looks grassy the one dachshund, Two the at a looks the ; women lit a sun other to hill	Two women on a grassy hill lit by the sun ; one looks at a dachshund, the other looks to the side.
Boy sign beside jumping and pink flowers skateboard	Boy jumping skateboard beside sign and pink flowers
a wooden tricks skateboard performs platform. A child on	A child performs skateboard tricks on a wooden platform.
black holding umbrella. woman blonde is a The haired	The blonde haired woman is holding a black umbrella.
A coat bench had man on in and city. a a wearing the sitting	A man wearing a coat and had sitting on a bench in the city.
chalk. pink young A throwing girl her	A young girl throwing her pink chalk.
in Two in young the digging sand. sitting water boys and	Two young boys sitting in water and digging in the sand.
young and redwood girl A standing large under man a tree. and	A man and young girl and standing under a large redwood tree.
mountain in posing climber A snow. the	A mountain climber posing in the snow.
white holding on shirt while a ropes. rope in a child balancing two A red green	A child in a green shirt balancing on a red rope while holding two white ropes.
watch while chewing a A behind. men blue dog two rope from	A dog chewing a blue rope while two men watch from behind.
boy buildings. walks near A	A boy walks near buildings.
in slates. Children holding classroom a sit	Children sit in a classroom holding slates.
in A and surfer foam. water	A surfer in water and foam.
is and looks a similar. licking dog A white dog that brown very	A brown and white dog is licking a dog that looks very similar.
orange A glasses. man and hat wears an	A man wears an orange hat and glasses.
machine. standing vending at a Family purchasing	Family purchasing standing at a vending machine.
a camera. another A smiling for is with woman on camera tripod a	A woman with a camera on a tripod is smiling for another camera.
water. a dog off pool of a into A dock jumping	A dog jumping off a dock into a pool of water.
baseball are girls a caps snack Two with outside. eating	Two girls with baseball caps are eating a snack outside.
lizards the fight in water. Two	Two lizards fight in the water.
top cliff. climbing a rock to is the A person of	A person is climbing to the top of a rock cliff.
plate air in child a a on one arm. balancing young the	a young child balancing a plate in the air on one arm.
his dog white A in while showing a off boy neighborhood. young walking	A young boy showing off while walking his white dog in a neighborhood.
pounces toy. on dog Brown	Brown dog pounces on toy.
a A bucket of over a throwing the water woman pool. paddling is baby in	A woman is throwing a bucket of water over a baby in the paddling pool.
in rides gear forest racing area. through Bicyclist	Bicyclist in racing gear rides through forest area.
people Three station. a at standing	Three people standing at a station.
A white dog lake. green is swimming a in large and black	A black and white dog is swimming in a large green lake.
women glasses at large with it. on seated event, table Hooded a to next one	Hooded women at event, one seated next to a table with large glasses on it.
in pants khaki desert kick in elaborate does Man	Man in khaki pants does elaborate kick in desert
smiling for the camera. three people of A closeup	A closeup of three people smiling for the camera.
her laying has on the a messy with Laying next her. stones, to head on boy girl hair	Laying on stones, a girl with messy hair has her head on the boy laying next to her.
surfing man on a big green A wave.	A man surfing on a big green wave.
while boy at boy holds a little little lady smiles another A them.	A lady holds a little boy while another little boy smiles at them.
on tan a The black a walks crosswalk. in the outfit and man denim dog	The man in the denim outfit walks a black and tan dog on a crosswalk.
ball. a after going Several are female players lacrosse	Several female lacrosse players are going after a ball.
splash boys big in ocean. Two the	Two boys splash in the big ocean.
play with the dogs to two boys next ocean. Two	Two boys play with two dogs next to the ocean.
a in dog a and dog A are park. golden white black running a dog, and black	A black dog, a golden dog and a black and white dog are running in a park.
into the dives woman a water.	a woman dives into the water.
the holding man playing is baseball. the The net boy for	The man is holding the net for the boy playing baseball.
trick guy city. skateboard the is a A doing in	A guy is doing a skateboard trick in the city.
first The the on the green carpeted rottweiller stair. laying is of and paws head step its with	The rottweiller is laying with its head and paws on the first step of the green carpeted stair.
the a does A flip boy on beach.	A boy does a flip on the beach.
playground out a plastic is in Little yellow tunnel. climbing boy shirt of	Little boy in yellow shirt is climbing out of a plastic playground tunnel.
A a stands the paddling ocean. surfboard, man out it on into	A man stands on a surfboard, paddling it out into the ocean.
dog its white the mouth. has and a in stick are standing dogs next to Two other, each	Two dogs are standing next to each other, and the white dog has a stick in its mouth.
grass. through bounding brown dog light A collar with dark a	A light brown dog with a dark collar bounding through grass.
The on the skateboard. boy ramp sliding is down a	The boy is sliding down the ramp on a skateboard.
rope Two a men are up climbing holding forceful water. onto	Two men are holding onto a rope climbing up forceful water.
a downhill soccer ball nose. is with A graying dog pushing his blue	A graying dog is pushing a blue soccer ball downhill with his nose.
by three people squatting water. are The the	The three people are squatting by the water.
running beach a blue a tag black on a dog with	a black dog with a blue tag running on a beach
ice. Two on young children play hockey	Two young children play hockey on ice.
bike biker the over carries his obstacle. The	The biker carries his bike over the obstacle.
tries A a to throw little girl Frisbee.	A little girl tries to throw a Frisbee.
child is A slide. a on	A child is on a slide.
A tan off rock. boy a jumps	A boy jumps off a tan rock.
other. boxers fiercely each attacking Two	Two boxers fiercely attacking each other.
Frisbee man to that it. his to catch tossing a dog leaps A	A man tossing a Frisbee to his dog that leaps to catch it.
dog A a jumps with stream. spots white over black	A white dog with black spots jumps over a stream.
a boy, little a women, and Two baby.	Two women, a little boy, and a baby.
face a on rock riding motorbike man a down steep A	A man on a motorbike riding down a steep rock face
snowsuit children up climb a snowy clad Four hillside.	Four snowsuit clad children climb up a snowy hillside.
A couple wedding young in outfits poses picture. for a	A young couple in wedding outfits poses for a picture.
retrives large toy. dog yellow wet his A	A large wet yellow dog retrives his toy.
man helmet mountain A biking with a blue	A man mountain biking with a blue helmet
woman makes across The wearing black a him as the speaks. from face man	The man wearing black makes a face as the woman across from him speaks.
a boy tells secret girl a A little to little	A little boy tells a secret to a little girl
boy Two girl. a a and children,	Two children, a boy and a girl.
campsite. Concentration	Concentration campsite.
himself off tan A dog the shaking water of	A tan dog shaking the water off of himself
from collar brown white drinking A spigot. dog in a a	A white dog in a brown collar drinking from a spigot.
races A skier trees. downhill near	A downhill skier races near trees.
a runs child with A football.	A child runs with a football.
clouds paints An artist a onto canvas.	An artist paints clouds onto a canvas.
the person in A is windsurfing water.	A person is windsurfing in the water.
carrying skateboard walking, Two one guys a	Two guys walking, one carrying a skateboard
after dog is the going little bull. The	The little dog is going after the bull.
in Two performing men martial arts. red robes	Two men in red robes performing martial arts.
is man walking The dogs. the	The man is walking the dogs.
a taking of people with canopy picture sitting mother are on bench ; child her The under a a cellphone. the is the	The people under the canopy are sitting on a bench ; the mother is taking a picture of a child with her cellphone.
under gathering lights People large in are colored tent. a	People are gathering under colored lights in a large tent.
a figure A snow walking through and is the distance. is dog in	A dog is walking through snow and a figure is in the distance.
motorcycle performing high on the in a air. a trick Man	Man on a motorcycle performing a trick high in the air.
bike. person trick flipping is on a A	A person is flipping on a trick bike.
the tree. to are Two next dogs playing snow a in	Two dogs are playing in the snow next to a tree.
dog snow in Large running	Large dog running in snow
player on another fallen frame. the while of has the court ball grabs out from Basketball at	Basketball player has fallen on the court while another grabs at the ball from out of frame.
skating many park ice with people. winter, in An	An ice skating park in winter, with many people.
people down blankets. with laden and baskets Two walking	Two people walking laden down with baskets and blankets.
laying on is boy grass. the belly The in his young	The young boy is laying on his belly in the grass.
near splash water swimmers. A large three	A large water splash near three swimmers.
blue road the car on a roads splashing through a is a puddle. There in	There is a blue car on a road in the roads splashing through a puddle.
dog for field. Frisbee a A jumping in a	A dog jumping for a Frisbee in a field.
the a in bird water. lands	a bird lands in the water.
on Two the hockey compete players ice.	Two hockey players compete on the ice.
a A coats winter in group stand people of front in building. of large	A group of people in winter coats stand in front of a large building.
and a snow together deer the in several turkeys	a deer and several turkeys together in the snow
woman hair. uniform with near Man purple in stands	Man in uniform stands near woman with purple hair.
a playing but game hockey, no Women with similar to ice.	Women playing a game similar to hockey, but with no ice.
sheep grey is chasing dog around a a pen. sheep a black	a black sheep dog is chasing a grey sheep around a pen.
each Two other. players run football into	Two football players run into each other.
is black and a A into jumping pool. white dog	A white and black dog is jumping into a pool.
a an outdoor on pack shorts man water trail. wearing A and	A man wearing a water pack and shorts on an outdoor trail.
in playing are People fountains. water	People are playing in water fountains.
being the two pulled rain. cart horses by men containig in A	A cart containig two men being pulled by horses in the rain.
A a blue gray down navy slides boy slide. wearing	A boy wearing navy blue slides down a gray slide.
two play instruments. men	two men play instruments.
helmet, including in races bike dirt gray a A dirt a gear, man dressed track. on	A man dressed in gray gear, including helmet, races a dirt bike on a dirt track.
other are and woman A man each blowing to next bubbles.	A woman and man are next to each other blowing bubbles.
in water. A dog splashes black the	A black dog splashes in the water.
fiery The the is explosion. watching crowd	The crowd is watching the fiery explosion.
a little A girl been a is set in pink that top has on stick fire. spinning	A little girl in a pink top is spinning a stick that has been set on fire.
greyhound muzzled. the along The runs track yellow	The yellow greyhound runs along the track muzzled.
the child standing gear while in snow. full is on little ski A	A little child is in full ski gear while standing on the snow.
white and dog A a fight. brown large dog smaller	A large white dog and a smaller brown dog fight.
in girl backwards over grass. A bends the tall	A girl bends over backwards in the tall grass.
sidelines. players are sitting on Ice hockey the	Ice hockey players are sitting on the sidelines.
through a rough is trails man track riding a on a bicycle terrain. dirt	a man is riding a trails bicycle on a dirt track through rough terrain.
young wall. the climbs rock a boy	a young boy climbs the rock wall.
man blanket. with a baby yellow sleeping a A holds	A man holds a sleeping baby with a yellow blanket.
girl a stool. bar A on sits	A girl sits on a bar stool.
walking A are man green Japanese a past woman car. and	A Japanese man and woman are walking past a green car.
soccer blue between red the team. the game team A and	A soccer game between the red team and the blue team.
grass, A air. through flies runs a the Frisbee while through dog	A dog runs through grass, while a Frisbee flies through the air.
dog trees. some a through lake towards A running is	A dog is running through a lake towards some trees.
background. the A with cyclist terrain doing in jump seaside a outdoors, urban	A cyclist doing a jump outdoors, with urban seaside terrain in the background.
a on racing on man track. a A is motorcycle	A man on a motorcycle is racing on a track.
top a rock. of big little on boy sitts a	a little boy sitts on top of a big rock.
woman The a girl dress. holding baby wearing striped a is	The woman is holding a baby girl wearing a striped dress.
at boy A man while a something points looks.	A boy points at something while a man looks.
through A and dog white runs grass. the green tall tan	A white and tan dog runs through the tall green grass.
group the A in of children grass. running	A group of children running in the grass.
and leather Brown biting white man's jacket. dog	Brown and white dog biting man's leather jacket.
dog black shakes A itself. water white and off	A black and white dog shakes water off itself.
the shirt the jumping young boy in into blue water. is The	The young boy in the blue shirt is jumping into the water.
tossed the child being mother. The air in by enjoys his	The child enjoys being tossed in the air by his mother.
rapids. man A kayaking through	A man kayaking through rapids.
at bench. a cross holding looking some cowboy on A a with a lady hat men and	A lady with a cowboy hat and holding a cross looking at some men on a bench.
through swims dog water. A	A dog swims through water.
A in stands black dog. street with man the a homeless	A homeless man stands in the street with a black dog.
walks a down woman at night. A city sidewalk	A woman walks down a city sidewalk at night.
white are snow. in fluffy dogs Two the	Two fluffy white dogs are in the snow.
hill. A red a a down boy in grassy and black striped shirt little walks	A little boy in a black and red striped shirt walks down a grassy hill.
sandy child a high small jumps A above field.	A small child jumps high above a sandy field.
Four on ball a people court. playing	Four people playing ball on a court.
chalk two with on a young sitting coloring it on girls sidewalk	two young girls sitting on a sidewalk coloring on it with chalk
scenery. looking mountain down a couple sits at the A atop	A couple sits atop a mountain looking down at the scenery.
shirt sliding young boy after an orange down A hair a wild in has slide.	A young boy in an orange shirt has wild hair after sliding down a slide.
a two for people in picture background posing trees with the few the	two people posing for the picture with a few trees in the background
background. toddler the watches in A plastic a while another rides vehicle	A toddler rides a plastic vehicle while another watches in the background.
are on a other each by playing with ocean. beach the dogs Two	Two dogs are playing with each other on a beach by the ocean.
with are a Two playing toy outdoors. dogs	Two dogs are playing with a toy outdoors.
girls jungle a gym. on Two	Two girls on a jungle gym.
a skateboard toddler walk while behind A midair a at boy doing and a two trick in skate him. women park is	A boy is in midair doing a skateboard trick at a skate park while two women and a toddler walk behind him.
people the overlooking on are a ocean rock Two	Two people are on a rock overlooking the ocean
harness a black small white A in and dog camera the looking at is	A small black and white dog in a harness is looking at the camera
young playground swinging swing a child on a A at	A young child swinging on a swing at a playground
A colorful trunks wave man a white a on in surfboard. surfing	A man in colorful trunks surfing a wave on a white surfboard.
tan three arches. five The people under standing are	The five people are standing under three tan arches.
dog mud running on is stuck with underside grass. his on A	A dog with mud stuck on his underside is running on grass.
two the boys in play ocean.	two boys play in the ocean.
towards is A hit female softball and running ball player first base. the	A female softball player hit the ball and is running towards first base.
several a sidewalk people busy on walking	several people walking on a busy sidewalk
a making A like looks Lassie, that dog funny face.	A dog that looks like Lassie, making a funny face.
scene the sunset A with a background. in water	A water scene with a sunset in the background.
A waterfall girl of in a front hiking	A girl hiking in front of a waterfall
are two the greyhound wearing playing in The sweaters dogs grass.	The two greyhound dogs wearing sweaters are playing in the grass.
the background. Person airborne in green snow on tree over snow with skis	Person on snow skis airborne over snow with green tree in the background.
A a on rock formation. child sitting	A child sitting on a rock formation.
a and its brown with is accross dog mouth A running open field. white	A brown and white dog is running with its mouth open accross a field.
about bite open, with ear. on mouth dog grass Tan gray to dog's	Tan dog on grass with mouth open, about to bite gray dog's ear.
running is snow. dog in the A	A dog is running in the snow.
woman and on sitting A man motorcycle. a	A man and woman sitting on a motorcycle.
to Two with building men close stand in other balconies. each front of many a	Two men stand close to each other in front of a building with many balconies.
hiking in is A in a shorts man region. dry	A man in shorts is hiking in a dry region.
behind. rocks, clouds top A the at man of	A man at the top of rocks, clouds behind.
pipe. wearing a A snowboards half on goggles man	A man wearing goggles snowboards on a half pipe.
a skateboard. jeans blue and shirt is on man white a The wearing	The man is wearing a white shirt and blue jeans on a skateboard.
shirt hand. with an boy Longhorns symbol the Hawaiian his open A is in making	A boy in an open Hawaiian shirt is making the Longhorns symbol with his hand.
obstacle A the is on with jumping crowd in background. man bike a an	A man on bike is jumping an obstacle with a crowd in the background.
pool is watch. as the diving into the the boy couple	the boy is diving into the pool as the couple watch.
the bushes. in dog A pauses	A dog pauses in the bushes.
child street. a down the stroller small A pushes	A small child pushes a stroller down the street.
on child a a type the in sled is There machine, snow.	There is a child on a sled type machine, in the snow.
away an boys Four up run incline.	Four boys run away up an incline.
nearby. in a dog little tennis sits at A and ball the air looks a parrot	A little dog looks at a tennis ball in the air and a parrot sits nearby.
runs German park. happily The the shepherd in	The German shepherd runs happily in the park.
a camera. Two are dogs digging to bottoms large under the rock with their	Two dogs are digging under a large rock with their bottoms to the camera.
Someone riding a is blue wave.	Someone is riding a blue wave.
with jumping tree a into the children Three pool a palm in middle.	Three children jumping into a pool with a palm tree in the middle.
in his skateboard A man rides wall shadow covered his on with falling a graffiti.	A man rides his skateboard with his shadow falling on a wall covered in graffiti.
through jumps bike A air. the	A bike jumps through the air.
girl a red swing. tracksuit a on with hair A and little teal	A little girl with red hair and a teal tracksuit on a swing.
A golden dog plays snow the in	A golden dog plays in the snow
jumping a dog into water. black dock off A	A black dog jumping off a dock into water.
snowy field. runs dog A a on	A dog runs on a snowy field.
dog leash a A on hind stands his legs. on tan	A tan dog on a leash stands on his hind legs.
hanging rails in on orange Girl dress	Girl in dress hanging on orange rails
a covering face sitting with scary a his man mask a table at	a man sitting at a table with a scary mask covering his face
in The air. cricketer bat swinging a is the	The cricketer is swinging a bat in the air.
Basketball opponent pushes away player	Basketball player pushes away opponent
on wearing gear the material safety kid stands some water. in A	A kid wearing safety gear stands on some material in the water.
is jumping the into little backyard. the in boy pool kiddie A	A little boy is jumping into the kiddie pool in the backyard.
A out hands man fliers a while wearing mask.	A man hands out fliers while wearing a mask.
in grass Two the dog. blonde with out a brown women hang young	Two blonde young women hang out in the grass with a brown dog.
running bone a A in mouth. blue is dog black his with	A black dog is running with a blue bone in his mouth.
and girl a on little are eating. a bag man A blue near sitting sidewalk a	A man and a little girl are sitting on a sidewalk near a blue bag eating.
orange A in small down girl slide. an slides yellow	A small girl in yellow slides down an orange slide.
tattoos back. A and upper on hair with lower person their pink and	A person with pink hair and tattoos on their upper and lower back.
sitting A under group a table people around sunshade. blue are a of	A group of people are sitting around a table under a blue sunshade.
goggles A girl in green swimming young	A young girl swimming in green goggles
sitting nails at looking girl her wall on	girl sitting on wall looking at her nails
the some rocks girl young staring on at ocean. stands A	A young girl stands on some rocks staring at the ocean.
boy A girl dancing. are and	A boy and girl are dancing.
sitting on little boy in covered path is mud. a A wet	A little boy is sitting on a wet path covered in mud.
A others watch. truck girl down from a while blue of side climbing the bright	A girl climbing down from the side of a bright blue truck while others watch.
skier going the down snowy A hill.	A skier going down the snowy hill.
Frisbee. leaps to A the catch a air red dog in	A dog leaps in the air to catch a red Frisbee.
Dog out its tongue. sticking	Dog sticking out its tongue.
A photos. to watching, paying woman is taking another lady attention what she	A lady paying attention to what she is watching, another woman taking photos.
A tries player to in kick ball the soccer goal. the	A soccer player tries to kick the ball in the goal.
out jogging tongue with his hanging tan dog a	a tan dog jogging with his tongue hanging out
showing bicycle. is ride a blue to boy man little A a how	A man is showing a little boy how to ride a blue bicycle.
back on blue in Person tire motorcycle with watching smoking the background. and people	Person on blue motorcycle with smoking back tire and people watching in the background.
wings pool girl a with crowded water leaps young into A	A young girl with water wings leaps into a crowded pool
diving onto Man his is wakeboard.	Man is diving onto his wakeboard.
jacket black pensively. beard man stares in black A with a a	A man in a black jacket with a black beard stares pensively.
another a boy green One street. in to helping boy pole is climb the	One boy is helping another boy to climb a green pole in the street.
field. is running black dog across a A	A black dog is running across a field.
the water. in their boat in rowing A person	A person rowing in their boat in the water.
the wrestle in young floor group of men of front men. an Two on	Two men wrestle on the floor in front of an group of young men.
surfer the in big catching a A ocean. wave	A surfer catching a big wave in the ocean.
sitting on are a People bus.	People are sitting on a bus.
the distance. a into blue woman A shirt in gazes	A woman in a blue shirt gazes into the distance.
clothing camera a her in girl hands. holding in Small pink	Small girl in pink clothing holding a camera in her hands.
is has a a block chainsaw and man ice. carving of A	A man has a chainsaw and is carving a block of ice.
dog near some is potted plants. turns camera back toward A the	A dog is turns back toward the camera near some potted plants.
down walking People water trail beside	People walking down trail beside water
A hockey group a during game. players ice along of slide the	A group of hockey players slide along the ice during a game.
lake. in A leaping a into a bathing green girl suit	A girl in a green bathing suit leaping into a lake.
girls red costumes in little black for and a Two posing picture. are	Two little girls in red and black costumes are posing for a picture.
holding rides woman with a A man an a bike umbrella.	A man rides a bike with a woman holding an umbrella.
a groom into leaps arms. and wall off stone A of wife's his	A groom leaps off of a stone wall and into his wife's arms.
A small the above kicks ball soccer grass. wearing a red boy	A small boy wearing red kicks a soccer ball above the grass.
a standing at Man counter. check-out	Man standing at a check-out counter.
little a red camera. beach while in girl a at points the adult A	A little girl in red at the beach while a adult points a camera.
Two walking dirt carrying down jackets a flowers. children road in	Two children in jackets walking down a dirt road carrying flowers.
boy at onto backward A red sand playground. in jumps a the	A boy in red jumps backward onto the sand at a playground.
mountain. a A on tent in hiker a	A hiker in a tent on a mountain.
young A handle pier. holds a blue a on onto boy	A young boy holds onto a blue handle on a pier.
Three dogs on racetrack racing	Three dogs racing on racetrack
a snowy mountain. jumping a on side snowboarder the of lone	a lone snowboarder jumping on the side of a snowy mountain.
under walk an trees. girls Three a path surrounded on arbor by	Three girls walk under an arbor on a path surrounded by trees.
A climbs rock girl a wall.	A girl climbs a rock wall.
on is a A rope girl swinging waves swing. over	A girl is swinging over waves on a rope swing.
bike the right. and with in on a mouth sucker jacket to a girl cement The the the is her in	The girl in the jacket is on the cement with a sucker in her mouth and a bike to the right.
Young a for waving soldier children flags American	Young children waving American flags for a soldier
Four sand next a each of are large shore on of body the water. to girls other jumping	Four girls are jumping next to each other on the sand shore of a large body of water.
headphones. man another sits sign, wearing and while Near stands badge snowflake	Near snowflake sign, man sits while another stands wearing badge and headphones.
boy is fence. standing little a by A blond	A blond little boy is standing by a fence.
child glass in A looks at display. rodents a	A child looks at rodents in a glass display.
the black yellow The dog. the of ear biting dog is	The black dog is biting the ear of the yellow dog.
a gray is dog on green running field. The	The gray dog is running on a green field.
ice winter. A people crowd in of outside skating	A crowd of people ice skating outside in winter.
Two jackets. guys wearing	Two guys wearing jackets.
woman Mohawk little holding street a a corner. green blue A a the a hand on boy with with striped shirt of	A woman with a blue Mohawk holding the hand of a little boy with a green striped shirt on a street corner.
a snowboarder jumps off A ramp.	A snowboarder jumps off a ramp.
their purple large a on backs Two lying dogs on comforter.	Two large dogs lying on their backs on a purple comforter.
rollerblading A down rail. man a is	A man is rollerblading down a rail.
wearing red standing Man front in shirt black of brick wall. a	Man wearing black shirt standing in front of a red brick wall.
man and watch A a a his play of teammate game pong. his shot female as beer they	A man and his female teammate watch his shot as they play a game of a beer pong.
while dog flies its A black holding an in object the mouth. through air	A black dog flies through the air while holding an object in its mouth.
front scowling a is A in sitting a fish. trying to lake catch of man flopping	A man scowling is sitting in front of a lake trying to catch a flopping fish.
the gives thumbs of crew and up a a in pool A boy water. cut sign with goggles	A boy with a crew cut and goggles gives the thumbs up sign in a pool of water.
brown through snow. dog and the black jumps A	A black and brown dog jumps through the snow.
through A boy climbing branches.	A boy climbing through branches.
formation in bands on a Marching field.	Marching bands in formation on a field.
street. young and with adults wet Group soaking on buckets of	Group of young adults with buckets and soaking wet on street.
People up an escalator. ride	People ride up an escalator.
identical green tattoos wrists. a wearing black hat a in A and sweater their a right man on Celtics woman display	A man in a green Celtics hat and a woman wearing a black sweater display identical tattoos on their right wrists.
on arms Man top a his of with in the air. mountain	Man on top of a mountain with his arms in the air.
black in top white a and print holding up Woman sleeveless sign.	Woman in sleeveless black and white print top holding up a sign.
on redheaded play bench, glasses swordfight sticks. with boys Two stand with	Two redheaded boys with glasses stand on bench, play swordfight with sticks.
and man lawn laugh. in A sit woman chairs a and	A man and a woman sit in lawn chairs and laugh.
Teens picture posing a event. a at crowded are for	Teens are posing for a picture at a crowded event.
hose. water drinks from A boy the	A boy drinks from the water hose.
is look with man canal. woman standing the the The as at his arms around they	The man is standing with his arms around the woman as they look at the canal.
people, Two waterbed. gear, in a bike bicycles with near stand rocky	Two people, in bike gear, stand with bicycles near a rocky waterbed.
pedestrians them. is that dog passing Two restaurant look at at looking the a	Two pedestrians passing a restaurant look at the dog that is looking at them.
with a and young wearing man jacket shirt mouth. is black his cigarette in pink a A standing	A young man is standing wearing a black jacket and pink shirt with a cigarette in his mouth.
woman a an water. gives her a a On above holds and rainy umbrella day, runner	On a rainy day, a woman holds an umbrella above a runner and gives her water.
together. people and tags Five wear on pose name necklace a	Five people wear name tags on a necklace and pose together.
miniature making a a playing guitar face. and little is boy A	A little boy is playing a miniature guitar and making a face.
nearby. a the orange leaves An while person boat watches shore	An orange boat leaves the shore while a person watches nearby.
held A being with adult. small child hair is by an curly	A small child with curly hair is being held by an adult.
one on girl standing yuong leg. is The	The yuong girl is standing on one leg.
A ramp. snowboarder off a launches	A snowboarder launches off a ramp.
ready air. girls into harnesses in up strapped to jump the Little	Little girls strapped into harnesses ready to jump up in the air.
a back. A horse hurdle with a on leaps rider its	A horse leaps a hurdle with a rider on its back.
ocean children beach. Two on a the towards are running	Two children are running towards the ocean on a beach.
wall. A front brick shirt woman a white of in standing a in	A woman in a white shirt standing in front of a brick wall.
A a on above stands a red monument a woman forest. in shirt	A woman in a red shirt stands on a monument above a forest.
on A tricks doing a person slope.	A person doing tricks on a slope.
white fence his ball and mouth. a runs with dog wooden a beside A brown in tennis	A brown and white dog runs beside a wooden fence with a tennis ball in his mouth.
talking is A football white red coach. and a in to player	A football player in red and white is talking to a coach.
the skinny dog The grass. through running brown is tall green	The skinny brown dog is running through the tall green grass.
it. green building A truck in next vest to parked runs red toward man while a blue a is burning a	A red truck is parked next to a burning blue building while a man in a green vest runs toward it.
outside are playing Children fountain. in a	Children are playing outside in a fountain.
a on flowers a yellow bee landed of bunch small	a small bee landed on a bunch of yellow flowers
in waters. man rough A kayaking is	A man is kayaking in rough waters.
a forest. dogs through sled a Sled pull snowy	Sled dogs pull a sled through a snowy forest.
A bicycle a across rides holding street black in another a while the dog. walks man	A man in black rides a bicycle across the street while another walks holding a dog.
them. men women on group of flags happy with young and writing A Chinese hold	A group of happy young men and women hold flags with Chinese writing on them.
black toy. dogs pool Two diving a to are get a into dog	Two black dogs are diving into a pool to get a dog toy.
stone the that along ocean. carrying a surfboard is man leads wall a A to	A man is carrying a surfboard along a stone wall that leads to the ocean.
making the water kid of A a front funny in face	A kid making a funny face in front of the water
behind beach sunset gorgeous them. on and with a woman walk Man	Man and woman walk on beach with a gorgeous sunset behind them.
The the through and snow. climbs rocks man	The man climbs through the rocks and snow.
blue a play dogs in a in watches red a as woman brown A with yard. jacket grassy ball her two	A woman in a blue jacket watches as her two brown dogs play with a red ball in a grassy yard.
bucket. the on walks beach child with A a	A child walks on the beach with a bucket.
man mountains. walks near A	A man walks near mountains.
brown and brown A light are dry in and black dog brush. a some dog	A light brown dog and a black and brown dog are in some dry brush.
man with bushy baseball A beard a on a bench. a sits cap park and	A man with a bushy beard and a baseball cap sits on a park bench.
shirt is man A wearing a red skateboarding.	A man wearing a red shirt is skateboarding.
biker a rides trail. A down dirt	A dirt biker rides down a trail.
female a pink on toddler is wearing playground. shirt a playing A	A female toddler wearing a pink shirt is playing on a playground.
stands car. blue in outside shirt the Man	Man in blue shirt stands outside the car.
appears leash brown and dog dog. be playing brown colored white and the with on is to The a	The brown dog is on a leash and appears to be playing with the white and brown colored dog.
A girl trampoline. jumping on while the the splits in a air doing	A girl doing the splits in the air while jumping on a trampoline.
down wearing a city walks a A skirt street. woman jean	A woman wearing a jean skirt walks down a city street.
to nearby. a woman are foliage man red about in blue and in with kiss A	A woman in blue and a man in red are about to kiss with foliage nearby.
wall. four a against people huddle	four people huddle against a wall.
bikes of rack. There red and bike row white a all is in a	There is a row of red and white bikes all in a bike rack.
are sledding of A down hill. covered group people a snow	A group of people are sledding down a snow covered hill.
skate. up is trying ice child who is holding adult to An a	An adult is holding up a child who is trying to ice skate.
on and ridden orange white motorcycle An is being racetrack. a	An orange and white motorcycle is being ridden on a racetrack.
playing music a is canopy. A underneath white band	A band is playing music underneath a white canopy.
is The on dog stick back bringing a grass. brown green	The brown dog is bringing back a stick on green grass.
ride. ride amusement Two park an kids	Two kids ride an amusement park ride.
of small a in standing awards. front brown by a surrounded dog fireplace	a small brown dog standing in front of a fireplace surrounded by awards.
red down on a coat is a slide. pink a toddler front laying in	a toddler in a pink coat is laying front down on a red slide.
greyhounds Two race	Two greyhounds race
at the boy local A the on blue runs jeans track in school.	A boy in blue jeans runs on the track at the local school.
in shopping on and large transport People multiple trash bags carts. bicycles	People transport multiple large trash bags on bicycles and in shopping carts.
on One two teeth sand. baring other dog dogs the running at	One dog baring teeth at two other dogs running on the sand.
A silhouette stare over mountaintops. the of towards group sun the climbers in	A group of climbers in silhouette stare towards the sun over the mountaintops.
a in a bench. sitting people Three front on of store	Three people sitting in front of a store on a bench.
the grass. in Large brown white soccer playing ball with a dog	Large brown dog playing with a white soccer ball in the grass.
breathes a fire. man	a man breathes fire.
People canyon river. bridge a a with long over crossing a	People crossing a long bridge over a canyon with a river.
from football players white player from tackling team one Three team. red	Three football players from red team tackling one player from white team.
men Two a their hill with stop bicycles. on snow-covered	Two men stop on a snow-covered hill with their bicycles.
flip. standing dog and behind man A doing a black small a white back	A man standing behind a small black and white dog doing a back flip.
be scarf green dog with The and playing. the to white the appear girl	The girl with the green scarf and the white dog appear to be playing.
person One on. look others while snowboarding	One person snowboarding while others look on.
A women wearing of together. rally red group all	A group of women wearing red all rally together.
A tire faux child a red on swinging young shirt a wearing swing.	A young child wearing a red shirt swinging on a faux tire swing.
leaps A through the snow a in dog field. brown	A brown dog leaps through the snow in a field.
glass walking doors. through man A double	A man walking through glass double doors.
sunny bicycle a child a A in rides neighborhood.	A child rides a bicycle in a sunny neighborhood.
the game. puck in tries a to hockey A goalie block	A goalie tries to block the puck in a hockey game.
and smoking. black standing Women wearing	Women wearing black standing and smoking.
woman with small walking a is a A blue with Mohawk child.	A woman with a blue Mohawk is walking with a small child.
and black armbands. the player Sooners weas football A number 28	A Sooners football player weas the number 28 and black armbands.
over wave jumping girl	girl jumping over wave
pose on in women Two street. dresses a	Two women in dresses pose on a street.
sitting An reading a man book. older outside	An older man sitting outside reading a book.
blue surfboard beach. a bathing stands a wearing on at red suit A man the	A man wearing a blue bathing suit stands on a red surfboard at the beach.
down A Rollerblades path. a glides man on park	A man on Rollerblades glides down a park path.
A dog is brown on running grass.	A brown dog is running on grass.
man bike. rides mountain a in helmet a A blue	A man in a blue helmet rides a mountain bike.
front it Red a Bull-branded crowd. race leaves of car behind smoke in	Red Bull-branded race car leaves smoke behind it in front of a crowd.
at around buried a hay hay in Little lady. throwing girl	Little girl buried in hay throwing hay around at a lady.
dog A neck its stretches as out off dust. shakes it	A dog stretches its neck out as it shakes off dust.
walking snow. through A yellow puppy the	A yellow puppy walking through the snow.
an amusement a game A small at park balloons. animal with stuffed holding booth child is	A small child is holding a stuffed animal at an amusement park game booth with balloons.
onto hangs train. a A on boy straps	A boy hangs onto straps on a train.
eagle An the through flies air.	An eagle flies through the air.
beagle on waterline. is walking the The the beach at	The beagle is walking on the beach at the waterline.
out dog water long of walks his and licks haired the nose. A	A long haired dog walks out of the water and licks his nose.
boys little Three standing to next and fence. a on	Three little boys standing next to and on a fence.
with his on the Boy floaties feet the in sand with beach.	Boy with floaties with his feet in the sand on the beach.
flags People with american the on street. gathered	People with american flags gathered on the street.
during appear anthem. girls at attention be the national young to Two	Two young girls appear to be at attention during the national anthem.
man something other watching people are doing. that A	A man watching something that other people are doing.
A mask. a person wears	A person wears a mask.
the hiker on high standing bluff A mountains. in a	A hiker standing on a bluff high in the mountains.
A a bike her cars. sweater in rides pink woman alongside	A woman in a pink sweater rides her bike alongside cars.
black and brown are a A dog fighting.	A black and a brown dog are fighting.
group A of a of around people bag gathering groceries.	A group of people gathering around a bag of groceries.
playing snow on dogs covered ground Two	Two dogs playing on snow covered ground
a running the beach while A dog watches. on man	A dog running on the beach while a man watches.
kick two boxing fighters	two fighters kick boxing
school road. down Four teens tropical uniforms walk in a	Four teens in school uniforms walk down a tropical road.
Two are other. each at dogs looking	Two dogs are looking at each other.
car a wet race a track. white makes A through splash	A white race car makes a splash through a wet track.
young sliding girl A slide down orange an	A young girl sliding down an orange slide
Packer cooling Green player Bay off	Green Bay Packer player cooling off
somthing. Three dogs sniff at small	Three small dogs sniff at somthing.
at jumps dog a A high very barrier competition over a	A dog jumps over a very high barrier at a competition
nascar course to keep driver the trying car his A on	A nascar driver trying to keep his car on the course
wrestling together. with pressed men wearing gear Two heads their	Two men wearing wrestling gear with their heads pressed together.
pencil a on a a colorful beside couch with sits A man hand. cushion in his	A man sits on a couch beside a colorful cushion with a pencil in his hand.
man the the in standing of is at stadium top A a red steps. jacket	A man in a red jacket is standing at the top of the stadium steps.
sand look dog stands to dog. at on another and the brown white A	A brown and white dog stands on the sand to look at another dog.
handstand others. in doing person A of front a	A person doing a handstand in front of others.
of workers ground. the breaks stone on up team A	A team of workers breaks up stone on the ground.
little hair girl A teeter curly with sitting totter. on a	A little girl with curly hair sitting on a teeter totter.
A and blue pool. guy yellow navy jumping a shorts in into	A guy in navy blue and yellow shorts jumping into a pool.
ball. a dogs, has blue one Three whom of	Three dogs, one of whom has a blue ball.
closed A watches, smiling. his while woman with eyes slides slide sunglasses young a blue a boy with down	A young boy slides down a blue slide with his eyes closed while a woman with sunglasses watches, smiling.
street. on dog holding Woman	Woman holding dog on street.
bench. bearded a a wearing denim sits jacket on man A	A bearded man wearing a denim jacket sits on a bench.
to is on down holding dog. brown man crouching A his large	A man is crouching down holding on to his large brown dog.
white together black playing are Two dogs outside. and	Two black and white dogs are playing together outside.
front girl Old of stand in lady little flowers. purple and	Old lady and little girl stand in front of purple flowers.
dog across running A beach. a tan wet	A wet tan dog running across a beach.
in seated and plants. toy, with yellow pajamas, red near on tire Boy	Boy in pajamas, with red and yellow toy, seated on tire near plants.
grey at a woman. jump Three dogs	Three grey dogs jump at a woman.
metal wearing in race a A muzzle. a greyhound	A greyhound in a race wearing a metal muzzle.
is up jet as The it with being German dog water. jumping squirted shepherd of is a	The German shepherd dog is jumping up as it is being squirted with a jet of water.
jumps water. over some A dog	A dog jumps over some water.
an his launches Oceanside daughter in pool. father A	A father launches his daughter in an Oceanside pool.
the runs white along a beach dog	a white dog runs along the beach
legs on carpeting white in standing its front and hind dog of chair. on black A a	A black and white dog standing on its hind legs on carpeting in front of a chair.
over A the in is air bicyclist ramp. a	A bicyclist is in the air over a ramp.
seating ride People a wide mechanisms. riding are coaster-like with blue roller	People are riding a blue roller coaster-like ride with wide seating mechanisms.
boy little toy. A in a up playing blow is	A little boy is playing in a blow up toy.
child is child a back small in swing. The leaning	The small child is leaning back in a child swing.
a woman young swings by around A the young hands. boy	A young woman swings a young boy around by the hands.
Iove Girls little that bright costumes holding you. say signs in	Girls in bright costumes holding little signs that say Iove you.
outstretched toy at in camera aims A fireplace. a foot a of front the his with young boy	A young boy with his foot outstretched aims a toy at the camera in front of a fireplace.
outside as a takes together standing group A photograph. of are one people	A group of people are standing together outside as one takes a photograph.
and close and for A a a photo. woman girl sit young pose	A woman and a young girl sit close and pose for a photo.
the pose A dressed costume camera. man woman for and in	A man and woman dressed in costume pose for the camera.
in A the ocean. splashes kid	A kid splashes in the ocean.
a A punching field. jumps in bag against a girl	A girl jumps against a punching bag in a field.
backpack kid man's and shoulders man a another on in of Little front blue a canyon. holding a	Little kid on a man's shoulders and another man holding a blue backpack in front of a canyon.
catch in wave ocean. same huge the surfers Two the	Two surfers catch the same huge wave in the ocean.
the turn. is and rounding car race The black white	The black and white race car is rounding the turn.
put A about Woman a the to is shoe on bride.	A Woman is about to put a shoe on the bride.
bedroom. toys in playing a boy A with	A boy playing with toys in a bedroom.
rock. blond A a young is climbing up girl	A young blond girl is climbing up a rock.
young tight women Two in clothing.	Two young women in tight clothing.
ramp. off skateboarder trick The a is a performing	The skateboarder is performing a trick off a ramp.
Red-headed " Flickr " badge event. man at with	Red-headed man with " Flickr " badge at event.
intensely all-white tennis playing an A in woman outfit.	A woman intensely playing tennis in an all-white outfit.
of black bull. brown and a dog runs front in large A white	A black dog runs in front of a large brown and white bull.
A is and pavilion. little near running a shorts girl in shirt grassy a hill up a pink green	A little girl in a green shirt and pink shorts is running up a grassy hill near a pavilion.
the up The Frisbee. jumps dog to catch	The dog jumps up to catch the Frisbee.
A a dog stuff. through collection as of rummages his owner waits	A dog waits as his owner rummages through a collection of stuff.
Brown person in on with a ramp midair. structure ski's	Brown ramp structure with a person on ski's in midair.
to sit green next Woman their truck. man and	Woman and man sit next to their green truck.
next a while A dog to a eats and woman man. sits her	A woman eats while a dog sits next to her and a man.
playground them. Two the of around sit middle that toy in spins kids a	Two kids sit in the middle of a playground toy that spins around them.
A older young down Minnie outfit walking dressed an woman the girl a in mouse and sidewalk.	A young girl dressed in a Minnie mouse outfit and an older woman walking down the sidewalk.
with people the background. snow A standing the woman in in	A woman standing in the snow with people in the background.
walk the Two down fat street. people short,	Two short, fat people walk down the street.
grassy in dog A up a field. looking	A dog looking up in a grassy field.
other. Two each dogs biting at	Two dogs biting at each other.
dog something at off Brown background. camera, barking green	Brown dog barking at something off camera, green background.
heron flying. blue A	A blue heron flying.
bathroom. Two playing little children in the	Two little children playing in the bathroom.
a night. at next people are sitting wood-stacked campfire Two to	Two people are sitting next to a wood-stacked campfire at night.
of things. burning group are A people	A group of people are burning things.
A hand racer the air. one in lifts on motorcycle a	A racer on a motorcycle lifts one hand in the air.
the in Two snow. sticks a kids play together game with	Two kids play a game together with sticks in the snow.
dog the leaps over hurdle. A	A dog leaps over the hurdle.
a the in coat walking man beige A is rain. trench in	A man in a beige trench coat is walking in the rain.
background. ball boy Young young soccer kicking in fleece in jacket with girl	Young boy in fleece jacket kicking soccer ball with young girl in background.
by walls. boy skateboard covered surrounded a steps, The jumping is the graffiti down	The boy is jumping a skateboard down the steps, surrounded by graffiti covered walls.
ice in Young hoodie red skating. boy	Young boy in red hoodie ice skating.
her yellow a A pocket in on her girl hands a shirt bridge. with walks in	A girl in a yellow shirt walks with her hands in her pocket on a bridge.
red runs beach. colorful a boy wearing a A along sweater	A boy wearing a red sweater runs along a colorful beach.
child A dog and near who a a is standing jumping. are man	A man and a child are standing near a dog who is jumping.
starting round. ball paintball the Speed first team	Speed ball paintball team starting the first round.
colorful ball dog a A carrying swims. black	A black dog carrying a colorful ball swims.
A house. a woman outside tak of man coffee and a	A man and a woman tak outside of a coffee house.
two children group stand in of large front A tires. outside of	A group of children stand outside in front of two large tires.
University's football Sooners Oklahoma a playing team rival. against	Oklahoma University's Sooners football team playing against a rival.
hill A snow a wearing covered man backpack. carefully down a is skiing	A man is carefully skiing down a snow covered hill wearing a backpack.
men, and bright walking one in pink deep shirtless water, arms. with waist Two hair green with man	Two men, walking waist deep in water, with one man shirtless with green hair and bright pink arms.
a on a hat An woman ski blue and sitting chair. is glasses wearing old	An old woman wearing a ski hat and glasses is sitting on a blue chair.
crowd dogs. her of crosslegged the sits beside grass a woman young purse among on A	A young woman sits crosslegged beside her purse on the grass among a crowd of dogs.
black tank is and headband, a woman top gloves. purple white A wearing	A woman is wearing a white headband, purple tank top and black gloves.
sitting having A together. red a woman drink blond haired a and and	A blond and a red haired woman sitting and having a drink together.
sitting an indoor crowd in stadium. A	A crowd sitting in an indoor stadium.
A the runs and red white black dog across dirt.	A black and white dog runs across the red dirt.
young a green is sitting in A tunnel boy	A young boy is sitting in a green tunnel
bicycle a a train. top across person the on of A moving	A person on a bicycle moving across the top of a train.
the a brown the white dog. background, a air house In white in a a fenced jumps in dog beside with yard	In a fenced yard with a white house in the background, a white dog jumps in the air beside a brown dog.
wrestler award sumo stand the young at man at of an front Three in a ceremony at students microphone. attention	Three young sumo wrestler students stand at attention at an award ceremony in front of a man at the microphone.
wearing and shirt skateboarder white a The jeans trick. performs a	The skateboarder wearing jeans and a white shirt performs a trick.
on bride bridal surrounding couch. party a A a sitting	A bridal party surrounding a bride sitting on a couch.
young and child A pool green yellow splashes wading in a	A young child splashes in a green and yellow wading pool
SUV through An mud. traveling	An SUV traveling through mud.
mountain look people Several of the ground. down at top on a	Several people on top of a mountain look down at the ground.
on women sidewalk. the walking Two	Two women walking on the sidewalk.
balcony nighttime. stand group people at on of A a	A group of people stand on a balcony at nighttime.
the the in pole is over grass. black jumping The dog white	The black dog is jumping over the white pole in the grass.
land Person of hilly in water background. rocky edge standing on with	Person standing on rocky edge of water with hilly land in background.
yellow white toy. a fetching dog A	A white dog fetching a yellow toy.
hanging Young girl a on vine.	Young girl hanging on a vine.
and in sky. a at stands snow looks pretty child the A	A child stands in the snow and looks at a pretty sky.
denim jacket in woman and elderly is bush. a for sunglasses a of an wearing front green a posing picture	an elderly woman wearing a denim jacket and sunglasses is posing for a picture in front of a green bush.
A girl are costumes. in and boy colorful a dressed	A boy and a girl are dressed in colorful costumes.
a repelling a down next cliff is to man A lake.	A man is repelling down a cliff next to a lake.
group on a playing A swing. kids tire are of	A group of kids are playing on a tire swing.
outdoors man equipment. near A	A man outdoors near equipment.
in black a is bicycle. and riding person A outfit a green	A person in a black and green outfit is riding a bicycle.
game soccer after Two a during waits. ball while boys a go goalie a	Two boys go after a soccer ball during a game while a goalie waits.
upright A winter held baby picture. small a is being in clothing to take	A small baby in winter clothing is being held upright to take a picture.
a holds boy A jacket hooded wearing a crab.	A boy wearing a hooded jacket holds a crab.
girls the on ground. Three playing	Three girls playing on the ground.
of front green building. man A holding star large in a shaped stone balloon like a young a	A young man holding a green balloon shaped like a star in front of a large stone building.
playing small is A with rocks boy	A small boy is playing with rocks
white over the walks man a A shuttered wearing building advertising passed an banner door. with	A man wearing white walks passed a shuttered building with an advertising banner over the door.
leaves throwing A a pink air. the girl young coat into in	A young girl in a pink coat throwing leaves into the air.
children a fountain are Five water sprayed by being	Five children are being sprayed by a water fountain
is A an jacket guard dog fluffy school. wearing for elementary a green	A fluffy dog is wearing a green guard jacket for an elementary school.
Two posing. soccer teams	Two soccer teams posing.
ring. boxers are the in Two	Two boxers are in the ring.
his in background out a hanging dog in with some the dog tan one standing grass and tongue	one dog standing in some grass with his tongue hanging out and a tan dog in the background
slide hair A boy little on a with frizzy	A little boy with frizzy hair on a slide
a jumping through is A dog red hoop	A dog is jumping through a red hoop
paddling pool. girl short slide down is sliding little an into a inflatable a	a little girl is sliding down a short slide into an inflatable paddling pool.
number runs fiveteen the lacrosse ball. with	number fiveteen runs with the lacrosse ball.
a set. children Three on swing	Three children on a swing set.
pulling wearing dog sled. harness a is A a black	A black dog wearing a harness is pulling a sled.
dog hay from hay Black ball jumps to ball.	Black dog jumps from hay ball to hay ball.
a shaded of on with bench building. sits a A view couple a and trees large	A couple sits on a shaded bench with a view of trees and a large building.
A uniquely-shaped face puts to his boy up little the window.	A little boy puts his face up to the uniquely-shaped window.
boy on a lawn. shadow-dappled poses A	A boy poses on a shadow-dappled lawn.
A red-headed boy plays Em Whack ! little	A little red-headed boy plays Whack Em !
down is on mountain his giong hill biker A a bike.	A mountain biker is giong down a hill on his bike.
holds a man A bird.	A man holds a bird.
is a with with someone. blue girl and hair blowing A shirt little bubbles outside blonde	A little girl with blonde hair and a blue shirt is blowing bubbles outside with someone.
shorts. posing and in Two boys blue khaki shirts	Two boys posing in blue shirts and khaki shorts.
around arms waving outside. boy This his is	This boy is waving around his arms outside.
a a wooden and playing cat dog are A floor. on	A dog and a cat are playing on a wooden floor.
man a paddles in a lake. A canoe	A man paddles a canoe in a lake.
a and on red with a white dog getting collar brown trampoline a	a brown and white dog with a red collar getting on a trampoline
suit in up man A a gray bicycle locking a	A man in a gray suit locking up a bicycle
man a table. A a woman at sitting small and are metal	A man and a woman are sitting at a small metal table.
racing of Two lines colorful racetrack. cars a on	Two lines of colorful cars racing on a racetrack.
dogs run a manicured lawn. through Three	Three dogs run through a manicured lawn.
another A watches. and is jumping dog a dog to catch up toy black white as	A black and white dog is jumping up to catch a toy as another dog watches.
a dog under sits small bench. a	a small dog sits under a bench.
a down yellow skis hill. woman A wearing a jacket snowy	A woman wearing a yellow jacket skis down a snowy hill.
A in doing aerobics ocean. the of people group are	A group of people are doing aerobics in the ocean.
player A orange wearing backwards. an uniform looks basketball	A basketball player wearing an orange uniform looks backwards.
dog on is The the bed.	The dog is on the bed.
are posing boys Ranger. with a dressed Two person Power young as a	Two young boys are posing with a person dressed as a Power Ranger.
The car. and is black yellow next white a dog tethered to	The black and white dog is tethered next to a yellow car.
A in of jumping. photo, the the groomsmen all wedding purple, bridesmaids	A wedding photo, the bridesmaids in purple, all of the groomsmen jumping.
bed. A parking vehicle truck an flat in bed lot with army its on a	A flat bed truck in a parking lot with an army vehicle on its bed.
in dog and wooden brown jumping white the a air near fence. A	A brown and white dog jumping in the air near a wooden fence.
making a Six castles. sitting people in mud creek are shallow	Six people are sitting in a shallow creek making mud castles.
A red in little a tree. climbing is boy	A little boy in red is climbing a tree.
its smaller mouth. holds a in A animal dog	A dog holds a smaller animal in its mouth.
off mountains jump, snowy Snowboarder in background. of flies	Snowboarder flies off of snowy jump, mountains in background.
women other garb with in area. head at public Two each looking a	Two women with head garb looking at each other in a public area.
green the in playing a park kid shirt A in	A kid in a green shirt playing in the park
Someone water. splashing in the	Someone splashing in the water.
the girl a in shirt yellow A plays water. in	A girl in a yellow shirt plays in the water.
dog leaping Dark down a path. colored	Dark colored dog leaping down a path.
swimming a jumping and trunks blue swim red boy into wearing pool. A headfirst	A boy wearing red and blue swim trunks jumping headfirst into a swimming pool.
playing hockey. of men A group	A group of men playing hockey.
is red a riding a bar. shirt The boy along in skateboard yellow the	The boy in the yellow shirt is riding a skateboard along a red bar.
and The wearing plastic a man woman raincoat. are protective	The man and woman are wearing a protective plastic raincoat.
sunny day tree Two people standing a on in	Two people standing in tree on a sunny day
ride on carnival a two girls	two girls on a carnival ride
a chair whilst boy him pulls around another boy on with is a A rope. leaning	A boy is leaning on a chair whilst another boy pulls him around with a rope.
swinging bat. Cricket player field, on	Cricket player on field, swinging bat.
running in the a snow white dog	a white dog running in the snow
in ball pink, with mouth covered hopes bed with dog its A jumps in playing of on the	A dog jumps on bed covered in pink, with hopes of playing with the ball in its mouth
wall. man A rock a climbs in suit a red	A man in a red suit climbs a rock wall.
a outside. mouth pale A tan is stick its carrying in dog	A pale tan dog is carrying a stick in its mouth outside.
with laying on the floor. white Black dog puppies	Black dog with white puppies laying on the floor.
into is girl black the in leaping a A two-piece water.	A girl in a black two-piece is leaping into the water.
in A jumps rope a parking girl lot.	A girl jumps rope in a parking lot.
one and in long black hand a girl of air. raised the hair closeup a with picture	a closeup picture of a girl with long black hair and one hand raised in the air.
of couple a picture a front in posing wall	a couple posing in front of a picture wall
road biker photographed off another he is performs the in as An dirt. stunt	An off road biker is photographed as he performs another stunt in the dirt.
in Three the with boys background. young fence a badminton, playing	Three young boys playing badminton, with a fence in the background.
three held together sunglasses out his by A " wears hands on " head. child rock	A child wears three " rock out hands " held together by sunglasses on his head.
at girls looking camera. young Two	Two young girls looking at camera.
running across Black and dog grass. white	Black and white dog running across grass.
boy throw A to snowball a preparing	A boy preparing to throw a snowball
side of the fountain. is little jumping A playfully boy a off	A little boy is playfully jumping off the side of a fountain.
open mouth and black tan near dog. of Brown with dog head	Brown dog with mouth open near head of black and tan dog.
big a girl jumping hair small rope. A smile brown is and with	A small girl with brown hair and a big smile is jumping rope.
pavement on sitting wearing a shirt girl man an a eating. black A shirt and orange wearing the	A man wearing a black shirt and a girl wearing an orange shirt sitting on the pavement eating.
air. in high the A swings girl	A girl swings high in the air.
shirts. I blonde white beer love are Two women wearing	Two blonde women are wearing white I love beer shirts.
to gets A quarterback football. ready throw the	A quarterback gets ready to throw the football.
playing A dodgeball. kids group of	A group of kids playing dodgeball.
near on notepad portrait a woman writing outdoors A a	A woman writing on a notepad near a portrait outdoors
center left with speaking. table judges sitting the one at a are Four	Four judges are sitting at a table with the center left one speaking.
uniform the posing five in A for men of are group camera.	A group of five men in uniform are posing for the camera.
ball a in one other thrown. pool, catching the girls has a Two	Two girls in a pool, one catching a ball the other has thrown.
snowboards the can in woods. over garbage upturned A man an	A man snowboards over an upturned garbage can in the woods.
ocean from into jumping helicopter. Diver	Diver jumping into ocean from helicopter.
Two for dress posing girls warmly a outdoors picture	Two warmly dress girls posing for a picture outdoors
child in background. of forearms on man watches colorful a a while his front A balances	A man balances on his forearms while a child watches in front of a colorful background.
ditch. stands into has next a run SUV to off that A woman a red	A woman stands next to a red SUV that has run off into a ditch.
on middle man a of ocean. sail and clear green a in is with A the sailboard the	A man is on a sailboard with a green and clear sail in the middle of the ocean.
race. A unsual bike a man riding in bike an	A man riding an unsual bike in a bike race.
along A trail. wheel rocky off drive four road car navigating a is	A four wheel drive car is navigating along a rocky off road trail.
the A river dog is in walking in ring a brown mouth. yellow with its	A brown dog is walking in the river with a yellow ring in its mouth.
a near Pizza wearing A a sign. hat girl Domino's	A girl wearing a hat near a Domino's Pizza sign.
a water. its swims dog black ball in with A the mouth in	A black dog with a ball in its mouth swims in the water.
sitting A man's a on back. girl small	A small girl sitting on a man's back.
game. hockey players the fall to in ground Two a	Two hockey players fall to the ground in a game.
smoking a Budweiser man A speedway at car a photographing is tires. its sprint	A man is photographing a Budweiser sprint car at a speedway smoking its tires.
walking city in trees skyline. by is the A of front man	A man is walking by trees in front of the city skyline.
sand is shirt not out man in front pouring on can while something A tent. wearing and a sitting a orange red a of	A man not wearing a shirt is pouring something out a can while sitting on sand in front of a orange and red tent.
tongue dog is in out. short haired A its mostly area a running with swampy black	A mostly black short haired dog is running in a swampy area with its tongue out.
midair. kick Boy to in soccer backward leaning a ball	Boy leaning backward to kick a soccer ball in midair.
person reading. on brown is A in a the sitting pier a by water jacket	A person in a brown jacket is sitting on a pier by the water reading.
racing boat water a red the covered across	a red covered boat racing across the water
plays dog A beach. on the	A dog plays on the beach.
children A jumping shirts, shorts white and of rope. crowd white in black hats	A crowd of children in white shirts, black shorts and white hats jumping rope.
a leaps holds bald in surfboard, a air wetsuit man handle flips in black waterskiing a to the A on on	A bald man in a black wetsuit flips leaps in the air on a surfboard, holds on to a waterskiing handle
red on man black a in shirt sitting with bus tie	black man in red shirt with tie sitting on a bus
sits stool toys. beside on Man	Man sits on stool beside toys.
brown, Brown dog through terrain leafy tan runs and	Brown and tan dog runs through brown, leafy terrain
stuffed holding a animal. white A dog	A dog holding a white stuffed animal.
clothing. in Two winter people	Two people in winter clothing.
There on playing is playground. toddler a a	There is a toddler playing on a playground.
large ride riding stuffed and over a amuseument fair. an Girl animal	Girl and large stuffed animal riding an amuseument ride over a fair.
drink Patrons nightclub. share a at	Patrons share a drink at nightclub.
Dog herding cows	Dog herding cows
golden dog A muddy running grass in	A muddy golden dog running in grass
at Pinscher night A Doberman	A Doberman Pinscher at night
a jacket cup. thermos in mountaineer a is yellow A drinking from	A mountaineer in a yellow jacket is drinking from a thermos cup.
is a three-wheeled throught vehicle sandy playground. riding a Someone	Someone is riding a three-wheeled vehicle throught a sandy playground.
behind up in that to " sign harness says and active. is " her air lift a sits the girl into a ready A	A girl sits in a harness ready to lift up into the air and behind her is a sign that says " active. "
a leather A man wearing jacket.	A man wearing a leather jacket.
in river the water. playing furry The dog beige is murky	The furry beige dog is playing in the murky river water.
while through another drink. looks man his holds binoculars man a a	a man looks through his binoculars while another man holds a drink.
A woman as line. a waves zip she rides	A woman waves as she rides a zip line.
one its mouth dogs, with open. Two	Two dogs, one with its mouth open.
black to is female room of speaking full A all wearing a people.	A female wearing all black is speaking to a room full of people.
wall climbing rock Extreme	Extreme rock wall climbing
a water A did while flip side boarding. person	A person did a side flip while water boarding.
standing dog in water. the A is brown	A brown dog is standing in the water.
overlooking ocean. the standing man on is top rocks of A	A man is standing on top of rocks overlooking the ocean.
a piece adult clothing The covering their outside of face with is	The adult is covering their face with a piece of clothing outside
wearing and boy The baseball a bat. green is cap holding black a	The boy is wearing a green cap and holding a black baseball bat.
girl A cart while back grocery in store. the on a smiles a of riding	A girl smiles while riding on the back of a cart in a grocery store.
a a blue in taking picture. A sweatshirt guy	A guy in a blue sweatshirt taking a picture.
falling laying ring. another A onto is in wrestler is a who wrestler	A wrestler is falling onto another wrestler who is laying in a ring.
couple posing a front fountain. in picture a of Older for	Older couple posing for a picture in front of a fountain.
motorcycles down on Two street. men are driving empty an	Two men on motorcycles are driving down an empty street.
something greyish-brown grass. Two dogs the at looking in	Two greyish-brown dogs looking at something in the grass.
air. an A in trampoline water sitting a girl empty on the bottle tosses	A girl sitting on a trampoline tosses an empty water bottle in the air.
forest. standing log dog a A a on in	A dog standing on a log in a forest.
water large low sunlight. of body fishing in Person with	Person fishing in large body of water with low sunlight.
a his man with little as Santa in lap. dressed clause, girl A	A man dressed as Santa clause, with a little girl in his lap.
spots the is of boy on floor A jumping painted fountain. that on yellow water are a	A boy is jumping on yellow spots that are painted on the floor of a water fountain.
A bicycle is in in shirt pink a girl traffic. riding a	A girl in a pink shirt is riding a bicycle in traffic.
shirt in An a is running boy barefoot wall. African green along large	An African boy in large green shirt is running barefoot along a wall.
white black a standing and Frisbee on red A with beach. a sandy dog	A black and white dog with a red Frisbee standing on a sandy beach.
running a through dogs field. Three	Three dogs running through a field.
orange young alone sleeves the stands in A with child woods.	A young child with orange sleeves stands alone in the woods.
a rows dock. girl from A boat a	A girl rows a boat from a dock.
ocean. is Girl the through gray wading	Girl is wading through the gray ocean.
black, ball is and a with sand. playing white, brown A and green dog on pink	A black, white, and brown dog is playing with a green and pink ball on sand.
ledge. a a on jumps up A riding wood skateboard man	A man riding a skateboard jumps up on a wood ledge.
a A climbing fence. girl link chain	A girl climbing a chain link fence.
ladies pictures and Two taking is watching. one are	Two ladies are taking pictures and one is watching.
are a dogs playing near deflated next water basketball. Two to	Two dogs are playing near water next to a deflated basketball.
A in background. with the in others water, splashes woman	A woman splashes in water, with others in the background.
a children of being smiling picture pool. taken in Two swimming are for them	Two children are smiling for picture being taken of them in a swimming pool.
boy chair from another. A jumping one little to	A little boy jumping from one chair to another.
The mouth. ball holding his is a dog in	The dog is holding a ball in his mouth.
look. amused a man an An gives woman older	An older man gives a woman an amused look.
Outdoors, dancing huddle other dancers in orange in as background. girl dress	Outdoors, girl in orange dress dancing as other dancers huddle in background.
looking a on dock, onto stand a out people lake. Two	Two people stand on a dock, looking out onto a lake.
wearing a school a puddle on jacket white yellow a lease	a white puddle wearing a yellow school jacket on a lease
whilst a airborne riding surfer waves. is an doing stunt	a surfer is doing an airborne stunt whilst riding waves.
as black up thrown is head. ball white and over a jumps A his dog	A black and white dog jumps up as a ball is thrown over his head.
man A two the on dogs plays with beach.	A man plays with two dogs on the beach.
leash a the on dog water. A through runs white brown	A brown dog on a leash runs through the white water.
of uniforms children A stand group in outside.	A group of children in uniforms stand outside.
sit a cave. people in three	three people sit in a cave.
a jump little puddle her into with is girl flower A boots. mud to about rain	A little girl is about to jump into a mud puddle with her flower rain boots.
one wearing side of skull motorcyclists mask. is the the are on a Two road standing and	Two motorcyclists are standing on the side of the road and one is wearing a skull mask.
fancy baby a a stroller Two with restaurant. in women	Two women with a baby stroller in a fancy restaurant.
street. a on wearing is and white walking The the suit man	The man is wearing a white suit and walking on the street.
and a for Two picture. pose hands clasp girls	Two girls clasp hands and pose for a picture.
woman jogging plant shirt and the a A store street corner. wearing on hat with white is a a down	A woman wearing a white hat and shirt is jogging down a street with a plant store on the corner.
There hat white a the on and laying is with man red ground a head. his on	There is a man laying on the ground with a red and white hat on his head.
park. A a boy a follows a in at woman wheelchair young	A woman in a wheelchair follows a young boy at a park.
blue lady from with tied a her. stuff tree hangs around a	a lady hangs from a tree with blue stuff tied around her.
a on black brown A a biting sidewalk dog dog	A brown dog biting a black dog on a sidewalk
machines. ground man two asleep is the on A bank near	A man is asleep on the ground near two bank machines.
on Punk rock walks look mean a face. with teenager his	Punk rock teenager walks with a mean look on his face.
carrying skateboard A a riding large bags. and young man	A young man riding a skateboard and carrying large bags.
People for the a pose snow in picture	People pose for a picture in the snow
a cushion. in black carrying A kid	A kid in black carrying a cushion.
girl striped blonde Orange the nose on biting kitten	Orange striped kitten biting blonde girl on the nose
motorcycle. riding racer motorcycle A a is black	A motorcycle racer is riding a black motorcycle.
a runs field. around A dog in	A dog runs around in a field.
dog A is running in field. a	A dog is running in a field.
in water. belongings their the people A boat with is and	A boat with people and their belongings is in the water.
running. with dog its is open A mouth	A dog with its mouth open is running.
in around room. spacious a moving Girls	Girls moving around in a spacious room.
in airplane A person sitting display. an	A person sitting in an airplane display.
riding a is cement to a on girl a on A skateboard next ledge fence.	A girl on a skateboard is riding on a cement ledge next to a fence.
park riding in a a woman bike A	A woman riding a bike in a park
black and herding The white the sheep. is dog	The black and white dog is herding the sheep.
high sand. the girl jumping off A of	A girl jumping high off of the sand.
pigtails bathing and her in suit crosses girl A young a arms.	A young girl in a bathing suit and pigtails crosses her arms.
edge. boy the with pool by armbands the in the wall is swimming spiderman at a	a boy with spiderman armbands is in the swimming pool by the wall at the edge.
on sits fake tail alligator. A boy of a little the	A little boy sits on the tail of a fake alligator.
child a Dark eating haired treat. frozen	Dark haired child eating a frozen treat.
moment have walk. The their couple a romantic on	The couple have a romantic moment on their walk.
stage. on look alike a who performing are Women	Women who look alike are performing on a stage.
on baby A boy sitting slide. small a	A small baby boy sitting on a slide.
life red vest as wearing waterskiis. a he A man waves	A man wearing a red life vest waves as he waterskiis.
feet. on handrail slides a skateboarder down his A	A skateboarder slides down a handrail on his feet.
at and out pull sit restaurant. down chair Man a about to	Man about to pull out chair and sit down at a restaurant.
Main on a for subway Crowd platform Street waiting train.	Crowd waiting on Main Street subway platform for a train.
stop in a A red a and ball. man to tries man with white	A man in white and red tries to stop a man with a ball.
two white and Guy while orange soccer in to in black guys score by trying in blocked being	Guy in white trying to score in soccer while being blocked by two guys in orange and black
in umbrella. woman A her black young smiles under blonde black	A young blonde woman in black smiles under her black umbrella.
standing, with in shirt the person is red a of top raised, A at a mountain. arms	A person in a red shirt is standing, with arms raised, at the top of a mountain.
a on boy swing. A	A boy on a swing.
in man through a kayaking A rapids river	A man kayaking through rapids in a river
in a pine into a structure brown front wooden leaping the dog forest. is a in of air	a brown dog is leaping into the air in front of a wooden structure in a pine forest.
girl whilst sitting holding A dangling the counter sink washer. the little is in foot dish on jet a one	A little girl is sitting on the counter dangling one foot in the sink whilst holding a dish jet washer.
out A is of her hair. water the girl shaking	A girl is shaking the water out of her hair.
on barefoot men tightrope. walking are The a	The men are walking barefoot on a tightrope.
through a bike a riding dirt path. A sideways person	A person riding a bike sideways through a dirt path.
in play the snow. dog Two	Two dog play in the snow.
the in large woman a street. stands	a large woman stands in the street.
young field sport. A men group playing of a	A group of young men playing a field sport.
children up. look Two	Two children look up.
black in dogs and a field white two running flowery	two black and white dogs running in a flowery field
boy a A grass. the in cuts flip	A boy cuts a flip in the grass.
hand. is wakeboarding boy one a A with on lake	A boy is wakeboarding on a lake with one hand.
standing in fluffy grass dog front dog. brown of a grey Large in	Large fluffy grey dog standing in grass in front of a brown dog.
men ball. soccer a Three for wrestle	Three men wrestle for a soccer ball.
plays at A the kid equipment the little on park.	A little kid plays on the equipment at the park.
black on is shore. dog water The the the in	The black dog is in the water on the shore.
airport. luggage at for their wait the People	People wait for their luggage at the airport.
area near grassy Little beside building. on girl rocks walking	Little girl walking on rocks near grassy area beside building.
with blue a hill Three on are playing dogs grassy sky.	Three dogs are playing on grassy hill with a blue sky.
a animal An field. in with horns jumping	An animal with horns jumping in a field.
cliff A high on woman a sitting	A woman sitting on a high cliff
man men kilts. sits wearing while shirtless in distance other A the are	A man sits while in the distance other men are shirtless wearing kilts.
is brown running. dog The	The brown dog is running.
wearing man guitar red his the on plays grass. a	a man wearing red plays his guitar on the grass.
a ride. playground A little girl sitting on	A little girl sitting on a playground ride.
a for and stairway boy a overlooking picture A in a a pose man waterfall.	A man and a boy pose for a picture in a stairway overlooking a waterfall.
two women a in man in thin gestures beret conversation. to A and mustache	A man in a beret and thin mustache gestures to two women in conversation.
boys an pool. Four jumping inground into	Four boys jumping into an inground pool.
a Two birthday the at dads take break party.	Two dads take a break at the birthday party.
street. on walking the Two teenage boys	Two teenage boys walking on the street.
the carry on objects Two men sand. long	Two men carry long objects on the sand.
a the blue bulldozer. A in scoop jeans of boy in stands	A boy in blue jeans stands in the scoop of a bulldozer.
fencing Many a are basketball people on court.	Many people are fencing on a basketball court.
grass dogs, tug-o-war black, the Two one one on tan and play pond. the near	Two dogs, one tan and one black, play tug-o-war on the grass near the pond.
hat a young wearing is sunglasses. A man brown and	A young man is wearing a brown hat and sunglasses.
down. jumping little is A and boy up	A little boy is jumping up and down.
while One on about laughs. other girl streamer, a to blow the	One girl about to blow on a streamer, while the other laughs.
cliff climbing A high man in air. the a is	A man is climbing a cliff high in the air.
at stands man top the A stadium staircase. a of	A man stands at the top of a stadium staircase.
The dog basketball. the leaped wet toward	The wet dog leaped toward the basketball.
after woman ocean. walks two A near the geese	A woman walks after two geese near the ocean.
an first injured responders Two carrying girl	Two first responders carrying an injured girl
lump dog catch A up of and to a snow. jumps tries	A dog jumps up and tries to catch a lump of snow.
man smiling a young wearing sunglasses dark	a young man wearing dark sunglasses smiling
grass. the A dog sniffs	A dog sniffs the grass.
woman her resting face on her hand. A	A woman resting her face on her hand.
coloring pictures girl Little indoors.	Little girl coloring pictures indoors.
crowded Man seated with woman, area. at table sunny, in older	Man with older woman, seated at table in sunny, crowded area.
ground children Two playing ice frozen outside. hockey are on	Two children are playing ice hockey on frozen ground outside.
walk women outside. Business	Business women walk outside.
A small at small a bird looks object. white	A small white bird looks at a small object.
up his him or is child children clothes holding green A while winter hand in other her or her. two at look	A child in green winter clothes is holding his or her hand up while two other children look at him or her.
her while head. makes girl behind a a boy A sign smiles V	A girl smiles while a boy makes a V sign behind her head.
on lake. by a walking dog small a a A leash boy	A small boy walking a dog on a leash by a lake.
across Rollerblades a man A at night. yellow pole	A man Rollerblades across a yellow pole at night.
and glasses smiling a leather wearing A man jacket.	A smiling man wearing glasses and a leather jacket.
patio. together a on standing are Two blond dogs	Two blond dogs are standing together on a patio.
grassy past marking an and stretched empty path a runs a between A strings, dog field. chair tripod, a through	A dog runs past an empty chair and a tripod, between stretched strings, marking a path through a grassy field.
cliff Man face. straining climb to	Man straining to climb cliff face.
off. diving Three with jumping on children one board,	Three children on diving board, with one jumping off.
and large is the playing in dirt dog grass. brown A	A large brown dog is playing in the dirt and grass.
sunset. the a sand A during playing beach child in	A child playing in the beach sand during a sunset.
Batman A as picture. dressed person for poses a	A person dressed as Batman poses for a picture.
tan black A a and wrestle. dog dog	A black dog and a tan dog wrestle.
on city wearing riding eastern are men a Five turbans elephants far street.	Five men wearing turbans are riding on elephants a far eastern city street.
cam. birthday celebrates family with a web A dad via his	A dad celebrates a birthday with his family via web cam.
holding foam a aiming A for ball. brown dog bat a	A brown dog holding a foam bat aiming for a ball.
man a the Dalmatians A group beach. walks on of	A man walks a group of Dalmatians on the beach.
hiker the mountain on A a is walking snow-covered road. up	A hiker is walking up the mountain on a snow-covered road.
a the blue climbing man ocean a overlooking wall rock huge	a man climbing a huge rock wall overlooking the blue ocean
in a and little in A a girl run toddler sailor suit sand. the boy	A toddler boy in a sailor suit and a little girl run in the sand.
a playing is dog brown stick. with The	The brown dog is playing with a stick.
While enjoying some water cooling on bridge off look the the by in in beach. barn, walk the and people the others are some	While some people look in the barn, others walk on the bridge and some are enjoying cooling off in the water by the beach.
and and can on Redbull giant Two a silver with a standing logo women car Redbull it. blue a beside	Two women standing beside a silver and blue car with a Redbull logo and a giant Redbull can on it.
woman with two laptop. children, A a a and cake,	A woman with two children, a cake, and a laptop.
a A man using point mountains. to his pole with pack green to snowcapped	A man with a green pack using his pole to point to snowcapped mountains.
her a girl holds plate. up little	a little girl holds up her plate.
little a with to surf an girl instructor. learns	a little girl learns to surf with an instructor.
the as behind in in little she walks leaves A sand. white boots her girl	A little girl in white leaves her boots behind as she walks in the sand.
person flying is snowboard as the the on wind picks some A a snow. up air through	A person is flying through the air on a snowboard as the wind picks up some snow.
females attire formal stand Six onlookers. as in	Six females in formal attire stand as onlookers.
a A a biker doing forest. in jump	A biker doing a jump in a forest.
water. the dog, out Wet brown jumping of	Wet brown dog, jumping out of the water.
two the smile The camera at in field of the asian yellow girls flowers.	The two asian girls smile at the camera in the field of yellow flowers.
a room. blond Two living fight in dogs	Two blond dogs fight in a living room.
stand a and at one female night. Four rail men near	Four men and one female stand near a rail at night.
court. A a in tennis on skirt a shirt black woman and white	A woman in a white shirt and black skirt on a tennis court.
a in snow childing fort. hiding A	A childing hiding in a snow fort.
arm. dog is biting padded man's a jumping A up, black	A black dog is jumping up, biting a man's padded arm.
water. shallow in girl and boy A walk	A boy and girl walk in shallow water.
playing in Football players mud.	Football players playing in mud.
laughs A in girl climbs something. crowd a and on	A girl in a crowd laughs and climbs on something.
up. one A runs in brown the with ear grass dog	A brown dog runs in the grass with one ear up.
a of Men ditch. safety pulling vests out vehicle orange in	Men in orange safety vests pulling vehicle out of a ditch.
to boy side the of A starts a people run. and look to group	A group of people look to the side and a boy starts to run.
people terrain. maneuvering Four a over rocky snowy,	Four people maneuvering over a snowy, rocky terrain.
a and grassy dog child across running lawn. a A	A child and a dog running across a grassy lawn.
midst and A child in laying of the toys blankets. stuffed	A child laying in the midst of stuffed toys and blankets.
runs the through tan brush. A dog	A tan dog runs through the brush.
the Women down walking street.	Women walking down the street.
the fight grass. Two on dogs	Two dogs fight on the grass.
The waters. man kayak rough in is through a paddling yellow	The man in a yellow kayak is paddling through rough waters.
bottle riding. out of while a is of drinking A bicyclist water	A bicyclist is drinking out of a bottle of water while riding.
A brown grass. on panting dog the walking	A panting brown dog walking on the grass.
the water a few adults Children playing are in and ground. a on fountain	Children and a few adults are playing in a water fountain on the ground.
a skirt ladder rusty fire on poses girl pink escape heels. and gloves, in A hot	A girl poses on a rusty fire escape ladder in hot pink gloves, skirt and heels.
A corndogs. wagon and young eating sit boy in a girl	A young boy and girl sit in a wagon eating corndogs.
dog romp and grass in a white brown A and dog the brown	A brown dog and a brown and white dog romp in the grass
A grass lake. sitting a in young girl near the	A young girl sitting in the grass near a lake.
the fighting grass. Two dogs white large in are	Two large white dogs are fighting in the grass.
catch jumping soccer Dog ball. a to	Dog jumping to catch a soccer ball.
dog runs a the across grass.	a dog runs across the grass.
A ball in brown a dog silhouette. catching	A brown dog catching a ball in silhouette.
Two the pose for couples a winter. picture in	Two couples pose for a picture in the winter.
fire Man red instrument yellow playing musical hydrant standing beside a and	Man playing musical instrument standing beside a yellow and red fire hydrant
swimming into pool. A diving woman is a	A woman is diving into a swimming pool.
The shirt. without watches lady the a man	The lady watches the man without a shirt.
pink field. running in through child a small a a flowery shirt	a small child in a pink shirt running through a flowery field.
jacket has girl pink and The on. pants dot a polka	The girl has pink pants and a polka dot jacket on.
Sound in The ties " of front Kildare stand two wearing bus. of " the men	The two men wearing ties stand in front of the " Sound of Kildare " bus.
young on men jump bridge. Two a	Two young men jump on a bridge.
a and coat is on man tent while pole pack ground, other are up. already set the a ski holding With a winter tents a wearing	With a pack and ski pole on the ground, a man wearing a winter coat is holding a tent while other tents are already set up.
pool on dog of a and A pool. the the edge swimming another dog in	A dog in a swimming pool and another dog on the edge of the pool.
girl A inflatable wall climbs over an water.	A girl climbs an inflatable wall over water.
curve. on a bicyclists turn Three	Three bicyclists turn on a curve.
in children instruments. a Six small with musical row	Six children in a row with small musical instruments.
A a skateboarder doing jump.	A skateboarder doing a jump.
jumping white water a ball. up out dog the is to of catch a	a white dog is jumping up out of the water to catch a ball.
a a young talks small woman a to A top in red girl. dog and	A woman in a red top and a small dog talks to a young girl.
A a black woman and wearing coats. man wool	A man and a woman wearing black wool coats.
A waterful boy while looks jumps small a on. another over kid	A kid jumps over a small waterful while another boy looks on.
snow. a through its white in A bottle the mouth carries dog	A white dog carries a bottle in its mouth through the snow.
Two are the blue in running grass. dogs collars with brown	Two brown dogs with blue collars are running in the grass.
in a standing in sunny on the spouts water People city day.	People standing in water spouts in the city on a sunny day.
and the A small yellow large grass. in a dog white dog	A large yellow dog and a small white dog in the grass.
by white a long Two boys window. haired are	Two long haired boys are by a white window.
A sweater shirt cellphone. and man green a at looks his in	A man in a green shirt and sweater looks at his cellphone.
game. injured an checking at football a man is A player out	A man is checking out an injured football player at a game.
ball. A a dog white carrying	A dog carrying a white ball.
a A German with is Shepherd red playing ball.	A German Shepherd is playing with a red ball.
Boy bicycle on midair in	Boy in midair on bicycle
child a A blond jumping sidewalk. on rope	A blond child jumping rope on a sidewalk.
playing A hockey. girls of group field	A group of girls playing field hockey.
walking a floor A is boy in covered on graffiti.	A boy is walking on a floor covered in graffiti.
is A jumping surf. the man into	A man is jumping into the surf.
on skateboarding kid handrail. A is a	A kid is skateboarding on a handrail.
something is carrying snow. its while walking dog through in the pink A mouth	A dog is carrying something pink in its mouth while walking through the snow.
standing fishing, other waders Young people are wearing on a the dock boy in background.	Young boy wearing waders standing on a dock fishing, other people are in the background.
one as to ball head. is and cones with about men hats to yellow caution get the hit wearing Two a	Two men wearing yellow caution cones as hats and one is about to get hit with a ball to the head.
a watch. over bike A a rides yellow man others ramp while	A man rides a yellow bike over a ramp while others watch.
is lady and The wave. riding surfing a	The lady is surfing and riding a wave.
kneeling behind while man A top the many is in people are step in sitting him chairs.	A man is kneeling in the top step while many people are behind him sitting in chairs.
Jumping a park bicycle a onto bench.	Jumping a bicycle onto a park bench.
a road. running paved down A dog	A dog running down a paved road.
their scarves Two watching with on people are red tennis. heads	Two people with red scarves on their heads are watching tennis.
slightly is on a rider circuit motorcycle a motocross airborne	a motorcycle rider is slightly airborne on a motocross circuit
at artwork. A look some couple	A couple look at some artwork.
dog the is A black through running white and grass.	A black and white dog is running through the grass.
of front an crowd act A on of a putting large in performer people.	A performer putting on an act in front of a large crowd of people.
near watch sporting girls Two sit event. wall a a and	Two girls sit near a wall and watch a sporting event.
men in air football with three	three men with football in air
Frisbee. to catch the leaps dog his A into air yellow large	A large yellow dog leaps into the air to catch his Frisbee.
man climbing. rock A	A man rock climbing.
in a air pulling rider the trick. bike dirt A off is	A dirt bike rider is in the air pulling off a trick.
Fan with NFL painted face white, and yellow. their blue,	NFL Fan with their face painted white, blue, and yellow.
A hit man to boy and fair are game. balls trying girl a in young with a	A young boy and girl are trying to hit a man with balls in a fair game.
river made a tree. fallen of a on crossing dog A a bridge	A dog crossing a river on a bridge made of a fallen tree.
jumping a Three children into pool.	Three children jumping into a pool.
the young The in plays tree. girl happily	The young girl happily plays in the tree.
young running boy a of distorted A image	A distorted image of a young boy running
is a and on a is lady small trampoline tossing A water sitting bottle.	A lady is sitting on a small trampoline and is tossing a water bottle.
crosses rope white and A a jeans wooded bridge a shirt woman wearing area. a in	A woman wearing a white shirt and jeans crosses a rope bridge in a wooded area.
in are with balls. Two pen colorful kids playing a	Two kids are in a pen playing with colorful balls.
person wearing grey the a camera. A jacket for poses and sunglasses	A person wearing a grey jacket and sunglasses poses for the camera.
Three grass. the dogs are playing in	Three dogs are playing in the grass.
water table, people Four with them. microphones sitting in are of bottles of and front at a	Four people are sitting at a table, with microphones and bottles of water in front of them.
a white woman leash. dog and on with A man walk a a	A man and a woman walk with a white dog on a leash.
girl green a peeks through the leaves.	a girl peeks through the green leaves.
woman wait man and a A a cross to street.	A man and a woman wait to cross a street.
table are large at drinks a enjoying outside brick a People building.	People are enjoying drinks at a table outside a large brick building.
with by flag in Texas the a man snow stands A tents.	A man with a Texas flag stands in the snow by tents.
The gotten dog something. a the of beach has hold on	The dog on the beach has gotten a hold of something.
boy pool. A is woman a in a holding swimming	A woman is holding a boy in a swimming pool.
covered children foam. young Three in are	Three young children are covered in foam.
one labeled machines, couple Sharp. a near people Three stand of	Three people stand near a couple of machines, one labeled Sharp.
box a in A handing man group. to a is another man	A man is handing a box to another man in a group.
into on puppy the on out humans rottweiler. the the leash with put their muzzle While checks his master side feet fountain, the the the large	While the humans put their feet into the fountain, the puppy on the side with his master checks out the muzzle leash on the large rottweiler.
The is scooter. her little girl riding red	The little girl is riding her red scooter.
in watches grass playing Boys man shirt ball on while green	Boys playing ball on grass while man in green shirt watches
group on sloping A rollerblading road. of a	A group of rollerblading on a sloping road.
asian toy. young boy enjoys A his	A young asian boy enjoys his toy.
lining outside stadium. people are A a of up crowd	A crowd of people are lining up outside a stadium.
while jumps A surfboard. man a riding a over wave	A man jumps over a wave while riding a surfboard.
blue A another is boy in blocking uniform. yellow uniform a boy football a a in carrying	A boy in a yellow uniform carrying a football is blocking another boy in a blue uniform.
snowy a brown play field. dogs Two in	Two brown dogs play in a snowy field.
street. tube waving is the the side top wearing of blue a with A blonde woman on hair	A woman with blonde hair wearing a blue tube top is waving on the side of the street.
coming striped in shirt Small slide. large down boy blue	Small boy in blue striped shirt coming down large slide.
a is on The girl outdoors. swing young	The young girl is on a swing outdoors.
in A little girls waist high sand	A little girls waist high in sand
a rock climber harness in wall. a climbing lone rock a huge	a lone rock climber in a harness climbing a huge rock wall.
snow on with the photographers a group sun in the A stands just the of hillside below horizon.	A group of photographers stands on a hillside in the snow with the sun just below the horizon.
holds A head their their by bike people. over group of a bicyclist	A bicyclist holds their bike over their head by a group of people.
an black earphones couple for a set of reaching large excited	an excited couple reaching for a large black set of earphones
stream. Jack Terrier Russell A a jumps into	A Jack Russell Terrier jumps into a stream.
in brown dog field. A a	A brown dog in a field.
near dog playing a and tennis flowers. white ball is with A black	A white and black dog is playing with a tennis ball near flowers.
street. all of ilks a busy People on	People of all ilks on a busy street.
near dogs through forest. a Sled snow trekking	Sled dogs trekking through snow near a forest.
a view. girl stands beautiful a front bikini top of in A in	A girl in a bikini top stands in front of a beautiful view.
woman An and older their sitting a on man frowns faces. on bench cement with	An older man and woman sitting on a cement bench with frowns on their faces.
dog a A a after ball in chasing field. is	A dog is chasing after a ball in a field.
cleaning the A of a large glass. man of pane inside	A man cleaning the inside of a large pane of glass.
rain in in A something carring street. the their walks shirt the child on	A child carring something in their shirt walks in the rain on the street.
another laptop, girl looking at A using boy and a cellphone. girl, his a	A girl using a laptop, another girl, and a boy looking at his cellphone.
the young across boy in tracks walks A snow.	A young boy walks across tracks in the snow.
A on mountains. each overlooking side is bushes on poles standing a person ledge rock with holding	A person holding poles is standing on a rock ledge with bushes on each side overlooking mountains.
lonely day. beautiful enjoys A a slopes skier the on	A lonely skier enjoys the slopes on a beautiful day.
wearing is shirt the the in purple The man shadows.	The man wearing the purple shirt is in the shadows.
bird long-necked flies with yellow legs water. over White,	White, long-necked bird with yellow legs flies over water.
up woman to his a onstage hand A man points holding	A woman onstage points to a man holding up his hand
ATV person orange in A empty a is field. large an riding	A person is riding an orange ATV in a large empty field.
people. of away man a looks to and at table sits A a crowd wooden	A man sits at a wooden table and looks away to a crowd of people.
boys Three building. unfinished an play in	Three boys play in an unfinished building.
is air. the A snowboarder in	A snowboarder is in the air.
dog jumping A pole. a	A dog jumping a pole.
jumps White jockey with barrier horse a	White horse with jockey jumps a barrier
by candles. girl rows of a A down kneels	A girl kneels down by a rows of candles.
american man african holds an soda. his	an african american man holds his soda.
A woman blowing. is young girl a popping bubbles is	A young girl is popping bubbles a woman is blowing.
to who falling biting man ground. a dog A the is	A dog biting a man who is falling to the ground.
snow-covered and through jumps runs ground. and forest dog the A	A dog jumps and runs through the forest and snow-covered ground.
snow. the in dogs little white Two are playing	Two little white dogs are playing in the snow.
dog. dog large playing with a tug-of-war A large is brown black	A large brown dog is playing tug-of-war with a large black dog.
a There jumping is blue a kid slide. off	There is a kid jumping off a blue slide.
ball. A racket at his swings tennis a man	A man swings his racket at a tennis ball.
smoking while paper A the a suit marble in building. to reads a next man blue	A man in a blue suit reads the paper while smoking next to a marble building.
in snow. and turkeys the Large stand deer	Large turkeys and deer stand in the snow.
up orange A in holds play shorts on man child equipment. a	A man in orange shorts holds a child up on play equipment.
while Two kick running a up hill. dogs dirt down	Two dogs kick up dirt while running down a hill.
A a a toy. white holding girl piglet jacket in little	A little girl in a white jacket holding a piglet toy.
A skate a hole skateboarding in is person	A person is skateboarding in a skate hole
A young is hill. girl walking grassy steep up a	A young girl is walking up a steep grassy hill.
swimsuit is in in of aqua aqua pool. the two The front piece the girl	The girl in the aqua two piece swimsuit is in front of the aqua pool.
harness man a rock climbing a in wall a	a man in a harness climbing a rock wall
A water. from up the kid comes	A kid comes up from the water.
woman at are the camera. the not camera A but smiling the a looking man and is woman for	A man and a woman are smiling for the camera but the woman is not looking at the camera.
behind. A toy car girl walks little her while brother rides a	A little girl rides a toy car while her brother walks behind.
dogs a two ball. at are and gnawing yellow blue	two dogs are gnawing at a blue and yellow ball.
surface shirt and on concrete a wearing a a black skates pants A near bench. brown man park	A man wearing a black shirt and brown pants skates on a concrete surface near a park bench.
and and are together woman The sitting man smiling.	The man and woman are sitting together and smiling.
black brown that dogs prarie and spotted with, are white	prarie dogs that are spotted with, brown black and white
snow. running Tan a the in with toy dog	Tan dog with a toy running in the snow.
into man metal circular woman and are a strapped a A ride.	A man and a woman are strapped into a circular metal ride.
and singing playing guitar onstage. A woman the acoustic	A woman singing and playing the acoustic guitar onstage.
in air the flies of through trees. snowboarder front A leafless	A snowboarder flies through the air in front of leafless trees.
A stares window. out man a	A man stares out a window.
in in Dog while mouth water. stick carries	Dog carries stick in mouth while in water.
lake youngsters in water group of A swim	A group of youngsters swim in lake water
a Two chip people potato walk truck. toward	Two people walk toward a potato chip truck.
flag wall. of in dancing that women on Three saris are hanging is front a wearing a	Three women wearing saris are dancing in front of a flag that is hanging on a wall.
dog seaweed his in wet mouth. A catches	A wet dog catches seaweed in his mouth.
men says Two that Jesus ". sign a or Hell discuss "	Two men discuss a sign that says " Jesus or Hell ".
wearing masks. crowd of surgical which of some are A people,	A crowd of people, some of which are wearing surgical masks.
full surfs a in a man wetsuit A crashing wave.	A man in a full wetsuit surfs a crashing wave.
horse cowboy hat in dirt rides a A trail. down person blue a a	A person in a blue cowboy hat rides a horse down a dirt trail.
dog runs Frisbee. after a A brown red	A brown dog runs after a red Frisbee.
a A over with a ramp jumping person bicycle	A person jumping with a bicycle over a ramp
in high the A and jumps air after black Frisbee. dog a purple brown	A brown and black dog jumps high in the air after a purple Frisbee.
field Asian a girl boy tulips. are an running of Asian and An through	An Asian boy and an Asian girl are running through a field of tulips.
teammate of teammate field. A off helps another the	A teammate helps another teammate off of the field.
A horse wierd pose is brown a while in outside. galloping	A brown horse is in a wierd pose while galloping outside.
down pink path. red gravel wearing coat walks girl and A a hat a	A girl wearing a pink coat and red hat walks down a gravel path.
black Large over is jumping smaller dog a brown dog.	Large brown dog is jumping over a smaller black dog.
of ramp. is bicycle A his man a off jumping	A man is jumping his bicycle off of a ramp.
catch grassy is plain playing on A dog the	A dog is playing catch on the grassy plain
mouth in with tennis A black lab and running the in its ball a Rotweiler snow. a	A Rotweiler with a tennis ball in its mouth and a black lab running in the snow.
boy from an A water spurting up in outdoors fountain. plays inground little	A little boy plays outdoors in water spurting up from an inground fountain.
eating A is a boy red Popsicle. little	A little boy is eating a red Popsicle.
and a brick against in curb shoes hat, on Person black jacket, pants sitting a background. concrete	Person in a black hat, jacket, pants and shoes sitting on concrete curb against a brick background.
are on a dogs beach. deserted running Some	Some dogs are running on a deserted beach.
feeding beside sitting A while its is two dog lips licking tray.	A dog is licking its lips while sitting beside two feeding tray.
air. A through flies the snowboarder	A snowboarder flies through the air.
football a is ball his running player the The of team leg as player the with grabs opposing	The football player is running with the ball as a player of the opposing team grabs his leg
class. Several an athletics participating are people in	Several people are participating in an athletics class.
Two basketball playing during are a men game.	Two men are playing during a basketball game.
through an mud. person drives ATV A	A person drives an ATV through mud.
which a little A held by are boy bubbles, blows woman young	A little boy blows bubbles, which are held by a young woman
The swung is her arms. being little girl around by	The little girl is being swung around by her arms.
a small with field, a mouth. dog in in toy its runs A	A small dog runs in a field, with a toy in its mouth.
in a competition. bicycle-cross is performing a stunt A cyclist	A cyclist is performing a stunt in a bicycle-cross competition.
blue some and dog black clear small paddles A water. in white	A small black and white dog paddles in some clear blue water.
on in branches. shirt tree A a walking red boy	A boy in a red shirt walking on tree branches.
Girl in t-shirt black on looks	Girl in black t-shirt looks on
a trick bicyclist grinds A handrail. down	A trick bicyclist grinds down a handrail.
outside and A for man, looking and waiting child something. stand serious woman,	A man, woman, and child stand outside looking serious and waiting for something.
dog grey a collar a beside matching with tractor. A standing	A grey dog with a matching collar standing beside a tractor.
Man fishing ocean. woman in and the	Man and woman fishing in the ocean.
liberty woman Two a taken their subway. get of picture statue in hats wearing	Two woman wearing statue of liberty hats get their picture taken in a subway.
A monkey an the bars child adult with playing on a playground present. at	A child playing on the monkey bars at a playground with an adult present.
little a baseball. at swinging girl A is	A little girl is swinging at a baseball.
at in outfits are a festival. dancing Four girls matching street	Four girls are dancing in matching outfits at a street festival.
fence. riding metal a A skateboard is alongside a teenager	A teenager is riding a skateboard alongside a metal fence.
hula girl some red hoops a with a in skirt	a girl in a red skirt with some hula hoops
play tall with with haired other roughly in grass each dogs white Two long snow.	Two white long haired dogs play roughly with each other in tall grass with snow.
a white red with Someone in a air. front motorcycle is a track uniform white and wheel red in and down driving the the	Someone in a red and white uniform is driving a red and white motorcycle down a track with the front wheel in the air.
a are front African of orange women yellow gathered in three curtain. costume in traditional	three African women in traditional orange costume are gathered in front of a yellow curtain.
A at standing night. ground the and people around group sitting of are on	A group of people are standing and sitting around on the ground at night.
brown dog is A the in diving a into snow. collar red	A brown dog in a red collar is diving into the snow.
fountain. toy a public girl with little a playing The in is	The little girl is playing with a toy in a public fountain.
runs black field. a a through dog	a black dog runs through a field.
standing the over are water a ledge on the water a meet Man and at sky rock blue horizon. of and body	Man standing on a rock ledge over a body of water the sky and water are blue and meet at the horizon.
guy on over flipped A upside a down bicycle.	A guy flipped over upside down on a bicycle.
a in couple computer screen. sitting front A of	A couple sitting in front of a computer screen.
jumps A boy girl watches. while pool a into a	A boy jumps into a pool while a girl watches.
snowy mountain a A on climber	A climber on a snowy mountain
is talking a A on blue cellphone banner. holding a man	A man talking on a cellphone is holding a blue banner.
of and sits near are a two while sidewalk boys makes group one the face. A smiling	A group of boys sits near the sidewalk and two are smiling while one makes a face.
midair. one Two captured on standing diving and of a top platform boys	Two boys standing on top of a diving platform and one captured midair.
runs a very ears with through dog brown field grass. A floppy of emerald	A brown dog with very floppy ears runs through a field of emerald grass.
ball with in bright mouth. a its the Black paddles water dog through	Black dog paddles through the water with a bright ball in its mouth.
man city. A the in dogs walks two	A man walks two dogs in the city.
laughing. skinned girls smiling young, are dark and Two	Two young, dark skinned girls are smiling and laughing.
couple large painting viewing hung A a on wall. red a	A couple viewing a large painting hung on a red wall.
Two through the dogs a running water with stick.	Two dogs running through the water with a stick.
A yellow in motorcycle. on person midair a	A person in midair on a yellow motorcycle.
the a dirt. watching car are speed race People thorugh	People are watching a race car speed thorugh the dirt.
of plushie retrieving toy clover. in white field brown and a white dog A a	A brown and white dog retrieving a white plushie toy in a field of clover.
chase toy. over a the dog white of his larger dogs A to leaps back small	A small white dogs leaps over the back of a larger dog to chase his toy.
over People snow. in the lean	People lean over in the snow.
and crowd are costumes. children of green wearing A some	A crowd of children and some are wearing green costumes.
horizon. is road a in a dirt A toward pointing backpack man the with and sitting	A man with a backpack is sitting in a dirt road and pointing toward the horizon.
A in a puddle. jumps small girl	A small girl jumps in a puddle.
climbs to a rocky A in stream. woman next bikini a rocks	A woman in a bikini climbs rocks next to a rocky stream.
wearing holding are brides white red roses dresses several	several brides wearing white dresses are holding red roses
racing jump. over muzzled and Four black a dogs white	Four muzzled black and white dogs racing over a jump.
girls steps. Two on the by doorway a sit	Two girls sit by a doorway on the steps.
people. large of crowd a	a large crowd of people.
pink-coated the A near in jumping a dog girl. air is brown	A brown dog is jumping in the air near a pink-coated girl.
watch in proof Two bullet crowd over some a by white vests tents. men	Two men in bullet proof vests watch over a crowd by some white tents.
coloring many of from container. with choice colors a young A a a in girl book colors	A young girl colors in a coloring book with a choice of many colors from a container.
the running A through dog woods.	A dog running through the woods.
near A standing decorated wall woman a writes.	A woman standing near a decorated wall writes.
The black in glasses a wearing is headdress. woman	The woman in glasses is wearing a black headdress.
one on bikini snow. walk hikers, wearing a Two	Two hikers, one wearing a bikini walk on snow.
a river. over looking people and across bridge wood rope are Three a	Three people are looking across a rope and wood bridge over a river.
dog in and of carrying long a black dog-shirt wood. A a piece white	A black and white dog in a dog-shirt carrying a long piece of wood.
car turn. it A rally up dirt as kicks makes a sharp	A rally car kicks up dirt as it makes a sharp turn.
in man a stands ladder. beside a hardhat A	A man in a hardhat stands beside a ladder.
in A man park talking and a are woman a	A man and a woman are talking in a park
lays and white his rests tree. a and to man next A cane hat haired down	A white haired man lays down his cane and hat and rests next to a tree.
fence. chain A small linked dog jumping tan is a over	A small tan dog is jumping over a chain linked fence.
a on distance. in at suits People beach bathing in a looking the landform are	People in bathing suits are on a beach looking at a landform in the distance.
people in in the stand of group snow mountain. A a	A group of people stand in the snow in a mountain.
near a of the edge big a smaller river. stiffing dog dog a	a big dog stiffing a smaller dog near the edge of a river.
snowboarder a jumping A after ramp. midair, in	A snowboarder in midair, after jumping a ramp.
stripped boy a running in a shirt dune. A down sand young	A young boy in a stripped shirt running down a sand dune.
a us, concerned backback facing a in girl away. looking facing Three people	Three people looking concerned facing us, a girl in a backback facing away.
shoulders. group on cyclists race their on bikes A of with uphill foot their	A group of cyclists race uphill on foot with their bikes on their shoulders.
under a A surfer riding wave.	A surfer riding under a wave.
of man stands off onstage fireworks with him. A a beside going	A man stands onstage with a fireworks going off beside of him.
the ground at subway camera tripod. a on A station, a asleep holding man	A man asleep on the ground at a subway station, holding a camera tripod.
him. an camera a ice man structure behind with and A	A man with a camera and an ice structure behind him.
two people group on A couch. of sit standing the while small	A small group of people standing while two sit on the couch.
films. shadowed over sunset Shadowed jumps camera at as photographer cyclist	Shadowed cyclist jumps over camera at sunset as shadowed photographer films.
man, a wearing a There shirt, grimacing. is yellow and	There is a man, wearing a yellow shirt, and grimacing.
while is water in A waterskiing. a leaving man wetsuit the	A man in a wetsuit is leaving the water while waterskiing.
in sunglasses. Two orange children	Two children in orange sunglasses.
person rides outfit a A a motorcycle through a blue dirt. in hill of	A person in a blue outfit rides a motorcycle through a hill of dirt.
and A men holding shirts of group in pants black hands green	A group of men in green shirts and black pants holding hands
woods. attempting to A overhang an climber is the above climb around	A climber is attempting to climb around an overhang above the woods.
warehouse. flight Skateboarder stairs a a jumping in dimly down of lit short	Skateboarder jumping down a short flight of stairs in a dimly lit warehouse.
teammates to past goal goalie. convert a soccer the Two attempt	Two teammates attempt to convert a soccer goal past the goalie.
films the on is cast A while video looking arm at something camera. with another man man an	A man with an arm cast films something on video while another man is looking at the camera.
and shirt blonde Three man hand. stand cap in of black cup a with beer Nike with to a a his women next	Three blonde women stand next to a man with a black Nike cap and shirt with a cup of beer in his hand.
foal An approaching a on plain. horse a adult sandy	An adult horse approaching a foal on a sandy plain.
brown the water dog A ball. a shakes yellow standing while near in	A brown dog shakes while standing in the water near a yellow ball.
a " A front says a wearing back with at shirt Gigolo area " that to desk man his is the standing camera.	A man wearing a shirt that says " Gigolo " is standing at a front desk area with his back to the camera.
with a a man picture giving posing kissing face. Three one for people	Three people posing for a picture with one man giving a kissing face.
little wall is outside. a on boy stone A posing	A little boy is posing on a stone wall outside.
yellow in the in falls kayak rapids. Man	Man in yellow kayak falls in the rapids.
brown a The rider blue shirt. horse is the of wearing	The rider of the brown horse is wearing a blue shirt.
in snow black Two dogs the	Two black dogs in the snow
blue black on a brown grassy collar field. and down a a near soccer with A ball	A brown and black down with a blue collar near a soccer ball on a grassy field.
a for police pose An jailbird attractive a and lady photo.	An attractive police lady and a jailbird pose for a photo.
water. rafts over the railing many looks below A the boats in a and boy at	A boy looks over a railing at the many boats and rafts below in the water.
with building oak marble a giant doors. of in soccer front Kids play	Kids play soccer in front of a marble building with giant oak doors.
presentation Two girls a doing	Two girls doing a presentation
jumping a front in dog dog tents at A up show. Frisbee a white is to catch of	A dog is jumping up to catch a Frisbee in front of white tents at a dog show.
plain person a A a sitting mountain down on a with with them. on behind stocking cap grassy is	A person with a stocking cap on is sitting down on a grassy plain with a mountain behind them.
group around kids of water. A play in	A group of kids play around in water.
A jumps ramp. bicycle off a rider	A bicycle rider jumps off a ramp.
A green on dog stick a carries long brown the grass.	A brown dog carries a long stick on the green grass.
park. a in white at jacket snowboarding woman A	A woman in white jacket snowboarding at a park.
climbing man a cliff. A	A man climbing a cliff.
in Two are people match. wrestling a	Two people are in a wrestling match.
grass. on dogs running Two	Two dogs running on grass.
rides large hat cowboy a in young horse. boy A a	A young boy in a cowboy hat rides a large horse.
in dogs Three swim water. the	Three dogs swim in the water.
A on pet a elephant. to an stands wall woman	A woman stands on a wall to pet an elephant.
A appears around kind and little of walk be man boys the of store. two some to what outside	A man and two little boys walk around the outside of what appears to be some kind of store.
beer pong. People play	People play beer pong.
man stands black to in robe. red a in a black next blue A a shirt man	A black man in a blue shirt stands next to a black man in a red robe.
public day. walking a on around are a people Young warm square	Young people are walking around a public square on a warm day.
is holding chasing kid football. who One another kid is a	One kid is chasing another kid who is holding a football.
anime in costumes. of people group cosplay A	A group of people in anime cosplay costumes.
pulling cart Man in street. a the	Man pulling a cart in the street.
wet street dog bike bag a on a with another crossing man and a A man in his	A man on a bike and another man with a dog in his bag crossing a wet street
A looks alert he dog in snow. as stands golden	A golden dog looks alert as he stands in snow.
colors. bright Five on dressed men ride in are elephants white that painted with	Five men dressed in white ride on elephants that are painted with bright colors.
cookies. little with A hair eating girl is blonde eyes blue and	A little girl with blonde hair and blue eyes is eating cookies.
near People boating are mountain. a	People are boating near a mountain.
over of nude mostly children group on some a water. bridge playing a	a group of mostly nude children playing on a bridge over some water.
and lounges up The the person in black tights grass. ripped wearing orange	The person wearing orange and black ripped up tights lounges in the grass.
words standing street. A front on Look " of " the in woman painted Right a	A woman standing in front of the words " Look Right " painted on a street.
is a front a with pigtails of sitting in girl There painting. rainbow	There is a girl with pigtails sitting in front of a rainbow painting.
flag carried. is A	A flag is carried.
playing the pool are in child splashing while children's children in background is a A other	A child is splashing in a children's pool while other children are playing in the background
wire hikers a Some bridge crossing wood and river. a are over	Some hikers are crossing a wood and wire bridge over a river.
are down dogs running Three hill. snow a covered	Three dogs are running down a snow covered hill.
with smiles. girl A makeup young jewelry and	A young girl with makeup and jewelry smiles.
boy a drink a is bottle. from a watching purple sweater a girl in	a girl in a purple sweater is watching a boy drink from a bottle.
a is white A overturned red dirt track. car and on	A red and white car is overturned on a dirt track.
a a staircase A over man skateboard, doing trick. a with jumps	A man jumps over a staircase with a skateboard, doing a trick.
a park. bike riding is in wearing the is and woman The a pink hat	The woman is wearing a pink hat and is riding a bike in the park.
and wearing on a boy head shorts The baseball little red and resting is t-shirt his bat. a white has	The little boy is wearing red shorts and a white t-shirt and has his head resting on a baseball bat.
and Frisbee. a with man play A dog a	A man and a dog play with a Frisbee.
the a fence to snow. Three in next blue dogs	Three dogs next to a blue fence in the snow.
child A toy a young colorful outside. plays with	A young child plays with a colorful toy outside.
a is A pavement. sitting brown cobbled on dog	A brown dog is sitting on a cobbled pavement.
young men dance Four onstage.	Four young men dance onstage.
of group is a in skateboarding front A of people. man	A man is skateboarding in front of a group of people.
the children at are The beach. playing rocky a in sand	The children are playing in the sand at a rocky beach.
black wearing all black a A and is smiling. hat man	A man wearing all black and a black hat is smiling.
the march Marching on dressed green and yellow field. in band	Marching band dressed in yellow and green march on the field.
group is of a with over people A crashing a wave. after raft turned	A raft with a group of people is turned over after a crashing wave.
at supplies child table with The art is and apples. sitting the	The child is sitting at the table with art supplies and apples.
reads on woman street. on covered newspaper a snow A	A woman reads on newspaper on a snow covered street.
A person throws a up baby in air. the	A person throws a baby up in the air.
hat in theater back the man has black to his sign. The a	The man in the black hat has his back to a theater sign.
lot. young jumpropes girl black through A parking a	A young black girl jumpropes through a parking lot.
puppy a the jumping puppy white of a black back on	a black puppy jumping on the back of a white puppy
baseball the at a base. Two with arguing oppsite boys of teams other sides each on	Two boys on oppsite sides of the baseball teams arguing with each other at a base.
a in child is A board on the waves. orange in boogie	A child in orange is on a boogie board in the waves.
little fun bungee is wearing jumping. girl having pink The	The little girl wearing pink is having fun bungee jumping.
in rope. girl A parking lot a jumping is	A girl is in a parking lot jumping rope.
A top girl in pink is a skateboard. a tank ledge sliding on a on	A girl in a pink tank top is sliding on a ledge on a skateboard.
chalkboard. have the their children six Five of own	Five of the six children have their own chalkboard.
swing on red set. yellow and a Children	Children on a red and yellow swing set.
swinging looking and hair flying. down girl is with A her	A girl is swinging and looking down with her hair flying.
dirt tree boys a walking lined Two down path. are	Two boys are walking down a tree lined dirt path.
white Sightseeing small, a London blue him. drives a bus A animal while man behind jacket in a walks	A man in a blue jacket walks a small, white animal while a London Sightseeing bus drives behind him.
while a others downhill Two curve round watch. skateboarders	Two downhill skateboarders round a curve while others watch.
the galloping is A dog beach. on	A dog is galloping on the beach.
field. catches Frisbee dog on black a a A and white grassy	A black and white dog catches a Frisbee on a grassy field.
one with Two other. snow the top tree, a the the of ground near in dogs play on on	Two dogs play in the snow on the ground near a tree, with one on top of the other.
sidewalk. walks boy young down A a	A young boy walks down a sidewalk.
on his is guy bicycle. A	A guy is on his bicycle.
dogs two play together.	two dogs play together.
Girl a playing feet. in bare with her puddle	Girl playing in a puddle with her bare feet.
at during christmas a toy looks A boy new	A boy looks at a new toy during christmas
play guns. toy with boys Three	Three boys play with toy guns.
ear is tree a touching in. while another A in girl man's a of leans man front	A girl is touching a man's ear in front of a tree while another man leans in.
area. fenced cow and Running dog in	Running dog and cow in fenced area.
sitting child on lap is who her table at feeding Woman sitting	Woman sitting at table feeding child who is sitting on her lap
green at night. boy little a A on sled	A little boy on a green sled at night.
person A is rock. a up climbing	A person is climbing up a rock.
teenager hooded neck. some a a is top grey her wearing and beads red around	a teenager is wearing a grey hooded top and some red beads around her neck.
grass hat across yellow a walking the A in long person is pole. a carrying	A person in a yellow hat is walking across the grass carrying a long pole.
red A Frisbee catches in grass. a dog white the	A white dog catches a red Frisbee in the grass.
plays powered boy an with air in rocket. his A bedroom	A boy plays in his bedroom with an air powered rocket.
man The the riding some mud. through just bike finished on	The man on the bike just finished riding through some mud.
on man dog. pads wearing a by A limbs his bitten is being	A man wearing pads on his limbs is being bitten by a dog.
dog Frisbee a is A its catching i mouth.	A dog is catching a Frisbee i its mouth.
in him. winter blue all behind covered a a holding dressed for snow small with snowshovel mini van red child A stands	A small child dressed all in blue for winter stands holding a red snowshovel with a snow covered mini van behind him.
are Two sidewalk. men down a rollerblading	Two men are rollerblading down a sidewalk.
people in game. a engaged are Young	Young people are engaged in a game.
riding of their group bicycles bikes. A large	A large group of bicycles riding their bikes.
of air up lit at hot balloons night. group A	A group of hot air balloons lit up at night.
in chasing punctured dog is snow. a black ball the A	A black dog is chasing a punctured ball in the snow.
red a a in A chip. baseball eats man cap	A man in a red baseball cap eats a chip.
a in water spout smiling a family congregate around A pasture.	A smiling family congregate around a water spout in a pasture.
through the dogs near The water. run the field	The dogs run through the field near the water.
glasses and blue men shirts, holding a white a in cap, Three a with one crowd. amongst book	Three men in white shirts, one with a blue cap, glasses and holding a book amongst a crowd.
with boy playing A orange little shorts toy. a in	A little boy in orange shorts playing with a toy.
pond. girl the at mud flings in boy barefoot young The the	The young boy flings mud at the barefoot girl in the pond.
wooden hiding painted building. a behind girl A inside structure a is	A girl is hiding behind a painted wooden structure inside a building.
men are under two and A wearing avrovulcan.com a standing sign. hats and glassess woman	A woman and two men wearing hats and glassess are standing under a avrovulcan.com sign.
man straw the is a hat in smoking The cigarette.	The man in the straw hat is smoking a cigarette.
black purple in shirt shirt man man a in a a A a making looking face. at silly	A man in a purple shirt looking at a man in a black shirt making a silly face.
on A to stick another is boat large a push a man boat away. using	A man on a boat is using a large stick to push another boat away.
wearing to woman blazer golf The talking is pink the the cap. wearing the man	The woman wearing the pink blazer is talking to the man wearing the golf cap.
brown biting other. are each dogs Two	Two brown dogs are biting each other.
the hockey all three field are ball. players chasing The	The three field hockey players are all chasing the ball.
young off line a A his pier casting boy fishing	A young boy casting his fishing line off a pier
sky. sits blue on baby big, A empty beach a an under	A baby sits on an empty beach under a big, blue sky.
woman looking photographs. is of at group A a	A woman is looking at a group of photographs.
A with plays boy shirt plaid a in string.	A boy in a plaid shirt plays with string.
creating Two they dogs a run in brown as are large splashes river.	Two brown dogs are creating large splashes as they run in a river.
snowy looks a over man in landscape. out black A	A man in black looks out over a snowy landscape.
A blue person and suspended sky. wires against is by poles a	A person is suspended by wires and poles against a blue sky.
to jumping below rocker in him. A another from spotters rock one shirt a man with two larger is red male	A man in a red shirt is jumping from one rock to another larger rocker with two male spotters below him.
person birds trying a to A Nat. in catch	A person trying to catch birds in a Nat.
A group young a bank in shorts past dark walks of lockers. of ladies haired	A group of dark haired young ladies in shorts walks past a bank of lockers.
with Mohawk surfer shorts board young boogie beach. on a a the at stands man and A style haircut	A young man with a Mohawk style haircut and surfer shorts stands on a boogie board at the beach.
over tree dog the fallen a forest. leaps A in	A dog leaps over a tree fallen in the forest.
large stands water. edge near of the with dog A smaller a dog the	A large dog stands with a smaller dog near the edge of the water.
Child shirt rope a swing. striped is from in a swinging	Child in a striped shirt is swinging from a rope swing.
white field. one grassy near each other Two run alongside brown, a one and dogs,	Two dogs, one white and one brown, run alongside each other near a grassy field.
white A jumping hurdle. and shaggy red dog over a and white is black	A black and white shaggy dog is jumping over a red and white hurdle.
a on a does A while watches. man a crowd motorcycle wheelie	A man does a wheelie on a motorcycle while a crowd watches.
include wear male pants. that white all members white Four of outfits skirts a band white over	Four male members of a band wear all white outfits that include white skirts over white pants.
across A a dog black low running field. white is and dog brown behind cut a	A black dog is running behind a brown and white dog across a low cut field.
a splashing dog swimming A pool. are in man and	A man and dog are splashing in a swimming pool.
British a with Girl large hat the with on it. flag	Girl with a large hat with the British flag on it.
with and green sweater smiling Woman sunglasses	Woman with green sweater and sunglasses smiling
scene. blue with a firetruck building with black on out A the fire on smoke pouring	A blue building on fire with black smoke pouring out with a firetruck on the scene.
goal. hockey person A a guarding	A person guarding a hockey goal.
is man by and behind video crowd. A camera camera surrounded his a hudge	A camera man is behind his video camera and surrounded by a hudge crowd.
ski. woman to snowy on a about hill A standing	A woman standing on a snowy hill about to ski.
jersey One is blue a holding football man a running in	One man in a blue jersey is running holding a football
ocean shepherd German running surf in	German shepherd running in ocean surf
red in man A a black a photograph a a is in taking jacket. outfit of man	A man in a black outfit is taking a photograph of a man in a red jacket.
a of a girl off raft. jumps	a girl jumps off of a raft.
tattoo. large revealing a black a top a woman tank fairy wearing	a woman wearing a black tank top revealing a large fairy tattoo.
Black of with fuzzy it. in front humans a dog foot	Black fuzzy dog with a humans foot in front of it.
as a ball. reaches hand basketball for her upward player A looks	A basketball player looks upward as a hand reaches for her ball.
field. wildebeast trips the in A	A wildebeast trips in the field.
A girl spinning up a at the around. over swing crouched park,	A girl crouched up over a swing at the park, spinning around.
a crowd. picture man takes A a in	A man takes a picture in a crowd.
light The in are tan color. mountain	The mountain are light tan in color.
sunglasses a car girl wearing sits a A hat. in and	A girl sits in a car wearing sunglasses and a hat.
around Two a track. race greyhounds	Two greyhounds race around a track.
column. sits cement on A man a	A man sits on a cement column.
by bike man surrounded trick A doing a jumping trees.	A man doing a jumping bike trick surrounded by trees.
wearing a woman other on people costume at A looks street. red standing a two	A woman wearing a red costume looks at two other people standing on a street.
toward runs through Dog trees camera	Dog runs through trees toward camera
while merry in little park A other ee a hold pushes kids round two a girl on. go	A little girl pushes a merry go round in a park while two other kids hold on. ee
brown dog air black to the on next dog bay. A a leaps a sandy into	A brown dog leaps into the air next to a black dog on a sandy bay.
parallel A is running with ocean dog waves. the	A dog is running parallel with the ocean waves.
under children a Four warm keeping blanket.	Four children keeping warm under a blanket.
A the pitch. cricket misses player	A cricket player misses the pitch.
young girl boy jumps while the is into deep A a swimming end of nearby. a young pool	A young girl jumps into the deep end of a swimming pool while a young boy is nearby.
on small grass. white short Two playing dogs	Two small white dogs playing on short grass.
red, with and field a big white blue on formation A people wearing	A formation on a big field with people wearing red, white and blue
jumps and a collie ball. catches tennis air in the Border	Border collie jumps in the air and catches a tennis ball.
dog yellow is jumping and A grass. black high over white	A black and white dog is jumping over high yellow grass.
swimsuit lies on water, girl Little camera. in in stomach smiles at	Little girl in swimsuit lies on stomach in water, smiles at camera.
leaps over the woods. log in a A dog	A dog leaps over a log in the woods.
Two makes while dog ball big jump play one with a	Two dog play with ball while one makes a big jump
wave surfer A the rides out.	A surfer rides the wave out.
player baseball A standing the mound. on	A baseball player standing on the mound.
two An booths. man telephone walks bag red with older shopping by a	An older man with a shopping bag walks by two red telephone booths.
pants white and black One man shirt red a tan man shirt shorts, golfing. in with in and	One man in red shirt and black pants with a man in white shirt and tan shorts, golfing.
sitting the is with where There down. the ponytail girl several are dogs field the in	There are several dogs in the field where the girl with the ponytail is sitting down.
near some tents. people A a of a red riding crowd large by man motorbike	A man riding a red motorbike near a large crowd of people by some tents.
fight men during The game. the	The men fight during the game.
through the a smoke plane diving of is creating A sky behind cloud it.	A plane is diving through the sky creating a cloud of smoke behind it.
trees A over bird white flying	A white bird flying over trees
making bent to man adjustments and bicycle over boy the on young a bicycle. a blue A	A young boy on a blue bicycle and a man bent over making adjustments to the bicycle.
exhaust with off fire out A is zooming pipe. its coming of car	A car is zooming off with fire coming out of its exhaust pipe.
hair with green dark woman sweater. is wearing a A	A woman with dark hair is wearing a green sweater.
hanging climbing white A with from is rock rock. man a equipment vertical,	A man with rock climbing equipment is hanging from a vertical, white rock.
and table outdoors at sits people. watches a man A	A man sits at a table outdoors and watches people.
Two on on snowy a road children play day. the	Two children play on the road on a snowy day.
on plain just a are one a gathering that of people used. the parachute grassy people Two	Two people on a grassy plain are gathering a parachute that one of the people just used.
in skier the red high in air. A is	A skier in red is high in the air.
with Two motorcycles. pose men their	Two men pose with their motorcycles.
and their elderly holds doge white An person cheek. kisses a	An elderly person holds a white doge and kisses their cheek.
long, plank dog A of on wood. stands of blue a top	A dog stands on top of a long, blue plank of wood.
in the Two water. racing men are	Two men are racing in the water.
a standing sidewalk. on yellow A in a woman coat is	A woman in a yellow coat is standing on a sidewalk.
soccer in game. Men play a	Men play in a soccer game.
an is artificial climbing The wall. climbing girl	The girl is climbing an artificial climbing wall.
leaves boy skateboard. a laying a to in pile Little next of	Little boy laying in a pile of leaves next to a skateboard.
overlooking low people of group standing on A clouds. a are ledge	A group of people are standing on a ledge overlooking low clouds.
his mouth is his blue in player with Soccer shirt. wiping	Soccer player in blue is wiping his mouth with his shirt.
jumping in of hills a dirt. over is blue A bike man jeans	A man in blue jeans is jumping a bike over hills of dirt.
boy is The wearing bubble. blue blowing a a shirt huge	The boy wearing a blue shirt is blowing a huge bubble.
athletes a playing game a basketball group of	a group of athletes playing a basketball game
of and a top man on skateboard barrel. A a	A man and a skateboard on top of a barrel.
people set to getting ready a boat on sail are	people are getting ready to set sail on a boat
brick off low A puppy wall. jumps a	A puppy jumps off a low brick wall.
Eleven onstage. girls and in stand pose white tutus	Eleven girls in white tutus stand and pose onstage.
on and players hockey referee Four ice. the a	Four hockey players and a referee on the ice.
in person with among visible the sky. A hoodoos hikes the distance in stars	A person in the distance hikes among hoodoos with stars visible in the sky.
up white throw. winds man A to wearing	A man wearing white winds up to throw.
riding gear matching A a motorbike. protective person in	A person in protective gear riding a matching motorbike.
water below. on jagged is A person standing above rocks the	A person is standing on jagged rocks above the water below.
black hockey in with player wearing collides A player and another blue. white	A hockey player in black and white collides with another player wearing blue.
man is bicycle A through the riding woods. his	A man is riding his bicycle through the woods.
purple A girl shirt a with red dress balloons. black in and water two young	A young girl in a red dress and black shirt with two purple water balloons.
water person with below. a climbing A cliffside rocky down	A person climbing down a rocky cliffside with water below.
game sunset A at soccer	A soccer game at sunset
jumping motorcyclist a on a ramp	a motorcyclist jumping on a ramp
boy One another hoists back. his on up boy	One boy hoists another boy up on his back.
football The gets ball. throw the to ready player	The football player gets ready to throw the ball.
two the woods. into are dogs running The	The two dogs are running into the woods.
they as stars A smoke at old cigarette. couple creepy young a man a	A creepy old man stars at a young couple as they smoke a cigarette.
a young wrestling play Three lot. laugh girls and	Three young girls play wrestling and laugh a lot.
man white black cap in A scarf. and and	A man in black and white cap and scarf.
Adults town. a children demonstrating in and	Adults and children demonstrating in a town.
building with six are walking columns. outside These people a	These six people are walking outside a building with columns.
Florida Three Marlins hats. wearing boys	Three boys wearing Florida Marlins hats.
all up toddler to go A getting a bundled slide. down ready	A toddler all bundled up getting ready to go down a slide.
in boy and dirt-covered uniforms down girls road. A school three walk blue a	A boy and three girls in blue school uniforms walk down a dirt-covered road.
are three game of playing a basketball men	three men are playing a game of basketball
through is Dog mouth. with of its piece a water wood in swimming	Dog is swimming through water with a piece of wood in its mouth.
leaps a guy air into in wooded the area. A	A guy leaps into the air in a wooded area.
A leaning back while is shirtless parasailing. man	A shirtless man is leaning back while parasailing.
on tricycle. a A person	A person on a tricycle.
snow ice. Two children and shovel melting	Two children shovel snow and melting ice.
walking a and girl boy An are Asian park. in	An Asian boy and girl are walking in a park.
high a air. man bicycle the young The trick is in performing	The young man is performing a bicycle trick high in the air.
with Groom posing bridesmaids.	Groom posing with bridesmaids.
dressed white jeans sit look a and the man of A woman in shirts into rocky and off a distance and terrain.	A man and a woman dressed in jeans and white shirts sit and look off into the distance of a rocky terrain.
A before girl the her. tree with boy laying kneeling a on	A girl laying on the tree with a boy kneeling before her.
suntanning Woman in pink is	Woman in pink is suntanning
shirt An red a holds aqua balloon. onto boy in an Asian	An Asian boy in a red shirt holds onto an aqua balloon.
leaving brown water. wet is A dog the	A wet brown dog is leaving the water.
a road stands A on cardboard sign a with man	A man stands with a cardboard sign on a road
riding a Boy shirt blue on toy. a in	Boy in a blue shirt riding on a toy.
hoodie kid A an wearing a brown ollie. doing	A kid wearing a brown hoodie doing an ollie.
a a dog. Frisbee throwing woman A red toward brown is	A woman is throwing a red Frisbee toward a brown dog.
on A pyramid ramp. bike on the air in after trick his young a a is boy turning	A young boy is in the air after turning a trick on his bike on a pyramid ramp.
game playing football Two a teams	Two football teams playing a game
yard. brown a A dog in muddy standing	A brown dog standing in a muddy yard.
and sitting The man the woman by boats. are	The man and woman are sitting by the boats.
ice of crowd people large skating. A	A large crowd of people ice skating.
camera. holding three a A in people a with man large other room	A man in a room with three other people holding a large camera.
pool. Black dog jumps in	Black dog jumps in pool.
near of water. grass run Two body through dogs a	Two dogs run through grass near a body of water.
ski. man one A on waterskiing is	A man is waterskiing on one ski.
taken picture Four have midair. in a young of while kids them	Four young kids have a picture taken of them while in midair.
truck. red a large man A in	A man in a large red truck.
water. over bird flying large A white	A large white bird flying over water.
walk while outside hands. Two holding people	Two people walk outside while holding hands.
backpack with on man river. log a fallen by a sits the A	A man with a backpack sits on a fallen log by the river.
a A basketball. boy with	A boy with a basketball.
walking track. with around Boy painted is face a a	Boy with a painted face is walking around a track.
behind with a A turning child him. crank benches	A child turning a crank with benches behind him.
at a night. group eight around are people of gathered table A	A group of eight people are gathered around a table at night.
looking dogs are Two person. a at up	Two dogs are looking up at a person.
beside the A young girl reflecting the it. dog her sun on with water walking	A young girl walking her dog beside the water with the sun reflecting on it.
book. reading A on and bench sitting man is a a	A man is sitting on a bench and reading a book.
down sliding snowbank. is a A young girl	A young girl is sliding down a snowbank.
out A lifted the of a girl is wearing harness water.	A girl wearing a harness is lifted out of the water.
smiling by in bouncer baby baby a toys. a surrounded is sitting white	a smiling baby is sitting in a white baby bouncer surrounded by toys.
wave. a in a from crashing top A runs boy away tank yellow	A boy in a yellow tank top runs away from a crashing wave.
on lying bone Big down. dog chews brown	Big brown dog chews on bone lying down.
a on shirt leash. walking in a small striped boy a A dog	A boy in a striped shirt walking a small dog on a leash.
the no a after man himself. lays wets A shoes he with on and hat, ground	A man with a hat, and no shoes lays on the ground after he wets himself.
children in playing are muddy Two deep water.	Two children are playing in deep muddy water.
stand Two boys surf. the in	Two boys stand in the surf.
and by sitting old an ornate whilst being an served a are by child at lady an African person. green food table	an old lady and a child are sitting at an ornate green table whilst being served by food by an African person.
of near of water. A body dog a shore the	A dog near the shore of a body of water.
in bicycle wooded on wearing a helmet boy area. a a A	A boy wearing a helmet on a bicycle in a wooded area.
small black investigates dog while nearby dog brown A a relaxes a doorway. large	A large black dog relaxes while a small brown dog investigates nearby a doorway.
in and girl front a fence a a of waterfall sitting on woman A	A woman and a girl sitting on a fence in front of a waterfall
floor. with Two a a sitting are plastic playpen blue toddlers in	Two toddlers are sitting in a plastic playpen with a blue floor.
a toy A with its dog mouth. in shaggy	A shaggy dog with a toy in its mouth.
skateboarding. A is wearing boy blue jeans	A boy wearing blue jeans is skateboarding.
talk and laugh. men Two	Two men talk and laugh.
a holds long it. man gray attached leash a with to A large dog	A man holds a long leash with a large gray dog attached to it.
skateboarding boy young A	A young boy skateboarding
into jumped brown and the air dog a Frisbee. caught A	A brown dog jumped into the air and caught a Frisbee.
wall. other chase Two stone each a on little puppies	Two little puppies chase each other on a stone wall.
doing snowboarder a on A ramp. handstand a	A snowboarder doing a handstand on a ramp.
above mountain from ocean. cliff a climber the A hangs	A mountain climber hangs from a cliff above the ocean.
A and people wave wetsuits through goggles. crashing a wearing of group	A wave crashing through a group of people wearing wetsuits and goggles.
A red a boy pants in pajama jumps couch. on	A boy in pajama pants jumps on a red couch.
red is through boy The little the pool floaties. wading arm with	The little boy is wading through the pool with red arm floaties.
A pool girl chat while side. the into heads at others the	A girl heads into the pool while others chat at the side.
a man unicycle wearing the A blue in rides a checkered street. shirt	A man wearing a blue checkered shirt rides a unicycle in the street.
woman Wet walking a water through waterfall. large near	Wet woman walking through water near a large waterfall.
A dog the running surf. in black	A black dog running in the surf.
a men on standing Three are of top mountain.	Three men are standing on top of a mountain.
the by ocean. is a red riding ramp A skateboarder on	A skateboarder is riding on a red ramp by the ocean.
bench sleeping under umbrella on Man for shade	Man on bench sleeping under umbrella for shade
shop for market. farmers of an group fruit A people urban at	A group of people shop for fruit at an urban farmers market.
of group shawls wearing walk yellow in A line. a men	A group of men wearing yellow shawls walk in a line.
a more fireplace blue ribbon dog sits in a A that wearing displays ribbons. front of	A dog wearing a blue ribbon sits in front of a fireplace that displays more ribbons.
are ladies talking. The	The ladies are talking.
dog in in the A runs fence background. the snow, a	A dog runs in the snow, a fence in the background.
to gathered watch people of group A fireworks.	A group of people gathered to watch fireworks.
women library. outside a stand Two	Two women stand outside a library.
rests bed. wrapped arm in bandage an A his ACE a in with boy	A boy with his arm wrapped in an ACE bandage rests in a bed.
wearing player jersey in a jumping jersey a red white a football one onto player	one football player in a red jersey jumping onto a player wearing a white jersey
a dress. wears A girl young purple	A young girl wears a purple dress.
with helmet little with a blue feet the his bike on handlebars. rides his boy A	A little boy with a blue helmet rides his bike with his feet on the handlebars.
her hers. is pushing bike, biker the second black-green, first is in Two riding	Two biker in black-green, first is pushing her bike, the second is riding hers.
cigarette. guitar smoking A and outside playing guy a a	A guy outside playing a guitar and smoking a cigarette.
a splash makes from A child emerges in chute. pool as he water the the	A child makes a splash in the pool as he emerges from the water chute.
is water green playing a dog with A in toy. black	A black dog is playing in water with a green toy.
white river. a a in raft yellow in steamy A rafter	A rafter in a yellow raft in a steamy white river.
play game. football Two a teams	Two football teams play a game.
water. dog in A the stick a fetching	A dog fetching a stick in the water.
sitting dressed umbrella. are There green 2 men stripes a in under	There are 2 men dressed in stripes sitting under a green umbrella.
and kiss path. stand along A woman they a man as gravel	A man and woman kiss as they stand along a gravel path.
his A bike. jump boy a on attempting	A boy attempting a jump on his bike.
smiling woman Asian holding her baby A	A smiling Asian woman holding her baby
forest. a sits yellow in A overlooking on ledge rock man a	A man in yellow sits on a rock ledge overlooking a forest.
jumping A a mountain. of man front in	A man jumping in front of a mountain.
through a walks dog A field.	A dog walks through a field.
others is through the man the running same. alongside doing water A	A man is running through the water alongside others doing the same.
lifting by is black watched black dog. box Black man	Black man lifting black box is watched by black dog.
a boy smiling teenage girl are red The flower. and under	The teenage boy and girl are smiling under a red flower.
a people waterfall. down a giant travel though with Two path woods going a	Two people travel down a path going though a woods with a giant waterfall.
man pulling leading a carriage. a A horse is shirtless that	A shirtless man leading a horse that is pulling a carriage.
home child the is and into is waiting. A plate sliding catcher	A child is sliding into home plate and the catcher is waiting.
background. foreground, in golf in two playing men the the Tree	Tree in the foreground, two men playing golf in the background.
camera jumping dog the towards a white	a white dog jumping towards the camera
huge the on wave. a Two ocean are surfing in men	Two men are surfing in the ocean on a huge wave.
climbs rocky wall. a man A	A man climbs a rocky wall.
to runs muddy water. dog A next	A muddy dog runs next to water.
in the his on hat boy body The balanced one black hand.	The boy in the black hat balanced his body on one hand.
are in street. walking Many a crowded people	Many people are walking in a crowded street.
playing is fallen outside in the leaves. child small The	The small child is playing outside in the fallen leaves.
The catch dog to mouth. in the its Frisbee leaps	The dog leaps to catch the Frisbee in its mouth.
bike woods. the A riding person in a	A person riding a bike in the woods.
girl in a pink hug. another girl A giving	A girl in pink giving another girl a hug.
baseball sliding tagged out A player into is second base.	A baseball player is tagged out sliding into second base.
ready The almost him. tennis hit that to at ball gets player is the	The tennis player gets ready to hit the ball that is almost at him.
in Two water. Shephard dogs play German big the	Two big German Shephard dogs play in the water.
hiker day. a climbs a mountain windy A on	A hiker climbs a mountain on a windy day.
a his in a man down black jeans red black rides and An shirt and railing. bicycle Asian	An Asian man in a black shirt and jeans rides his black and red bicycle down a railing.
are man and dancing. grown A a girl topless	A grown man and a topless girl are dancing.
a on ski lift. People	People on a ski lift.
brown blond girl and gymnastic a hanging by brunette ropes	a blond girl and brunette brown hanging by gymnastic ropes
a child three-wheeled A on scooter. young	A young child on a three-wheeled scooter.
in of group red of people A gather house. a front	A group of people gather in front of a red house.
wooded overlooking a skier The is area. downhill, aiming	The skier is aiming downhill, overlooking a wooded area.
A at playground. the plays boy	A boy plays at the playground.
and them. girls with Two people behind flowers playing	Two girls playing with people and flowers behind them.
the near deer woods. chases The dog a	The dog chases a deer near the woods.
girl people of another out. at group in girl smiles A hanging a	A girl smiles at another girl in a group of people hanging out.
girl, A held underwater swimming small blue baby being in by a a pool.	A baby being held by a small girl, swimming underwater in a blue pool.
wearing dog Greyhound number 8. Racing	Racing Greyhound dog wearing number 8.
is sunglasses laughing. A woman sunhat a in and wearing	A woman in a sunhat is wearing sunglasses and laughing.
is boxes. playing The young pretend boy with	The young boy is pretend playing with boxes.
are in pulled dogs the snow. Four snow together	Four snow dogs are pulled together in the snow.
union novelty jack hat. woman a with wearing sits A	A woman sits with wearing a union jack novelty hat.
lake. Two dogs white the drink from	Two white dogs drink from the lake.
an Little sliding slide. down orange girl playground	Little girl sliding down an orange playground slide.
green are each grass. chasing other on dogs Two	Two dogs are chasing each other on green grass.
driving motorcycle one The orange a wheel. on rider is	The orange rider is driving a motorcycle on one wheel.
on the dog is jumping furry The brown concrete.	The furry brown dog is jumping on the concrete.
A outside. a red shirt a boy on and a shirt in jumping a boy are trampoline in yellow	A boy in a red shirt and a boy in a yellow shirt are jumping on a trampoline outside.
equipment. some of onto smiling small while playground a boy closeup A holding	A closeup of a small boy smiling while holding onto some playground equipment.
A airborne. bicycle gets	A bicycle gets airborne.
dog. dog another jumping from A	A dog jumping from another dog.
hangs girl her upside A head little down.	A little girl hangs her head upside down.
water. A is under little girl the swimming crystal blue	A little girl is swimming under the crystal blue water.
skateboarder a down railing. A goes	A skateboarder goes down a railing.
in dog black small A midair.	A small black dog in midair.
women for Five posing a and dogs picture. three	Five women and three dogs posing for a picture.
through a A river blue canoeing person canoe. rapids in	A person canoeing through river rapids in a blue canoe.
are black jacket headscarf, walking people, Two with one along desert-like one blue a and area. a with a	Two people, one with a black jacket and one with a blue headscarf, are walking along a desert-like area.
a scarf in nearby outfit child with on a a tan and a plastic blue soft chair. plays A toys rug	A child in a blue scarf and a tan outfit plays with plastic toys on a rug nearby a soft chair.
A snow ramp. over snowboarder midair, in hovering a	A snowboarder in midair, hovering over a snow ramp.
man rocks. riding over bike helmet The a dirt waeribng is a	The man waeribng a helmet is riding a dirt bike over rocks.
in striped walking t-shirt Boy ledge. a along	Boy in striped t-shirt walking along a ledge.
a down hill. snowy A skis person	A person skis down a snowy hill.
unmanned Someone is near ocean in the rowboat. an swimming	Someone is swimming in the ocean near an unmanned rowboat.
A mouth. biscuit its a in dog catching	A dog catching a biscuit in its mouth.
cigarette. wearing A a man hat smokes straw a	A man wearing a straw hat smokes a cigarette.
a shorts black on A in man bicycle.	A man in shorts on a black bicycle.
plays A man tennis.	A man plays tennis.
woman a geyser. A pointing at	A woman pointing at a geyser.
jumping a over A little yellow girl is rope.	A little girl is jumping over a yellow rope.
large and dog a A interact field. small in grassy	A large and small dog interact in a grassy field.
white are brown a on sidewalk. Two and dogs standing	Two brown and white dogs are standing on a sidewalk.
Many are with table crowded over hanging game toy bears around it. a people	Many people are crowded around a game table with toy bears hanging over it.
hold near other each people Two a pond.	Two people hold each other near a pond.
brown with toy. A ears after the carpet dog a big brown across walks	A brown dog with big ears walks across the carpet after a brown toy.
A camouflage riding in man dressed a motorbike	A man dressed in camouflage riding a motorbike
up floating a the object climbs on water. woman A	A woman climbs up a floating object on the water.
where on looms of edge white background. wall striped in and a red the stand People a large the waterway with	People stand on the edge of a waterway striped with red and white where a large wall looms in the background.
another soccer in ball The gathering his the is runs up arms goal boy towards boy as him. in	The boy in goal is gathering up the soccer ball in his arms as another boy runs towards him.
3-wheeler 2 a wheels. driving on in Person	Person in a 3-wheeler driving on 2 wheels.
boy his the down on coming slide amusement knees. The is	The boy is coming down the amusement slide on his knees.
tattered a in with black a white and field. dog volleyball A brown plays	A black and white dog plays with a tattered volleyball in a brown field.
a children of group posing their , with certificates	a group of children posing with their certificates ,
dogs a through Two field. large bound	Two large dogs bound through a field.
black the greyhound stripes wearing lead 8 race yellow A number dog the and with and	A greyhound race with the lead dog wearing yellow and black stripes and the number 8
are grass. brown in A together tall the and black dog a dog	A brown dog and a black dog are together in the tall grass.
dog grayhound is A sprinting.	A grayhound dog is sprinting.
who woman unicycle next a a to a A walking child riding is dog. along path riverside is a	A child is riding a unicycle along a riverside path next to a woman who is walking a dog.
man is skislope. down a A snowboarding	A man is snowboarding down a skislope.
woman swing. golf a begins blue wearing A	A woman wearing blue begins a golf swing.
a A while catching dog brown its white is standing hind and legs. tennis ball on	A brown and white dog is catching a tennis ball while standing on its hind legs.
boy A the tongue boy Another sticks looks for out camera. on. little his	A little boy sticks his tongue out for the camera. Another boy looks on.
the running Three puppies brown in grass.	Three brown puppies running in the grass.
A a rail man skateboard. his on jumping	A man jumping a rail on his skateboard.
dressed in and A guy up costumes girl	A girl and guy dressed up in costumes
German runs large A though snow. deep shepherd	A large German shepherd runs though deep snow.
dog is running on lawn. the A	A dog is running on the lawn.
running Dalmation along beach. the	Dalmation running along the beach.
bowl of skate edge A at skateboarder the off park. a hanging a	A skateboarder hanging off the edge of a bowl at a skate park.
with chubby and plain camera the Mohawk at look. A looking a a boy staring with glasses	A chubby looking boy with a Mohawk and glasses staring at the camera with a plain look.
walk street. the set past with on tents Several people up lanterns	Several people walk past tents with lanterns set up on the street.
paws with A computer. its sits a laptop dog on	A dog sits with its paws on a laptop computer.
a a board is There jumping diving into pool. a kid off	There is a kid jumping off a diving board into a pool.
posing busy man A front on street. a in crowd a of	A man posing in front of a crowd on a busy street.
black A is his off water body. shaking dog	A black dog is shaking water off his body.
through woodland. mountain bike riding A is man a	A man is riding a mountain bike through woodland.
short, brick plants. potted furry floor dog on a front of stands group of in A a	A short, furry dog stands on a brick floor in front of a group of potted plants.
a store. A leaning woman to on doorway a	A woman leaning on a doorway to a store.
holding The all children ice walking woman her cones. with is cream	The woman is walking with her children all holding ice cream cones.
on hand. bucket a running a in is beach boy little the with his red	a little boy is running on the beach with a red bucket in his hand.
the a plays bagpipes. man	a man plays the bagpipes.
is something preoccupied. One the other while drinking lady is	One lady is drinking something while the other is preoccupied.
player in soccer tackled being player a green. A soccer in red by	A soccer player in red being tackled by a soccer player in green.
shaggy playing toy on blanket. dog a a small, with A	A small, shaggy dog playing with a toy on a blanket.
restaurant. sit a and man at table food A woman inside a fast	A man and woman sit at a table inside a fast food restaurant.
little them. on are green dog grass a dogs lying looks and Two the down on larger	Two little dogs are lying on the green grass and a larger dog looks down on them.
A a spraying man a sculpture. blue shirt is in sand	A man in a blue shirt is spraying a sand sculpture.
skateboarding Man stunt doing beard with	Man with beard doing skateboarding stunt
has musician people musical and is been on at drum is another few One musician a lifted musical a another standing playing the air instrument. by in concert the which	One musician is standing on a musical drum which has been lifted in the air by a few people at the concert and another musician is playing another musical instrument.
a outfit and is colorful checkered wearing The person	The person is wearing a colorful and checkered outfit
climber ascending mountain A a	A climber ascending a mountain
in his shirt Child in what's smiles hand. about blue	Child in blue shirt smiles about what's in his hand.
the out wearing wearing hat jockey yellow jockey a edges The blue.	The jockey wearing a yellow hat edges out the jockey wearing blue.
of waterfall. and in front daughter a mother pose A	A mother and daughter pose in front of a waterfall.
grass. across A bounds brown dog the	A dog bounds across the brown grass.
on young a The is skateboard. girl standing	The young girl is standing on a skateboard.
small over a jumping in dog a with is A toy pole. its mouth	A small dog with a toy in its mouth is jumping over a pole.
down skateboard steps. a on table the a man tricks as People does watch	People watch as a man does skateboard tricks down a table on the steps.
The rugby players field. play on a	The rugby players play on a field.
skiers in the of The are front lodge.	The skiers are in front of the lodge.
rough raft floating in a on Several waters. girls	Several girls on a raft floating in rough waters.
a women Three on standing street. city	Three women standing on a city street.
hockey. youth A playing	A youth playing hockey.
man plastic indoors. jug A up holding a is	A man is holding up a plastic jug indoors.
people a of giant a be front won. fair of booth where at teddy bears in can are crowd	a crowd of people are at a fair in front of booth where giant teddy bears can be won.
of holding large a The is sheet. people group	The group of people is holding a large sheet.
man and with shirt pointing. is the The red glasses and grey	The man with the red and grey shirt and glasses is pointing.
from the Both play retrieve the dogs water. toy	Both dogs retrieve the play toy from the water.
while surrounded couch baby children. by on man is sitting holding a A a	A man is sitting on a couch holding a baby while surrounded by children.
for drinks with each picture. a face other Two people smiling hands in their	Two smiling people with drinks in their hands face each other for a picture.
countryside in with protective a is cliffs. gear through A biker riding	A biker in protective gear is riding through a countryside with cliffs.
on dogs carpet in box. of a the are cardboard two front	two dogs are on the carpet in front of a cardboard box.
chasing woman a boy. a small small a ball after holding	a woman holding a small ball chasing after a small boy.
colorful tan dog flowers. of A walks through a field	A tan dog walks through a field of colorful flowers.
yelling are and woman the a of out A hair, a window limo. man, with rainbow	A man, with rainbow hair, and a woman are yelling out the window of a limo.
and are tug of war. man dog playing A a	A man and a dog are playing tug of war.
rides the A surfer waves.	A surfer rides the waves.
a man A climbing rock wall	A man climbing a rock wall
is under in A a trunks boy standing water bathing shower.	A boy in bathing trunks is standing under a water shower.
with white standing girl rabbit boy behind Smiling her shirt making ears with behind head.	Smiling girl with white shirt with boy standing behind making rabbit ears behind her head.
lone a on woamn blue hoodie wearing a sidewalk standing black jeans a and	a lone woamn wearing a black hoodie and blue jeans standing on a sidewalk
A on a down holding is line hill. boy and zip young riding a	A young boy is holding on and riding a zip line down a hill.
little boy little the to a baseball in A boy face base game. another points in of	A little boy points to the face of another little boy in base in a baseball game.
wearing jacket at samples seafood a A blonde lady tan a restaurant. a dish	A blonde lady wearing a tan jacket samples a seafood dish at a restaurant.
in marathon. a street a running down Man	Man running down a street in a marathon.
There are five standing the has next to and kids red gun. one the a other, in each	There are five kids standing next to each other, and the one in the red has a gun.
A and tuxedo woman wearing dress. in a a white a man	A man wearing a tuxedo and a woman in a white dress.
jumping ocean. the cliff A into is boy	A boy is cliff jumping into the ocean.
is A cob. piece of man the corn on eating a	A man is eating a piece of corn on the cob.
and A a on black trick skateboarder a yellow ramp. does striped	A skateboarder does a trick on a black and yellow striped ramp.
A girl climbs rock. a huge	A girl climbs a huge rock.
Seagulls against a as it. crashes wave rock abandon their	Seagulls abandon their rock as a wave crashes against it.
ball in tennis mouth. a has A dog its	A dog has a tennis ball in its mouth.
mud. run in racing dogs Two the	Two racing dogs run in the mud.
girl. the woman The a standing with in young is garden	The woman is standing in the garden with a young girl.
Four photographed. kids turn be around to	Four kids turn around to be photographed.
a man smiling. A necklace colored is wearing and rainbow	A man is wearing a rainbow colored necklace and smiling.
a surfboard. a shore walking on yellow A carrying guard is rash the young boy in	A young boy in a yellow rash guard is walking on the shore carrying a surfboard.
brown the through Two runs water. dogs	Two brown dogs runs through the water.
grass. towards through the dogs water brown running are Two	Two dogs are running towards the water through brown grass.
through water. white dog brown-spotted The walking shallow and is	The white and brown-spotted dog is walking through shallow water.
sky at looking up People at the something.	People looking up at the sky at something.
putting out a big Firefighters fire.	Firefighters putting out a big fire.
brush in A girl cup a the ground. painting is and a paint holding plastic	A girl is holding a paint brush in a plastic cup and painting the ground.
a bar. gathered people The are at	The people are gathered at a bar.
acrobatic doing A man an seashore. move on the	A man doing an acrobatic move on the seashore.
a man a tuxedo A toward woman dress. a jumps in wedding in	A man in a tuxedo jumps toward a woman in a wedding dress.
prances the grass. dog muddy A through	A muddy dog prances through the grass.
costumed sword a woman with does A a backbend.	A costumed woman with a sword does a backbend.
shorts his swim beach. the blue in A boy at	A boy in his blue swim shorts at the beach.
group a A throwing one a in jumping, people of desert ball.	A group of people in a desert jumping, one throwing a ball.
runs trees dog in A snow. the white pine by	A white dog runs by pine trees in the snow.
dog on is pulling black its The mouth. something with purple	The black dog is pulling on something purple with its mouth.
running with mouths. ball snow in dogs through Two the their are	Two dogs are running through the snow with ball in their mouths.
and falling in his is shorts green off shirt tan man young bicycle. A	A young man in tan shorts and green shirt is falling off his bicycle.
and 3 A a groom, women. bride, guys, 3	A bride, a groom, 3 guys, and 3 women.
in is running dog a The field.	The dog is running in a field.
side. ball A two black his a Corgis while at carries blue big run dog	A big black dog carries a blue ball while two Corgis run at his side.
black standing fountain. trunks in A is wearing a swimming boy	A boy wearing black swimming trunks is standing in a fountain.
of water girl A through that sprinklers shoot the ground. runs out	A girl runs through sprinklers that shoot water out of the ground.
a cats several kneeling ground the man by surrounded on	a man kneeling on the ground surrounded by several cats
stocking a cap. oriental wearing apron An yellow and girl a	An oriental girl wearing a yellow apron and a stocking cap.
swampy dog grass in Black running	Black dog running in swampy grass
A flying snowy snow tiretracks. near a with him hill child down coming around young	A young child coming down a snowy hill with snow flying around him near tiretracks.
her female swings black player racquet. top in purple skirt and tennis a A	A female tennis player in a purple top and black skirt swings her racquet.
child into the A air life a was something and red, white, jacket black bounced by wearing big and yellow.	A child wearing a white, red, and black life jacket was bounced into the air by something big and yellow.
is to standing on A a next rock six her bird babies.	A bird is standing on a rock next to her six babies.
two smile seated The towards camera. the girls	The two seated girls smile towards the camera.
A male his fist. tennis player pumps	A male tennis player pumps his fist.
holding of ice in cream. A cup black a woman	A woman in black holding a cup of ice cream.
dog slender A of land. checks snowy a patch out	A slender dog checks out a snowy patch of land.
shirt in green A something above blue. boy a	A boy in a green shirt above something blue.
on at soldiers civillians a and 2 a busstop sitting bench	soldiers 2 and civillians sitting on a bench at a busstop
posing for Four girls camera. young the	Four young girls posing for the camera.
pebbles white on along shore. Fluffy dog running the	Fluffy white dog running on pebbles along the shore.
a the doggy grass. in dry runs	a doggy runs in the dry grass.
tattoo This has of lady a an their helmeted on person arm. indian	This helmeted person has a tattoo of an indian lady on their arm.
that over is ends jumping a is the dog hurdle fire on tan A on	A tan dog is jumping over a hurdle that is on fire on the ends
a takes the at swing young boy the pinata.	the young boy takes a swing at the pinata.
attached a rides man A to a parachute. wakeboard	A man rides a wakeboard attached to a parachute.
in man large in wave. yellow is canoe the The a	The man in the yellow canoe is in a large wave.
the running down wearing court. while a player a white red and basketball jersey	a basketball player wearing a red and white jersey while running down the court.
in Children public waterspouts. playing	Children playing in public waterspouts.
player basketball A lay-up. a make about to is	A basketball player is about to make a lay-up.
a contest. men running Two in	Two men in a running contest.
a camera. holds a woman	a woman holds a camera.
prepares down A hill. biker go to a	A biker prepares to go down a hill.
cadet how leg. to right A is properly taught stretch his being	A cadet is being taught how to properly stretch his right leg.
of Two are with a light medium war sized tug cloth. brown playing dogs dish	Two medium sized light brown dogs are playing tug of war with a dish cloth.
through water. dog brown A splashing	A brown dog splashing through water.
jacket yellow is beside and man a hi-viz standing sign. a in orange	a man in a yellow hi-viz jacket is standing beside and orange sign.
holds a dog a its fluffy beach. in A on mouth stick	A fluffy dog holds a stick in its mouth on a beach.
in a child a red inside of play up A the climbs structure. tube	A child climbs up the inside of a red tube in a play structure.
blue dog down is yellow light and A ramp. walking brown a	A light brown dog is walking down a blue and yellow ramp.
turbulent rafting A white-water person in water.	A person white-water rafting in turbulent water.
red white a collar one dog and along tan large in run dogs beach. Two large a	Two large white dogs and one large tan dog in a red collar run along a beach.
swing a tire on snowy swing a children on Two day.	Two children swing on a tire swing on a snowy day.
is a the The his sitting computer. shirt is around wearing next neck who the man man working to in blue headphones at	The man in the blue shirt wearing headphones around his neck is sitting next to the man who is working at a computer.
poses in young highland. jumps rocks in man A midair between two as a he	A young man poses as he jumps in midair between two rocks in a highland.
from brown away his dog A running is owner.	A brown dog is running away from his owner.
white in The into the shirt jumped skateboarder air. the	The skateboarder in the white shirt jumped into the air.
group campus. through are the of A walking students	A group of students are walking through the campus.
curiously weave basket. the and dog looking at Big kitten black wooden	Big black dog and kitten curiously looking at the wooden weave basket.
a while a drink holds woman book. woman and A a a examine man	A woman holds a drink while a man and a woman examine a book.
A group each of other hugging women	A group of women hugging each other
standing of near rocks on top Man jagged the ocean.	Man standing on top of jagged rocks near the ocean.
Woman outfit. tennis in bright a orange playing	Woman playing tennis in a bright orange outfit.
A woman red outside wearing hat. doorway a sitting a	A woman sitting outside a doorway wearing a red hat.
swings on child swing park green in shoes the A near in woods. brown-haired a a	A brown-haired child in green shoes swings on a swing in a park near the woods.
a balloon shirt dolls. up man large and paper a A hat grassy wearing holds two	A man wearing a balloon hat and a grassy shirt holds up two large paper dolls.
ropes. using Climber formation on rock	Climber on rock formation using ropes.
woman posing Two and men together.	Two men and woman posing together.
lips dish. in food a A his dog with its room in no licking	A dog licking his lips in a room with no food in its dish.
The walking horse with man a draft is	The man is walking with a draft horse
net head on wearing man hair face and Young	Young man wearing hair net on head and face
into a drills ground. hole construction the A worker	A construction worker drills a hole into the ground.
with a plays noy young a dog.	a young noy plays with a dog.
wearing runs along black the boy A grass. sandals	A boy wearing black sandals runs along the grass.
in one two colored The is in field, jumping and a are tan air. dogs the	The two tan colored dogs are in a field, and one is jumping in the air.
man up. the a A set beach is a with with on tent canoe	A man with a canoe is on the beach with a tent set up.
face a man the of climbing A rock.	A man climbing the face of a rock.
sign advertising woman slice a 3 special. older under sits An a	An older woman sits under a sign advertising a 3 slice special.
the play for their Two food girls camera. with	Two girls play with their food for the camera.
is a mouth. ball its running brown a in water dog through carrying	a brown dog is running through water carrying a ball in its mouth.
eats little sits girl of in map an the world. a A of and apple front	A little girl eats an apple and sits in front of a map of the world.
plastic bag. a Two are over dogs fighting	Two dogs are fighting over a plastic bag.
slides jacket in a ice. the A red down boy	A boy in a red jacket slides down the ice.
A dances. white in girl	A girl in white dances.
across Labrador the bounds snow. black A	A black Labrador bounds across the snow.
holding water. and is with water sprayed child A laughing a gun getting	A laughing child is holding a water gun and getting sprayed with water.
to ball A up attached at a string. the looking is dog	A dog is looking up at a ball attached to the string.
hug. children two	two children hug.
woman dog down a walks A a path. wooden	A woman walks a dog down a wooden path.
t-shirt man a the a with at white rock. in stream sitting is The looking	The man with the white t-shirt is sitting in a stream looking at a rock.
brook. a stoney a brown dog jumping in	a brown dog jumping in a stoney brook.
station. toy in kids a gas Two a at car	Two kids in a toy car at a gas station.
little playing playgym. a yellow jersey A boy in a in	A little boy in a yellow jersey playing in a playgym.
of a game during A fetch. returning stick pitbull a is	A pitbull is returning a stick during a game of fetch.
skateboard boy is making a beside a on from bench a white jump wall. blue a	a boy on skateboard is making a jump from a blue bench beside a white wall.
a black sits boy an in on inflated A winter clothes by mound snow. sled of	A boy in black winter clothes sits on an inflated sled by a mound of snow.
other play. a where boy A children schoolyard stands overlooking	A boy stands overlooking a schoolyard where other children play.
and sportswear a in are grass brick Two jumping young building. men running the by on	Two young men in sportswear are running and jumping on the grass by a brick building.
city A street. in walks a green down girl	A girl in green walks down a city street.
another A neck. dog's bites dog	A dog bites another dog's neck.
blue a on wave. bright blue board a surfer The rides	The surfer rides a blue board on a bright blue wave.
girls little are a in playing water fountain. five	five little girls are playing in a water fountain.
girl a outside. A rope ladder on balances young	A young girl balances on a rope ladder outside.
towel. a hair is wet swimming by wrapped with a in toddler pool stands	a toddler is with wet hair stands by swimming pool wrapped in a towel.
big its the with toy black in a running grass A on poodle mouth.	A big black poodle running on the grass with a toy in its mouth.
dog runs deep the snow. A through	A dog runs through the deep snow.
horse brown of a person in prairie on tall front a mountains. in A	A person on a brown horse in a prairie in front of tall mountains.
an A outdoor man event. an at by rights sign stands animal	A man stands by an animal rights sign at an outdoor event.
child watch. A and squirted older people while with sit is water	A child is squirted with water while older people sit and watch.
break to dancing pavement. on the This black man appears be	This black man appears to be break dancing on the pavement.
in carrying beach woman Blond walks one shoes along with blue shorts hand.	Blond woman with blue shorts walks along beach carrying shoes in one hand.
snow. are in white a black standing and three dogs the dog	three black dogs and a white dog are standing in the snow.
there plant nearby. digging is a is hole This brown a dog while	This brown dog is digging a hole while there is a plant nearby.
brown snow. white dog in and playing the The is	The brown and white dog is playing in the snow.
under the tree Boys a soccer ball kicking grass in	Boys kicking soccer ball in the grass under a tree
grass. dogs with tall red play Two in the plastic a toy	Two dogs play with a red plastic toy in the tall grass.
stands beach with a on A a camera woman	A woman stands on a beach with a camera
hangs a on the girl bars.	a girl hangs on the bars.
a on play structure A red girl sits	A girl sits on a red play structure
room dog living a television laying a stuffed on a with the animal A in background. in	A dog in a living room laying on a stuffed animal with a television in the background.
an a bulldog haired sitting white tree a older There and is lady on stump.	There is an older white haired lady and a bulldog sitting on a tree stump.
Two in sweaters a field. play dogs wearing	Two dogs wearing sweaters play in a field.
Two a for by pose picture. bicyclists a stream	Two bicyclists pose by a stream for a picture.
the water. in dog rowboat on and Woman	Woman and dog in rowboat on the water.
The snowboarder height. a snow from jumping is covered	The snowboarder is jumping from a snow covered height.
on football. holding small running young sidewalk boy a a a	a young boy running on a sidewalk holding a small football.
running trees. Two toward dogs	Two dogs running toward trees.
another alongside dog tan A outside running is dog	A tan dog is running alongside another dog outside
a jumps air A toy on boy little gun.	A little boy jumps on a toy air gun.
the in snow. dogs Two play	Two dogs play in the snow.
lady A in behind her. red ski's people has gloves on four	A lady in red gloves on ski's has four people behind her.
large at sized dog A looking a brown black medium is dog.	A large brown dog is looking at a medium sized black dog.
cream the ice boardwalk. Family on enjoying	Family enjoying ice cream on the boardwalk.
a wearing in drink hand. A shirt his bike a riding with man green a	A man riding a bike wearing a green shirt with a drink in his hand.
tent a officers with white onlookers. Two stand jackets with orange outside	Two officers with orange jackets stand outside a white tent with onlookers.
dogs in beach. shallow water at Two run the the	Two dogs run in the shallow water at the beach.
girl and the stand haired haired boy grass. A on dark dark	A dark haired boy and dark haired girl stand on the grass.
where young by. a boys they touching swimming can see Two seal glass	Two young boys touching glass where they can see a seal swimming by.
bathing in jumping ocean. a young the in girl a striped suit	a young girl in a striped bathing suit jumping in the ocean.
off vehicles a road trail. A line riding of along	A line of off road vehicles riding along a trail.
winter A the through forest in running dog a time	A dog running through a forest in the winter time
a black suit wave. is A surfing along crashing a in man	A man in a black suit is surfing along a crashing wave.
harness. wearing and a with red ball is A yellow running dog a tennis	A dog is running with a yellow tennis ball and wearing a red harness.
darkly kissing. lit A woman of man and scene a	A darkly lit scene of a man and woman kissing.
the a running dog snow. with is A collar black red on	A black dog with a red collar is running on the snow.
face to rock a is person down rope. a attached A abseiling	A person is abseiling down a rock face attached to a rope.
print white leopard baby in holds woman clothing. a A in up	A woman in leopard print holds up a baby in white clothing.
of man a stands near shabby crates. full A carriage looking	A shabby looking man stands near a carriage full of crates.
bumpy track. a BMX Two around racing riders are	Two BMX riders are racing around a bumpy track.
people with three Dog in foreground background. in	Dog in foreground with three people in background.
one carrying blond A of a children, a poses front young in house. of rifle, group	A group of young blond children, one carrying a rifle, poses in front of a house.
white A red black dog dog a and front its toy a rope mouth, standing in building. of in with	A black dog with a red and white rope dog toy in its mouth, standing in front of a building.
beach. beige is A colored a sandy bird flying over and white	A white and beige colored bird is flying over a sandy beach.
rock man A is climbing.	A man is rock climbing.
large water. of bird takes flighht a the out white	a large white bird takes flighht out of the water.
shirt girl little are and treat. a man in sharing wearing orange his A a black	A man in a black shirt and his little girl wearing orange are sharing a treat.
dog jumping and pole white red, a and brown over white a yellow	a brown and white dog jumping over a red, yellow and white pole
through Two a running field. dogs	Two dogs running through a field.
dress. people, in faces standing Three formal obscured,	Three people, faces obscured, standing in formal dress.
a A water through in dog running its mouth ball with	A dog running through water with a ball in its mouth
shops in bananas an open-air market. for A woman	A woman shops for bananas in an open-air market.
dirt in walks A a shaggy a dog road winter. in on forest	A shaggy dog walks on a dirt road in a forest in winter.
with of front crossed. backpacker a A arms is mountain in walking	A backpacker is walking in front of a mountain with arms crossed.
walking a of group dress guys a by woman a staring wearing blue	a woman wearing a blue dress walking by a group of staring guys
The a dogs are playing two field. in white	The two white dogs are playing in a field.
white near a sits headscarf white woman A flowers. in	A woman in a white headscarf sits near white flowers.
in backpack. a and A man camouflage toolbox a cap and carrying backwards pants a	A man in camouflage pants and a backwards cap carrying a toolbox and a backpack.
teammate A kicking in and the other teammates his ball blue opponents red is and soccer while watch. to dressed in white dressed player	A soccer player dressed in blue and white is kicking the ball to his teammate while other teammates and opponents dressed in red watch.
kissing a a in crowd. A man woman	A man kissing a woman in a crowd.
sponsored along that turned. their motorcyclist A a riding recently is roadway has car	A motorcyclist is riding their sponsored car along a roadway that has recently turned.
fish. people at the orange stare	people stare at the orange fish.
towards long runs dirt. on white dog casting shadow and Brown camera,	Brown and white dog runs towards camera, casting long shadow on dirt.
about a to jump a catch Frisbee to dog	a dog about to jump to catch a Frisbee
Mohawk. has a The man	The man has a Mohawk.
her walking, is Three one cellphone checking girls	Three girls walking, one is checking her cellphone
the net. a for scrambling teenagers are underneath Some basketball	Some teenagers are scrambling for a basketball underneath the net.
A that t-shirt the counter a someone. talking man " Gigolo at " says to wearing stands	A man wearing a t-shirt that says " Gigolo " stands at the counter talking to someone.
in sand. two The boys are playing wet	The two boys are playing in wet sand.
large in surface Three and a players uniform in a ball of green front signage. on striped crowd stretch	Three ball players in uniform stretch on a striped green surface in front of a large crowd and signage.
a Two jackets rowboat. in life wear people	Two people wear life jackets in a rowboat.
city with view front Two teen mountains. of sitting girls window and in of	Two teen girls sitting in front of window with view of city and mountains.
the A dog white running across fluffy snow.	A fluffy white dog running across the snow.
path race. riding A a off of bicyclists group down an road in	A group of bicyclists riding down a path in an off road race.
buildings An the background. with field a athlete in pole vaults in	An athlete pole vaults in a field with buildings in the background.
gate. wooden Frisbee front a orange is A boy in an catching of	A boy is catching an orange Frisbee in front of a wooden gate.
hold laughing, and of 2 women glasses talking Three while wine.	Three women talking and laughing, while 2 hold glasses of wine.
brown on wearing the a blue grass dog jacket. sitting a is sports	a brown dog is sitting on the grass wearing a blue sports jacket.
children game. The indoor play an	The children play an indoor game.
people looking a street, one down. on person Two	Two people on a street, one person looking down.
A event. spectators enjoying group an of	A group of spectators enjoying an event.
domino a is hair a at and party. A in mask severe woman	A woman in a domino mask and severe hair is at a party.
bikes on go men over a hill. mountain Three sand	Three men on mountain bikes go over a sand hill.
a A guy on log.	A guy on a log.
Some are at an pictures at people art looking gallery.	Some people are looking at pictures at an art gallery.
A is a a vehicle damaged in carried scene. night-time repair truck by	A damaged vehicle is carried by a repair truck in a night-time scene.
playing dogs together Two are outside.	Two dogs are playing together outside.
on a a jump man skateboard doing A over concrete.	A man on a skateboard doing a jump over concrete.
on an cup Man escalator up while with looking riding	Man with cup looking up while riding on an escalator
climbs rock a A wall. shirtless man	A shirtless man climbs a rock wall.
jump at seaworld. a in pool Three Orca whales	Three Orca whales jump in a pool at seaworld.
sports jewels a hula pants her woman wearing is with purple on crowd. green in hooping a A face and bra	A woman with jewels on her face wearing a green sports bra and purple pants is hula hooping in a crowd.
a drives clothes in snow vehicle and snow. the a snow man A helmet wearing	A man wearing snow clothes and a helmet drives a snow vehicle in the snow.
a a A and girl pink bed. blue is jumping split little in in on landing straddle leotard a	A little girl in a pink leotard is jumping and landing in a straddle split on a blue bed.
a is through skating A young skating boy park.	A young boy is skating through a skating park.
in black a mouth. jumping fence bird a dead with dog his a wire	a black dog jumping a wire fence with a dead bird in his mouth.
to on a wall a holding rock man	a man holding on to a rock wall
a next railing skating stairs. A down on male to Rollerblades	A male on Rollerblades skating down a railing next to stairs.
martial doing arts. A in person costume	A person in costume doing martial arts.
with a A in the background. surfing man mountain	A man surfing with a mountain in the background.
steep climbs man A rocks.	A man climbs steep rocks.
A a cellphone. young her talks on hat blonde sunglasses and wearing woman	A young blonde woman wearing a hat and sunglasses talks on her cellphone.
that on skateboard places baby a on wooden brown the a is a coat on beach. a woman runway a in	a woman in a brown coat places a baby on a skateboard that is on a wooden runway on the beach.
man pass is waiting public in him. while A a area behind people	A man is waiting in a public area while people pass behind him.
dressed Two as small fairies. girls	Two small girls dressed as fairies.
coming red a of window person black a A in building. tan out of and is	A person in black is coming out of a window of a tan and red building.
at cup, A in of apples. a costume with child period basket table and a looking bowl, a	A child in period costume looking at a table with a bowl, cup, and a basket of apples.
a a at taking in trunks A boxer in trunks. black boxer white swing	A boxer in black trunks taking a swing at a boxer in white trunks.
in stand on Two India. smiling road girls a dirt	Two smiling girls stand on a dirt road in India.
running with backpack and bridge man crosses a by water. a a is There cap standing that moustache,	There is a man with a moustache, cap and backpack standing by a bridge that running crosses water.
A device. green scarf shirt green a a an dark-skinned at man with electronic in looking	A dark-skinned man in a green shirt with a green scarf looking at an electronic device.
girls is jumping A in sand. the	A girls is jumping in the sand.
windsurfs man a in A wetsuit.	A man windsurfs in a wetsuit.
outdoor game. getting an soaked playing boy Little water	Little boy getting soaked playing an outdoor water game.
the basketball has the man him. blue the tries the on the man left watches on while The to man stop right and in	The man in blue has the basketball while the man on the left watches and the man on the right tries to stop him.
a hat. blue in a in A skier man displaying pictures hat to is a next	A man in a hat is displaying pictures next to a skier in a blue hat.
his motorcycle rides red motorcyclist with the road. a blue down A helmet	A motorcyclist with a red helmet rides his blue motorcycle down the road.
is a midair a jump dirt person in on dirt a on A making track. bike	A person on a dirt bike is in midair making a jump on a dirt track.
is water. small swimming A in and black dog white	A small black and white dog is swimming in water.
yellow kayak person a with river banks. paddling through snowy A in a is	A person in a yellow kayak is paddling through a river with snowy banks.
A a basketball. dunks boy	A boy dunks a basketball.
man shirt blue wearing glasses. a A and	A man wearing a blue shirt and glasses.
in shirts. smiling men Three brightly-colored	Three smiling men in brightly-colored shirts.
Five in dressed hats. and black children cloaks	Five children dressed in black cloaks and hats.
surrounded toys. A a a in baby by standing and bouncy boy seat	A baby in a bouncy seat and a standing boy surrounded by toys.
hold wearing hands. dresses orange women Two	Two women wearing orange dresses hold hands.
on water a the boats out foggyday on	boats out on the water on a foggyday
front filmed is A small standing teacher of a class being while in	A teacher is standing in front of a small class while being filmed
homeless stands to with orange cones. next construction man A a sign	A homeless man stands with a sign next to orange construction cones.
dog between white a in holding toy dog a A and mouths. their black them	A white dog and a black dog holding a toy between them in their mouths.
on bearded turquoise peace sign dark haired wearing a shirt A with man yellow a it.	A dark haired bearded man wearing a turquoise shirt with a yellow peace sign on it.
child helmet a and shirt, frolics a A in up jeans, rolled striped in sprinklers.	A child in rolled up jeans, a striped shirt, and a helmet frolics in sprinklers.
the ocean girl into is running shore. from the The	The girl is running into the ocean from the shore.
German in the Shephard plays A snow.	A German Shephard plays in the snow.
bike motor a on throws during dirt A a up man event. cross	A man on a bike throws up dirt during a motor cross event.
with jacked man on riding red, A and a is motorcycle. on white a black,	A man with a red, black, and white jacked on is riding on a motorcycle.
in sit Two a floor view. the of length girls windows front floor on with	Two girls sit on the floor in front of floor length windows with a view.
the walking and a dog A are black snow. through person	A person and a black dog are walking through the snow.
area. in and boy girl grassy together little A Frisbee a play	A little girl and boy play Frisbee together in a grassy area.
clothing. A in of group African children	A group of children in African clothing.
The man park. with little in sitting is girl a the	The man is sitting with a little girl in the park.
an white hat and looks jacket in camera. off man orange A	A man in an orange jacket and white hat looks off camera.
four up red brick are path towards a children a building. running	four children are running up a path towards a red brick building.
with impersonator. The a Blues dances Brothers little girl	The little girl dances with a Blues Brothers impersonator.
playing Two guys horseshoe.	Two guys playing horseshoe.
in backpack girl young A brown a bespectacled a happy t-shirt white and	A happy bespectacled young white girl in a brown t-shirt and a backpack
together. run Two dogs brown	Two brown dogs run together.
dock while with woman playing water kneels him from Dog on leaps the	Dog leaps from water while woman kneels on the dock playing with him
touch to up woman's hand. a jumping A dog	A dog jumping up to touch a woman's hand.
a and dog a stump. woman A sit tree on	A woman and a dog sit on a tree stump.
cut with low takes shirt a picture in her cellphone. a A woman	A woman in a low cut shirt takes a picture with her cellphone.
air flies A park. skateboard in on guy a his bicycle through the	A guy flies through the air on his bicycle in a skateboard park.
outside with violin building. red, playing striped of Girl in tights,	Girl in red, with striped tights, playing violin outside of building.
near camels the woman A ocean. riding child and	A woman and child riding camels near the ocean.
through woman field shirt a blue runs of a in dry A grass.	A woman in a blue shirt runs through a field of dry grass.
Two a grass running the leads in along dogs a to pathway building. that	Two dogs running in the grass along a pathway that leads to a building.
man backpack outside large hiking with A a	A man with a large hiking backpack outside
A runs a brown curly mouth. dog across toy the lawn carrying in its	A curly brown dog runs across the lawn carrying a toy in its mouth.
white holding the a dress in of plaid dog. a collar woman A	A woman in a plaid dress holding the collar of a white dog.
blocks basketball looks dribbles player another him official on. and an while A the ball	A basketball player dribbles the ball while another blocks him and an official looks on.
white boy ball red a on field Young grassy and kicks a soccer	Young boy kicks a red and white soccer ball on a grassy field
down wearing bike A is white the riding a woman beanie a street.	A woman wearing a white beanie is riding a bike down the street.
ramp a skateboard up a rides a red wearing shirt a boy	a boy wearing a red shirt rides a skateboard up a ramp
computer Two men playing on a	Two men playing on a computer
Two a boys front of soda in machine.	Two boys in front of a soda machine.
kissing woman girl her sticking and out tongue Boy	Boy kissing woman and girl sticking out her tongue
a windows outside yacht the of cleaning two men	two men cleaning the outside windows of a yacht
the in sit group grass. cats A of	A group of cats sit in the grass.
bucking A a is cowboy horse gets kicked off that	A cowboy gets kicked off a horse that is bucking
orange and helmet bike and white black Person shirt with riding	Person with orange shirt and black and white helmet riding bike
the onto rock A grasps face. man	A man grasps onto the rock face.
does A motocross in the rider jump woods. a	A motocross rider does a jump in the woods.
are platform people while on people watching dancing checkered are a	people are dancing on a checkered platform while people are watching
grass. man tall backpack a in A a takes the rest with	A man with a backpack takes a rest in the tall grass.
a wall, a compound. ground, sit backs on outside the group gated A to people of	A group of people sit on the ground, backs to a wall, outside a gated compound.
camera and the woman smile wave to	woman smile and wave to the camera
of man covered stands A in snow front mountains.	A man stands in front of snow covered mountains.
a road. paved A dog and walk down woman man,	A man, woman and dog walk down a paved road.
with by dog. pet chased running being another toy Dog	Dog running with pet toy being chased by another dog.
A boy a tie down railing. a in is shirt riding skateboard dyed a	A boy in a tie dyed shirt is riding a skateboard down a railing.
climbing climber rock practices on wall. rock a A	A rock climber practices on a rock climbing wall.
paddles river. woman A boat down a a	A woman paddles a boat down a river.
pipe. a tricks does half rollerskater on A	A rollerskater does tricks on a half pipe.
posters. a sitting Two women young on are some beside bed	Two young women are sitting on a bed beside some posters.
shirts group red A in woman of singing. are	A group of woman in red shirts are singing.
her The are married bride's on woman beautiful while has wearing a getting red maids dresses. gown	The woman getting married has a beautiful gown on while her bride's maids are wearing red dresses.
yard a man pavement A is work above tool in some just using steps. jeans	A man in jeans is using a yard work tool just above some pavement steps.
is laughing. Someone is baby holding a that naked	Someone is holding a naked baby that is laughing.
dogs in snow. Two the	Two dogs in the snow.
people. rink outdoor skating full of ice An	An outdoor ice skating rink full of people.
women the standing an in smile camera their and unfinished greenhouse. Two hands with a man rakes in at	Two women and a man smile at the camera with rakes in their hands standing in an unfinished greenhouse.
wearing riding a on helmet a black a woman bike	a woman wearing a black helmet riding on a bike
flags. stand together papers of holding A people group and	A group of people stand together holding papers and flags.
ocean. surfboarding standing the and in People	People surfboarding and standing in the ocean.
on climbing art. children Two top of	Two children climbing on top of art.
person in ice. of A vast a glacial field stands	A person stands in a vast field of glacial ice.
is trophy. in silver yellow a man A a cap up holding	A man in a yellow cap is holding up a silver trophy.
swinging. red haired boy smiles while little A	A red haired little boy smiles while swinging.
on food. brown is of a eating A person resting the who head some his lap dog	A brown dog resting his head on the lap of a person who is eating some food.
people a of in of riding group the A truck. are back	A group of people are riding in the back of a truck.
Man in a jeans with background. shirt boards lying and blue fishing in the on some man	Man in blue shirt and jeans lying on some boards with a man fishing in the background.
girls corn. sitting on Two are street eating the young	Two young girls are sitting on the street eating corn.
leaves. a ball blue dry at a shiny jumps field A of soccer in dog	A dog jumps at a shiny blue soccer ball in a field of dry leaves.
of runners a injured out an group runner A of carry race.	A group of runners carry an injured runner out of a race.
in dogs the snow. black Two jump	Two black dogs jump in the snow.
everyone white. pose wearing Two two guys women, is black with and	Two guys pose with two women, everyone is wearing black and white.
hikes and rock A black a face. blue with down a backpack man	A man with a black and blue backpack hikes down a rock face.
a blue A goal. runs towards soccer front ball in young of boy a	A young boy runs towards a blue soccer ball in front of a goal.
natural in jumping white A water. dog is	A white dog is jumping in natural water.
playground. swing pushes child in on a One another a	One child pushes another on a swing in a playground.
The sharp the bike turn. on is taking a guy BMX	The guy on the BMX bike is taking a sharp turn.
fight dogs Two field. in a black	Two black dogs fight in a field.
of a standing men a are Two white building. in path front on	Two men are standing on a path in front of a white building.
the Three overlooking on cliff top scouts ocean. a of are	Three scouts are on top of a cliff overlooking the ocean.
bench boy is by The the fence. the on skateboarding	The boy is skateboarding on the bench by the fence.
A train. man a sits in window the of	A man sits in the window of a train.
dressed girl. halloween with the exception children group in A of of stand one line for	A group of children dressed for halloween stand in line with the exception of one girl.
men performance. street wearing do green t-shirts Three a	Three men wearing green t-shirts do a street performance.
in water shore fishing on boat Men standing with and pole	Men standing on shore with fishing pole and boat in water
The in running quickly are this race. greyhounds	The greyhounds are running quickly in this race.
electric girl her the bed. on guitar young A plays	A young girl plays the electric guitar on her bed.
a boy young dancing at enthusiastically. A party,	A young boy at a party, dancing enthusiastically.
a in shirt bed. in a child blur A playing flower	A child in a blur shirt playing in a flower bed.
puddle covered in A gets small mud. and mud with sits boy a	A small boy sits in a mud puddle and gets covered with mud.
child and park. playing her a A in ball mother are	A child and her mother are playing ball in a park.
speed. young high slide a at A shoots from blonde child	A young blonde child shoots from a slide at high speed.
stick jumping he a Ont holding A boy street.	A boy holding a stick jumping Ont he street.
A snow. skiing sits a the device kid in on	A kid sits on a skiing device in the snow.
group stage. a are on performance of for lined a A up children	A group of children are lined up for a performance on a stage.
a a tropical ball yard location. a and black through blue white A the dog house of is in carrying	A black and white dog is carrying a blue ball through the yard of a house in a tropical location.
man white large wearing hat. a A	A large man wearing a white hat.
snow. running is A black dog through the	A black dog is running through the snow.
sumo match. in wrestlers a Two competing	Two sumo wrestlers competing in a match.
looks A man white left his in to a jacket	A white man in a jacket looks to his left
blue and brown A waiting yellow toy. dog catch a has to its open mouth	A brown dog has its mouth open waiting to catch a blue and yellow toy.
Many people arms crowd. lifted in have a	Many people have arms lifted in a crowd.
against Water up something. splashing	Water splashing up against something.
fence. ball grass in mouth white is in on front running of a with its brown dog a A and	A brown and white dog is running with a ball in its mouth on grass in front of a fence.
A the jacket a muzzle around blue dog with and runs yard.	A dog with a muzzle and blue jacket runs around the yard.
purple a eyes with closed. man in A standing is shirt his	A man in a purple shirt is standing with his eyes closed.
woman beach. A fishing the man at and	A man and woman fishing at the beach.
large no A with gear, horse rider. but	A large horse with gear, but no rider.
green its wearing A holds and onto baby in mouth. them plants puts	A baby wearing green holds onto plants and puts them in its mouth.
on and trunks wakeboard. red blue and Boy vest white in	Boy in red vest and blue and white trunks on wakeboard.
is rock. off mountain A lion leaping of a	A mountain lion is leaping off of a rock.
a her catches wave girl surfboard. on The pink	The girl catches a wave on her pink surfboard.
ball a kick around boys a Two meadow. in	Two boys kick around a ball in a meadow.
big people A of city. sidewalk down group a of walking the are	A group of people are walking down the sidewalk of a big city.
player it. sliding catcher with home guarding plate the is into A	A player is sliding into home plate with the catcher guarding it.
looking is child Claus. Santa at The	The child is looking at Santa Claus.
clothes winter outside. in plays A baby	A baby in winter clothes plays outside.
Two girls coats up in a winter picture. pose bundled for	Two girls bundled up in winter coats pose for a picture.
cap wrapped flag with and his him a on red on street green yellow and standing a a head. around Man	Man standing on a street with a green red and yellow flag wrapped around him and a cap on his head.
A little in tire boy a is	A little boy is in a tire
and as blue carries he clergy hand the talks walks. phone bag his on a of in member A the	A member of the clergy carries a blue bag in his hand and talks on the phone as he walks.
A blue dog dog lying bed. cloth a on	A dog lying on a blue cloth dog bed.
cloudy an people on market a outdoor at Several farmer's shop day.	Several people shop at an outdoor farmer's market on a cloudy day.
a mountain snow of background. across A person a field with the in	A person across a field of snow with a mountain in the background.
Two stares while another dressed up man street walk the along men them. at	Two men dressed up walk along the street while another man stares at them.
belongings. sitting group collects tents people A front one in of while are of	A group of people are sitting in front of tents while one collects belongings.
hat flag girl on a a wearing british sitting the concrete decorated	a girl wearing a british flag decorated hat sitting on the concrete
A in midair. a skateboarder trick does	A skateboarder does a trick in midair.
woman to to throw stick a A dog. prepares leaping a	A woman prepares to throw a stick to a leaping dog.
teeter The plays totter. young the on girl redheaded	The young redheaded girl plays on the teeter totter.
the playing in soccer Eight grass. boys	Eight boys playing soccer in the grass.
black dog through obstacle and course running A an white	A black and white dog running through an obstacle course
its A on road. smoking a wet by is car sponsored Riwal tires	A car sponsored by Riwal is smoking its tires on a wet road.
ledge. a watch Two from TV over people white	Two people watch TV from over a white ledge.
in pink girl picks A flowers.	A girl in pink picks flowers.
boys wall. his The up the rides skateboard	The boys rides his skateboard up the wall.
the running snow. through A dog	A dog running through the snow.
unusual rides bike on city Man in sidewalk. punkish outfit	Man in punkish outfit rides unusual bike on city sidewalk.
a near gravel a young road girl pond. on jumping A is	A young girl is jumping on a gravel road near a pond.
by old guy walks park. homeless the One	One old homeless guy walks by the park.
A sand. in girl jumping	A girl jumping in sand.
mouth. holding in tan his a a dog stick	a tan dog holding a stick in his mouth.
dog runs the water. through black a	a black dog runs through the water.
on sidewalk of man street. a woman stand the A busy and	A man and woman stand on the sidewalk of a busy street.
puddle drives A minivan on deep of a through the water road.	A minivan drives through a deep puddle of water on the road.
dancing red a gold parade wearing girl in clothes. bright A and small	A small girl dancing in a parade wearing bright red and gold clothes.
stand in a two boy while in is kicking game behind ball soccer others a a green A him. uniform	A boy in a green uniform is kicking a soccer ball in a game while two others stand behind him.
Frisbee. catching Dog	Dog catching Frisbee.
people in an structure. Three stand glass outdoor	Three people stand in an outdoor glass structure.
with boy rock on little green running is shirt a a ledge. A	A little boy with a green shirt is running on a rock ledge.
waving large of up children are A cloth and group down. a	A group of children are waving a large cloth up and down.
man A sleeping on bench. sheltered public a	A man sleeping on a sheltered public bench.
wearing a A sits yellow black. against wall man all	A man sits against a yellow wall wearing all black.
drums. Several uniforms lined carrying black up in yellow are and people	Several people in yellow and black uniforms are lined up carrying drums.
truck young drives toy boy behind while her girl A a a plays	A girl drives a toy truck while a young boy plays behind her
water. wooded in kids near area the play the The	The kids play in the wooded area near the water.
sign dog square. leash a A about a the of stands with brick holding a in man god red	A man with a sign about god stands holding the leash of a dog in a red brick square.
a football during the in A a folding mud game football player	A football player folding a football during a game in the mud
howling. dogs Snow	Snow dogs howling.
water. girl around A in natural splashes lit	A lit girl splashes around in natural water.
a to a ladder. standing helmet is white person in next A	A person in a white helmet is standing next to a ladder.
A boy a drums. in plays headband	A boy in a headband plays drums.
brown running and setting. a like grassy A is dog park white in	A brown and white dog is running in a grassy park like setting.
mouths. by white something both side holding in dogs Two identical brown their side	Two identical brown dogs side by side holding something white in both their mouths.
is on tracksuit a students court. black exercised asian man in doing basketball an watching	an asian man in a black tracksuit is watching students doing exercised on basketball court.
two dogs grass through running the white	two white dogs running through the grass
A a dog under sheet.	A dog under a sheet.
flops. A little white pink wears dress flip and girl a	A little girl wears a white dress and pink flip flops.
dog is its large tan grass. a back rolling around yard in A on of	A large tan dog is rolling around on its back in a yard of grass.
beside his the sand person ocean. bicycle the A in rides	A person rides his bicycle in the sand beside the ocean.
three running the on Black dog with shore waves in behind background. birds	Black dog running behind three birds on shore with waves in the background.
on laps girl in tights little lays stripped girl boy. A a the little of and	A little girl in stripped tights lays on the laps of a little girl and boy.
child Lady her carrying in river. the	Lady carrying her child in the river.
a running a is muzzled track. on number dog greyhound wearing the five	a muzzled greyhound wearing the number five is running on a dog track.
group of climbers up A rock face. a begin sheer	A group of climbers begin up a sheer rock face.
pictures. are Three outdoors taking people	Three people are outdoors taking pictures.
a water. structure People near climb on	People climb on a structure near water.
woman A a sign. and a wearing black holding white large is dress	A woman wearing a black and white dress is holding a large sign.
brown people to The two next house. a are	The two people are next to a brown house.
birds. bird near shore on many the other One is landing	One bird is landing on the shore near many other birds.
lake mountains background and two adults with a in Two posing and the boys	Two adults and two boys posing with mountains and a lake in the background
a in the white mouth. is his dog carrying stick and brown	the brown and white dog is carrying a stick in his mouth.
boy a coat. a wears red	a boy wears a red coat.
a look A is man at the products. food taking	A man is taking a look at the food products.
a A pitch Sox player during on the prepares Boston a for game. Red	A player on the Boston Red Sox prepares for a pitch during a game.
score, to at men goal a post trying men green blue soccer it. prevent to in in while Four try 3	Four men in green at a soccer goal post trying to score, while 3 men in blue try to prevent it.
rink toward Wrestler wrestler. the spinning outside fellow of	Wrestler spinning outside of the rink toward fellow wrestler.
in wearing ocean young bathing suit boy a the a splashing colorful	a young boy wearing a colorful bathing suit splashing in the ocean
near a stand sidewalk men hats on building. the tree-lined wearing Two	Two men wearing hats stand on the tree-lined sidewalk near a building.
Some by goal. soccer children on playing are sports-field the a	Some children are playing soccer on a sports-field by the goal.
standing is folded. A boy the stairs with on arms his	A boy is standing on the stairs with his arms folded.
the along two bike bikers street.	two bikers bike along the street.
pushes woman wheelchair A a in ; background is the a arch. man an in	A woman pushes a man in a wheelchair ; in the background is an arch.
some by The for a pose the man bushes. picture woman and	The man and the woman pose for a picture by some bushes.
dog nearby. A a a while for woman jumping Frisbee crouches	A dog jumping for a Frisbee while a woman crouches nearby.
in dogs are a Two area. grassy	Two dogs are in a grassy area.
source. Five water in a natural people are	Five people are in a natural water source.
pours boy. another water a boy on	a boy pours water on another boy.
ninja Guy in horns suit Santa mask wearing and	Guy in Santa suit wearing ninja mask and horns
trees. between three pine bridge are hung crossing people rope a	three people are crossing a rope bridge hung between pine trees.
sit Three individuals smiling. at a table,	Three individuals sit at a table, smiling.
in surfing. a wetsuit A man	A man in a wetsuit surfing.
A a political sign. holding man	A man holding a political sign.
is riding The the wave. a wetsuit in surfer	The surfer in the wetsuit is riding a wave.
sand. on buggy dune A traveling	A dune buggy traveling on sand.
look little around boy runs others stage. A while at a	A little boy runs around while others look at a stage.
sidewalk on graffiti with a man running in young background the a	a young man running on a sidewalk with graffiti in the background
A playing is red black a ball. with Yorkie brown and	A brown and black Yorkie is playing with a red ball.
in bowler cricket A action.	A cricket bowler in action.
stand woman outside a A man a store. and	A woman and a man stand outside a store.
jacket a lady A gathering. public a in at green smiling	A smiling lady in a green jacket at a public gathering.
The three playing are men cricket.	The three men are playing cricket.
the jumps a sun. lot mid-day parking rope A in young in girl	A young girl jumps rope in a parking lot in the mid-day sun.
lot. walk across a ion women parking Two skirts	Two women ion skirts walk across a parking lot.
snow ground. Little in a boy backyard with the and a playing are on fenced in dog	Little boy and a dog are playing in a fenced in backyard with snow on the ground.
tray a and sitting a at front A in beer partially picnic man table with him. consumed of	A man sitting at a picnic table with a tray and partially consumed beer in front of him.
a costume. a batman man in dressed	a man dressed in a batman costume.
upside face. A down girl's	A upside down girl's face.
A wet on a street. under car looks man a	A man looks under a car on a wet street.
serve. A about to tennis player	A tennis player about to serve.
yellow beach A runs small dog on a	A small yellow dog runs on a beach
man a catch A leaps dog over to a disc.	A dog leaps over a man to catch a disc.
box patch a A grinds snow. wooden of a over melted snowboarder	A snowboarder grinds a wooden box over a melted patch of snow.
the plants. use power of coal in in protesting Many a street people	Many people in a street protesting the use of coal in power plants.
dog grass. A plays a the toy with in	A dog plays with a toy in the grass.
of hopscotch. The child playing legs a	The legs of a child playing hopscotch.
the dog of water. out A leaps	A dog leaps out of the water.
dogs toward The camera. are the two running	The two dogs are running toward the camera.
red judo practicing and Children mats. white on are	Children are practicing judo on red and white mats.
on standing a is a person a package in mountain carrying blue snowy tracksuit a	a person in a blue tracksuit carrying a package is standing on a snowy mountain
some into A dog getting water.	A dog getting into some water.
a play courtyard. in skateboard girls Two a on	Two girls play on a skateboard in a courtyard.
A girl wearing a door. white bathrobe a young stands by	A young girl wearing a white bathrobe stands by a door.
group at formal look wear and other. of mingle in teenagers each A	A group of teenagers in formal wear mingle and look at each other.
street A people buckets with poles. cross and of the group	A group of people cross the street with buckets and poles.
the stairs. A dog jumps off	A dog jumps off the stairs.
in game. ball baseball profession player a A baseball a pitches	A profession baseball player pitches a ball in a baseball game.
at girl a surrounded other is is A by who a concert. people picture taking	A girl who is surrounded by other people is taking a picture at a concert.
A a woman on helmet. bike and purple blue in purple is a red wearing	A woman in purple is on a purple bike wearing a blue and red helmet.
phone. relaxes woman while A on with pier a railings on the	A woman relaxes on a pier with railings while on the phone.
among wet a girl coat water A white in stands young fountains.	A wet young girl in a white coat stands among water fountains.
stream. A in is a on woman in a bikini rocks running	A woman in a bikini is running on rocks in a stream.
into to fall board his sea. lost about is the The surfer and	The surfer lost his board and is about to fall into the sea.
carries a a stick field. the large through dog	a dog carries a large stick through the field.
and smiling glasses in girl girl a a shoulder. on in leaning scarf her smiling black a blue-gray coat A with	A smiling girl in glasses and a blue-gray scarf with a smiling girl in a black coat leaning on her shoulder.
man The catches skateboarding. while some young air	The young man catches some air while skateboarding.
outdoors. are basketball These playing people	These people are playing basketball outdoors.
with runs in dog a down stick trail A his a mouth.	A dog runs down a trail with a stick in his mouth.
A holds mouth. dumbbell its a dog white small in black	A black dog holds a small white dumbbell in its mouth.
A almost skateboarder building. high is a as as jumping	A skateboarder is jumping almost as high as a building.
little red ball to its dog mouth. in is jumping catch a up	little dog is jumping up to catch a red ball in its mouth.
the person high on a A down air jump rides upside and into a bicycle.	A person rides a jump high into the air and upside down on a bicycle.
beach a boulder young winter girl into sand a coat in jumping at off the	young girl in winter coat jumping off a boulder into the sand at a beach
in umbrella. sleeping A a open black black and bench on red is with black person an	A black person in black and red is sleeping on a bench with an open black umbrella.
of A amusement woman the children navigate and ride. an balcony	A woman and children navigate the balcony of an amusement ride.
A in runs and black white water dog ocean large the	A large black and white dog runs in the ocean water
through dogs fluffy run grass. the Two	Two fluffy dogs run through the grass.
A race the water race car on driving yellow is course. through	A yellow race car is driving through water on the race course.
A shirt a and green backpack a person and hiking in mountain. white on red	A person in a white and red shirt and green backpack hiking on a mountain.
the striped in Two in snow. fight sweaters dogs	Two dogs in striped sweaters fight in the snow.
as from dangling rock watch spectators Man	Man dangling from rock as spectators watch
man A with playing brown two fetch dogs.	A man playing fetch with two brown dogs.
chair, hand blue Near holds a a a boy and window shirt his something smiles. in in and a young	Near a window and a chair, a young boy in a blue shirt holds something in his hand and smiles.
basketball. The boys play	The boys play basketball.
ball snow. the dogs playing Two with in a	Two dogs playing with a ball in the snow.
on stump. tree sits A boy a	A boy sits on a tree stump.
in the are with and a snow dogs dog. Two white red black mostly	Two mostly white dogs are in the snow with a black and red dog.
by along stage people. watched being several Two the are walking whilst boys	Two boys are walking along the stage whilst being watched by several people.
inside A non-working black, laying man boat. is down a	A man is laying down inside a black, non-working boat.
at a table People glasses. placemats are sitting green set with and green	People are sitting at a green table set with placemats and green glasses.
holding a mouth a small a with his dog stick boy in	a small dog with a boy holding a stick in his mouth
dogs grass. through the Two run	Two dogs run through the grass.
grass. on the flip young a man doing A	A young man doing a flip on the grass.
inside a seen from car of it A dog as the can be road. the crosses	A dog can be seen from the inside of a car as it crosses the road.
A next to brown running grass. dog	A brown dog running next to grass.
ramp. boy in a of off after going a midair wooden on bicycle A	A boy on a bicycle in midair after going off of a wooden ramp.
a merry-go-round shirts wearing young a pink girls park on ridding at two	two young girls wearing pink shirts ridding on a merry-go-round at a park
bowl shaped a swing. play children large Three in	Three children play in a large bowl shaped swing.
skateboard empty the an up pool. side man rides a of A	A man rides a skateboard up the side of an empty pool.
older the An an unusual at corner building. stands youths two man over of	An older man stands over two youths at the corner of an unusual building.
in blue a tank jumps. A top girl white and pants	A girl in white pants and a blue tank top jumps.
person para A snowy mountains. the gliding into	A person para gliding into the snowy mountains.
running a dogs brown in grassy Two field.	Two brown dogs running in a grassy field.
a the taking at looks A skeptically person her outdoors. woman are picture 3 and of who girls	A woman looks skeptically at the person taking a picture of her and 3 girls who are outdoors.
into boy orange the leaves air. throws A and red	A boy throws red and orange leaves into the air.
shirt jeans away. green wearing a blue woman A and walks blonde	A blonde woman wearing a green shirt and blue jeans walks away.
A white a black with plays stuffed colored dog animal. blue and	A black dog plays with a white and blue colored stuffed animal.
Frisbee. jumps dog the A purple catch to	A dog jumps to catch the purple Frisbee.
a cliff blond face. climbs rock sheer A person	A blond person climbs a sheer rock cliff face.
off cream brown A an dog chair. and sliding white oversized	A brown and white dog sliding off an oversized cream chair.
A near boy structure. a brick jumps	A boy jumps near a brick structure.
A again a statue leans bench with on boys woman talking. a group a sit while of backpack a	A woman with a backpack leans again a statue while a group of boys sit on a bench talking.
ice. on players wearing uniforms hockey the Two and skate yellow black	Two hockey players wearing yellow and black uniforms skate on the ice.
A rocky person cliff. from hanging a	A person hanging from a rocky cliff.
jump taking yellow biker wearing A suit. large is a a dirt	A dirt biker is taking a large jump wearing a yellow suit.
a glasses vest in brown A plays brown and a with dog. man	A man in a brown vest and glasses plays with a brown dog.
mainly watching men people bunch A something. of	A bunch of people mainly men watching something.
bike A cyclist yellow neon on is airborne. a	A cyclist on a neon yellow bike is airborne.
touches man's of young another a the man while young watches. head, a girl side	a girl touches the side of a young man's head, while another young man watches.
on black a sand. dog plays the brown A with dog	A black dog plays with a brown dog on the sand.
is man's transportation on a woman lap system. sitting on A a public	A woman is sitting on a man's lap on a public transportation system.
people slushies. their get	people get their slushies.
while beach. a on trunks a paddle, in hits with the swim man A ball	A man in swim trunks hits a ball with a paddle, while on the beach.
ready boy a baseball getting through is young to A	A young boy is getting ready to through a baseball
the A two whilst legged on sitting girls cross baby holds woman grass.	A woman holds two baby girls whilst sitting cross legged on the grass.
a with playing in A white dog ball. snow the	A dog playing in the snow with a white ball.
on behind with seashore A running brown dog crashing waves brown and white the them. with dogs two	A brown dog running with two white and brown dogs on the seashore with crashing waves behind them.
sits An station transit woman next in old backlit a advertisement. to a	An old woman sits in a transit station next to a backlit advertisement.
in A the dog snow	A dog in the snow
dog pile A a jumps over of wood.	A dog jumps over a pile of wood.
behind. dog in A brown a runs with grass fence wooden the	A brown dog runs in the grass with a wooden fence behind.
A of person cliff off on rope. a a hanging	A person hanging off of a cliff on a rope.
arms jumps suit a his setting. in air A blue in backyard bathing with the boy a in	A boy in a blue bathing suit jumps with his arms in the air in a backyard setting.
A flag on standing a is busy holding man a sidewalk.	A man holding a flag is standing on a busy sidewalk.
she of leans woman a a picture One table. on taking a woman as second	One woman taking a picture of a second woman as she leans on a table.
on ball. orange Boy the an playing with grass	Boy playing on the grass with an orange ball.
for a woman man picture a posing a and	a man and a woman posing for a picture
sack. older a person holding is An wearing burlap green	An older person wearing green is holding a burlap sack.
talking street. red near by in a woman walks sweater two younger A women a busy	A woman in a red sweater walks by two younger women talking near a busy street.
of next A a running to brown dog second in grass field its carrying dog. mouth toy a a is red in	A dog is carrying a red toy in its mouth running in a field of brown grass next to a second dog.
pier Man dogs at two water. on shallow looks a in standing	Man on a pier looks at two dogs standing in shallow water.
field people next water to two working in	two people working in water next to field
girl A bounces.	A girl bounces.
child sitting A carousel a on horse.	A child sitting on a carousel horse.
pinstriped smoking blue cigar a is in a newspaper man while a reading A suit	A man in a blue pinstriped suit is reading a newspaper while smoking a cigar
of people group tents in camp trees. some A near	A group of people camp in tents near some trees.
in a game Men playing red uniforms	Men playing a game in red uniforms
pool sits dog woman A a by is while another the nearby. dog with	A woman sits by the pool with a dog while another dog is nearby.
A ball tan light carrying a blue and fence. dog a black is near	A black and tan dog is carrying a light blue ball near a fence.
around field. The horse the gallops	The horse gallops around the field.
walking and trunks yellow in A swimming bright man orange toward kayaks.	A man in swimming trunks walking toward bright yellow and orange kayaks.
the in arena. black the at man camera is The his shirt pointing	The man in the black shirt is pointing his camera at the arena.
shirtless man wall climbs in a nature. A	A shirtless man climbs a wall in nature.
Wet in jumping dog water	Wet dog jumping in water
crosses assault a on smiling course. he The little an rope boy is as	The little boy is smiling as he crosses a rope on an assault course.
on and man a woman A kiss share the beach. a	A man and a woman share a kiss on the beach.
Three girls young together outside. pose	Three young girls pose together outside.
cafe an outdoor at older people table. sit Two	Two older people sit at an outdoor cafe table.
a toddler are parent book. and their A reading	A parent and their toddler are reading a book.
white A with Frisbee. orange catches dog bandanna an a black	A black dog with an orange bandanna catches a white Frisbee.
vest in in red field. the The the dog runs	The dog in the red vest runs in the field.
in running snow. the a collar with Dog red	Dog with a red collar running in the snow.
the toy multiple dog in colored A carries a grass. brown	A brown dog carries a multiple colored toy in the grass.
around. other each dogs Two playing bite while	Two dogs bite each other while playing around.
the in Three are dirt. dogs together playing	Three dogs are playing together in the dirt.
touching men Two their smiling heads with	Two smiling men with their heads touching
sits woman A to next baby smiling. while a a boy holds her	A woman holds a baby while a boy sits next to her smiling.
walks dog in A grass. hiding the brown another towards animal	A brown dog walks towards another animal hiding in the grass.
catch dog A white high and ball. black jumping to a	A black and white dog jumping high to catch a ball.
grass first football. boy into face while little The playing the fell	The little boy fell face first into the grass while playing football.
girl a a A ball. little gives blue to kick good	A little girl gives a good kick to a blue ball.
Two grass. dogs on playing	Two dogs playing on grass.
parade outfits. brightly people in Six colored a walking wearing	Six people walking in a parade wearing brightly colored outfits.
a at sunset the a Image in with of beach foreground. the kid	Image of a sunset at the beach with a kid in the foreground.
at the Dog sunset on beach	Dog on the beach at sunset
plays water. black the in small A dog	A small black dog plays in the water.
A jumps catch to flying a disc. pitbull	A pitbull jumps to catch a flying disc.
A vest with stands a blue blue bicycle traffic. in in and her helmet a woman sky	A woman in a blue vest and a sky blue helmet stands with her bicycle in traffic.
across dogs two the woods. run	two dogs run across the woods.
in their with women laps. their are sitting Two purses	Two women are sitting with their purses in their laps.
a logos. in elderly sponsorship covered black An wearing is man jacket	An elderly man is wearing a black jacket covered in sponsorship logos.
arms a on standing stone base outstretched Man with	Man with outstretched arms standing on a stone base
using binoculars. hikers pair one at are view, mountainside of a sitting the Three looking on a	Three hikers are sitting on a mountainside looking at the view, one using a pair of binoculars.
two dogs fight.	two dogs fight.
other, ferry. each standing a ferry, on couple out A a at hold looking	A couple hold each other, standing on a ferry, looking out at a ferry.
Person bicycle jump doing	Person doing bicycle jump
helmet neighborhood. boy A suburban a wearing a rides a scooter in	A boy wearing a helmet rides a scooter in a suburban neighborhood.
indoor an climbing boy climbing Little rock wall.	Little boy climbing an indoor rock climbing wall.
nose piercing. guy with a A	A guy with a nose piercing.
man a sits statue. large near a	a man sits near a large statue.
A bullfighter outfitted and bull. fancy	A fancy outfitted bullfighter and bull.
boys each other. arms with their Three around pose	Three boys pose with their arms around each other.
boots The sidewalk. the in girl yellow pink the and strides little the down dress	The little girl in the yellow dress and the pink boots strides down the sidewalk.
rock Two climbing. people	Two people rock climbing.
wearing rock is a helmet. The the climbing man blue	The man climbing the rock is wearing a blue helmet.
brown over fallen tree hops branch. a A dog	A brown dog hops over a fallen tree branch.
Shaft of a cave light in shows three spelunkers	Shaft of light in a cave shows three spelunkers
A while the air male jumps on in skateboard. a	A male jumps in the air while on a skateboard.
and tan dog near green plants. A standing white	A tan and white dog standing near green plants.
child A the on sidewalk. running	A child running on the sidewalk.
car. a race helmets sitting wearing in are Two people	Two people wearing helmets are sitting in a race car.
his chest. a some sand on getting boy young thrown	a young boy getting some sand thrown on his chest.
beach. Two women on a	Two women on a beach.
swimming are dog where some a some water in swimming there also ducks	a dog swimming in some water where there are some ducks swimming also
catch a surfers wave. Two	Two surfers catch a wave.
jump. their attempt behind third tricks while poses a skiers Two	Two skiers attempt tricks while a third poses behind their jump.
to air the jumps dog blue a catch ball. A in	A dog jumps in the air to catch a blue ball.
man's looks friend a young a on A while young cheek touching woman	A young woman touching a young man's cheek while a friend looks on
A distance something at around talk. as those her in the girl gazes young	A young girl gazes at something in the distance as those around her talk.
water while night. rushes climbing on a in rocks over them shirt A at green man	A man in a green shirt climbing on rocks while water rushes over them at night.
wearing different A women a of crowd is stone colors entering structure. multiple	A crowd of women wearing multiple different colors is entering a stone structure.
black in three dogs dirty water swimming	three black dogs swimming in dirty water
man a ND wearing jacket to a walking of next a jeans building. a pair jean red brick	a man wearing a jean jacket ND a pair of jeans walking next to a red brick building.
barren A otherwise hiker landscape. in discovers an a feature	A hiker discovers a feature in an otherwise barren landscape.
is a which in one Two men, of bald, bathroom.	Two men, one of which is bald, in a bathroom.
in sitting on and bars metal A boy in with object between them. metal red girl a jacket some a a are jacket a brown	A boy in a brown jacket and a girl in a red jacket are sitting on some metal bars with a metal object between them.
snow around mountains man all standing A with trees him. on is and	A man is standing on snow with trees and mountains all around him.
by onlooker massive on the sits shore a pool An overlooked waterfalls. of	An onlooker sits on the shore of a pool overlooked by massive waterfalls.
with attached is to a A mistletoe man it. large headband wearing	A large man is wearing a headband with mistletoe attached to it.
rings a set a in with toddler blue A of a stick. bandanna playing on	A toddler in a blue bandanna playing with a set of rings on a stick.
over dog small hurdles. A jumping	A small dog jumping over hurdles.
on top of head. her little as white smiles the wears girl A she a bowl	A little girl smiles as she wears a white bowl on the top of her head.
interviewing boy The man teenage an audience. a of front in is	The man is interviewing a teenage boy in front of an audience.
car in showroom floor. People a	People in a car showroom floor.
man their ride city A and street. across woman bikes a	A man and woman ride their bikes across a city street.
woman camera. the for elderly smiles an	an elderly woman smiles for the camera.
building. sitting in circle a a large People outside	People sitting in a circle outside a large building.
the red ropes the onto A playground. child at grips small	A small child grips onto the red ropes at the playground.
in tennis a is looking dog white at floating ball pool. a A brown and	A brown and white dog is looking at a tennis ball floating in a pool.
bird flying A in the air	A bird flying in the air
through ocean. the running is dog A	A dog is running through the ocean.
are a A standing group people of beside firetruck.	A group of people are standing beside a firetruck.
a Teenager with on standing headband up	Teenager standing up with a headband on
its a in A mouth. with dog branch	A dog with a branch in its mouth.
boy young in a chasing young blue sitting car. is girl a in A play	A young boy in blue is chasing a young girl sitting in a play car.
eating, Two middle-aged. one one and women elderly	Two women eating, one elderly and one middle-aged.
together a store. outdoors Two walk men bags carrying from red	Two men walk together outdoors carrying red bags from a store.
Two bikes trail. a people on bike riding dirt	Two people riding dirt bikes on a bike trail.
outfit a baby in wearing baby young a swing swinging a white girl	a young baby girl wearing a white outfit swinging in a baby swing
dog. skateboard with a poses man on a A	A man on a skateboard poses with a dog.
snowboarder cement wall night. down at A sliding a is	A snowboarder is sliding down a cement wall at night.
on haired the to sidewalk girl next a white a young red duck. jumping	a young red haired girl jumping on the sidewalk next to a white duck.
in swim is trunks a shirt orange underwater. A child blue and	A child in a blue shirt and orange swim trunks is underwater.
running is The with a colorful ball. dog	The dog is running with a colorful ball.
leaves. some in black A and runs white dog	A black and white dog runs in some leaves.
A the and young are playing child a dog snow. in	A young child and a dog are playing in the snow.
the sitting red on The a eating are backpack. students from a grass lunch	The students sitting on the grass are eating a lunch from a red backpack.
red footballer is player the The to pushing American in the white wearing ground.	The American footballer wearing red is pushing the player in white to the ground.
front another of of a are group bar of them a a fighting hitting men city, a with stick. in European one in	a group of men are fighting in front of a bar in a European city, one of them hitting another with a stick.
children are pond walking by a Two	Two children are walking by a pond
water. in A dog his boy watching are an object the and	A boy and his dog are watching an object in the water.
a the black stick. a dog frozen and A of walks pond, surface on holding brown	A black and brown dog walks on the frozen surface of a pond, holding a stick.
rearview hound yellow is of mirror leashed A vehicle to a the and basset white	A basset hound is leashed to the rearview mirror of a yellow and white vehicle
dogs fight the snow. golden Two each other in with	Two golden dogs fight with each other in the snow.
is helmet is holding gold a and wearing guard military sword. ceremonial a a	a military guard is wearing a ceremonial gold helmet and is holding a sword.
black and shirt man in bicycle jeans in street. the bearded a a riding A	A bearded man in jeans and a black shirt riding a bicycle in the street.
a across tosses rock river. boy A a	A boy tosses a rock across a river.
stick the white a The water. dog brings from	The white dog brings a stick from the water.
walking girl A her with grey umbrella.	A girl walking with her grey umbrella.
front in pharmacy cross a lit street of sign. up waiting with to People the	People waiting to cross the street in front of a pharmacy with lit up sign.
outdoor an a tan from water spout. drinks dog water big	a big tan dog drinks water from an outdoor water spout.
dogs sled mushing and A	A sled and dogs mushing
brown large A snow. of holds a jacket in a boy chunk	A boy in a brown jacket holds a large chunk of snow.
looks fly at dog its a A above head.	A dog looks at a fly above its head.
with on dog background. gravel grass in trees and laying Brown	Brown dog laying on gravel with grass and trees in background.
leafy its bird a flying mouth. branch with in Black	Black bird flying with a leafy branch in its mouth.
along running a dog A mouth. in with its object red a beach is	A dog is running along a beach with a red object in its mouth.
wearing beer. with a white at a table person tank sits A top a	A person wearing a white tank top sits at a table with a beer.
the and dog on large grass. white A play brown dog small	A small white dog and large brown dog play on the grass.
people as A group zombies. of dressed	A group of people dressed as zombies.
in bubbles Three soap children smile. covered	Three children covered in soap bubbles smile.
runs him. while player basketball tries to another A block	A basketball player runs while another tries to block him.
violin in is and street. colorful the dress a playing sunglasses A girl on a	A girl in a colorful dress and sunglasses is playing a violin on the street.
in in four-wheel A rides a a the helmet person desert. vehicle	A person in a helmet rides a four-wheel vehicle in the desert.
on a man holding to horses dragging right his between two horse the on	a man dragging between two horses holding on to the horse on his right
on The man front the is sunset. sitting of a and bike in	The man is on a bike and sitting in front of the sunset.
of around parade Group a people float. gathering	Group of people gathering around a parade float.
splashing a bird A puddle in	A bird splashing in a puddle
swing off A is jumping boy a	A boy is jumping off a swing
are snowballs. girls throwing playing and Two in snow the	Two girls are playing in the snow and throwing snowballs.
walks a man him. in baby a pushing shorts and behind carriage right big brown walks a dog A woman	A man in shorts walks a big brown dog and a woman pushing a baby carriage walks right behind him.
in stick dog in a holds water mouth. A its	A dog in water holds a stick in its mouth.
of a man cliff. repels the The down side	The man repels down the side of a cliff.
child. and the a woman sideways A a in small looks scarf at holds camera	A woman in a scarf looks sideways at the camera and holds a small child.
boy a A on down splashes water young a lawn. slide	A young boy splashes down a water slide on a lawn.
in bike a fence. picket red girl a A past white rides sundress a	A girl in a red sundress rides a bike past a white picket fence.
dog white in baseball midair. A a black and catching	A black and white dog catching a baseball in midair.
the muscle at hair tire. car car in while blonde the with man yellow rubber is looks A a burning	A yellow muscle car is burning rubber while a man in the car with blonde hair looks at the tire.
the a on in the background. docked with are children ferry shoreline Three playing	Three children are playing on the shoreline with a ferry docked in the background.
dog The black snow. running through the is	The black dog is running through the snow.
hawk small A diving to animal. a catch	A hawk diving to catch a small animal.
a car. sits couple A on	A couple sits on a car.
A grass. running brown dog over	A brown dog running over grass.
women Two a are eating cream. girl little and ice	Two women and a little girl are eating ice cream.
A mountain picture and hike. man woman on for posing a a	A man and woman posing for a picture on a mountain hike.
taking The bath. baby its enjoys	The baby enjoys taking its bath.
is riding on A water. boat in man a the	A man is riding in a boat on the water.
A police a parade. watch officer keeps	A police officer keeps watch a parade.
children. crowd women There of men, and of a people is	There is a crowd of people of men, women and children.
mouth. has black A and brown rope its in dog	A black and brown dog has rope in its mouth.
wall. a a brick rockstar A front in like of man poses dressed	A man dressed like a rockstar poses in front of a brick wall.
a stands Girl notebook. reading	Girl stands reading a notebook.
the and white green grass. A runs dog brown through	A brown and white dog runs through the green grass.
kick A player the soccer ball. prepares to	A soccer player prepares to kick the ball.
the grass. in Boston A running is terrier	A Boston terrier is running in the grass.
a and black-rimmed glasses with talking. mustache is A man	A man with black-rimmed glasses and a mustache is talking.
tree. in of toe-touch front perform a leaping boy A a to	A boy leaping to perform a toe-touch in front of a tree.
the a grass. dog jumps brown into	a brown dog jumps into the grass.
American vintage of The South a cars. courtyard and crowd city a with	The courtyard of a South American city with a crowd and vintage cars.
is one other roof, bending Two the at the climbing down looking is a ground. boys,	Two boys, one is climbing a roof, the other is bending down looking at the ground.
her raises A uniform arm. a blue girl in	A girl in a blue uniform raises her arm.
a kick soccer goal of red team member another in the the the as attacks player ball with flying white on. looks in towards player	a soccer player in white attacks the ball with flying kick towards the goal of the player in red as another team member looks on.
hair. A girl curly with her in large redheaded a headband	A curly redheaded girl with a large headband in her hair.
white woman glasses is a The in holding red sale and bag.	The woman in glasses is holding a red and white sale bag.
lady with back attached son A to her her	A lady with her son attached to her back
A animal a small dog large chases black fenced area. a in	A small black dog chases a large animal in a fenced area.
night alone A on at a walking street. girl	A girl walking alone at night on a street.
A dock the off water. a fetch ball in the dog to leans	A dog leans off the dock to fetch a ball in the water.
shirts. Two orange with girls	Two girls with orange shirts.
Two lake a a sit man background in while girls fishes along the	Two girls sit along a lake while a man in the background fishes
in street. black hoolahoops on Lady the	Lady in black hoolahoops on the street.
A people and of group sit cliff the at top of the side. over look a	A group of people sit at the top of a cliff and look over the side.
A a ball. to dog next lays black	A black dog lays next to a ball.
the in arms a jumping is shirt boy green the bowling air alley. end a in his at of with a	a boy in a green shirt is jumping with his arms in the air at the end of a bowling alley.
on posing group are A team players together. of a	A group of players on a team are posing together.
the water towards reflection. into the a stepping sun's out dog is	a dog is stepping out into the water towards the sun's reflection.
birds in dog field. the chases The the	The dog chases the birds in the field.
the through A flies air. skateboarder	A skateboarder flies through the air.
with the background. in Two children adults	Two children with adults in the background.
Two of people group women in bow-like a among a stance.	Two women among a group of people in a bow-like stance.
A with dog mouth getting a water. of ball its in the out	A dog with a ball in its mouth getting out of the water.
sprinklers standing Kids with getting water. soaked are the in	Kids are standing in the sprinklers getting soaked with water.
people crew a in boat. row	people row in a crew boat.
A arms ramp rollerblader his in with a skates the down air.	A rollerblader skates down a ramp with his arms in the air.
in girl young some A silver a boots, front demonstrates moves. car interesting wearing of	A young girl in front of a silver car wearing boots, demonstrates some interesting moves.
on. a A jersey football red Sooners player with	A football player with a red Sooners jersey on.
holding A young and Asian boys black girls group flags. of	A group of young Asian boys and girls holding black flags.
shoulder. through yard A walks on with boy a his bicycle rocky dusty tire a	A boy walks through a dusty rocky yard with a bicycle tire on his shoulder.
older drinking reading is tea and a An newspaper. woman	An older woman is drinking tea and reading a newspaper.
him. and behind man in backpack wearing field mountains there a and a sheep A are	A man in a field wearing a backpack and there are sheep and mountains behind him.
in a sits on at a book a looking A their person with lap. child sweater	A person in a sweater sits looking at a book with a child on their lap.
dog A black green on white runs grass. soft and	A black and white dog runs on soft green grass.
Two men a wrestling at match.	Two men wrestling at a match.
people has tripod. camera on Three one outside a a stand	Three people stand outside one has a camera on a tripod.
a shoulders. has young snake A over boy his draped	A young boy has a snake draped over his shoulders.
of band with playing one are man drums buckets. playing is guys A and the their small saxophones	A small band of guys are playing their saxophones and one man is playing the drums with buckets.
A covered snow stick. carries dog huge, a	A dog carries a huge, snow covered stick.
sliding A a pool. into little girl	A little girl sliding into a pool.
racquet. in holding a player mid game tennis A	A tennis player in mid game holding a racquet.
red grass. the runs a girl in sweater on A	A girl in a red sweater runs on the grass.
glasses. next A standing to bright wearing red a policewoman person	A policewoman standing next to a person wearing bright red glasses.
plays her with litttle bear. teddy baby a	a litttle baby plays with her teddy bear.
play A group instruments guys outside. of	A group of guys play instruments outside.
kids are on a swinging playground. Two	Two kids are swinging on a playground.
crashes through a as wave it person surfs A down.	A person surfs through a wave as it crashes down.
hold wearing by Peolple Hawaiian the shirts buckets water.	Peolple wearing Hawaiian shirts hold buckets by the water.
the spouse hugging across water A his way. man looks	A man hugging his spouse looks across the water way.
man rock. climbs smiling a A	A smiling man climbs a rock.
water. body Children riding a camel of a on by	Children riding on a camel by a body of water.
in and red in A stand woman shirt man a white a a of front in mirror.	A woman in a red shirt and a man in white stand in front of a mirror.
body older water. sitting a of beside person An	An older person sitting beside a body of water.
to open leaning the black A dog side. has while its mouth	A black dog has its mouth open while leaning to the side.
girl a dress A has pink striped a in scarf. little	A little girl in a striped dress has a pink scarf.
standing white dog brown and yard. in a A	A brown and white dog standing in a yard.
in a the air white jumping to catch a Frisbee dog	a white dog jumping in the air to catch a Frisbee
ice girl the is on little in A down red	A little girl in red is down on the ice
woman together a person shoes them. sits behind stand while Two black wearing	Two woman wearing black shoes stand together while a person sits behind them.
sit man and A park a bench. woman on	A man and woman sit on a park bench.
waaves A flag. a man shirtless	A shirtless man waaves a flag.
the swims water. A in dog	A dog swims in the water.
dog short running toward with A camera. hair grey the	A grey dog with short hair running toward the camera.
while in their holding and eye small gray child winks A silverware. orange	A small child in gray and orange winks their eye while holding silverware.
ball. air leaps chasing while tennis A in a the dog	A dog leaps in the air while chasing a tennis ball.
the covered people in Two mountains with background. up snow jumping	Two people jumping up with snow covered mountains in the background.
wearing A lap. sits small baby on sunglasses an adult's	A small baby wearing sunglasses sits on an adult's lap.
marching A performs band in auditorium an	A marching band performs in an auditorium
kids run soccer. Little while the goal toward playing	Little kids run toward the goal while playing soccer.
blue swimsuit. young girl a A bikini wearing	A young girl wearing a blue bikini swimsuit.
her A and with and crosses girl piercing short her finger arms. bites a eyebrow haircut	A girl with a short haircut and eyebrow piercing bites her finger and crosses her arms.
dress blonde green standing girl wearing	blonde girl wearing green dress standing
bench. A sits man on a	A man sits on a bench.
a A rock. man climbing headband in a	A man in a headband climbing a rock.
tan with shore. a playing A the dog stick on	A tan dog playing with a stick on the shore.
A int skinny near large the dogs dog stands smaller dirt. two	A large skinny dog stands near two smaller dogs int the dirt.
woman the her in a yellow watches meadow young blow wind. scarf in A sunny	A young woman in a sunny meadow watches her yellow scarf blow in the wind.
the air. tails in with their the dogs are sniffing Two at ground	Two dogs are sniffing at the ground with their tails in the air.
closed in yellow busy in a girl standing park. her eyes with is dress a	a girl in yellow dress is standing with her eyes closed in a busy park.
red by A a in people. surrounded girl jacket,	A girl in a red jacket, surrounded by people.
off fishing Children a bridge	Children fishing off a bridge
a climbing playground. little A girl at	A little girl climbing at a playground.
to match. about start a Wrestlers	Wrestlers about to start a match.
a on A on table and next it. to woman white brown dog standing and is a a back legs gingerbread its with house	A white and brown dog is standing on its back legs next to a woman and a table with a gingerbread house on it.
toy dry plays with in Black multi-colored grass. a retriever	Black retriever plays with a multi-colored toy in dry grass.
Two grass. side-by-side on dogs run the	Two dogs run side-by-side on the grass.
dogs Two white white are in around waves. splashing	Two white dogs are splashing around in white waves.
hat a a on top is a on A is woman shirtless a with man. of which skateboard speaking bench with sitting and	A woman with a hat is sitting on a skateboard which is on top of a bench and speaking with a shirtless man.
collar snow. brown is a barking A in white dog the a a dog at pink with brown and with blue collar	A brown and white dog with a pink collar is barking at a brown dog with a blue collar in the snow.
Two fencers swords pointing other. at their each suited	Two suited fencers pointing their swords at each other.
the woods. black wearing through rides red helmet person bike a a A	A person wearing a black helmet rides a red bike through the woods.
Two wearing caps. standing men jackets outside and	Two men standing outside wearing jackets and caps.
green children sit a vessel Two a in in yard.	Two children sit in a green vessel in a yard.
shirt green kayakers. A watches in a boy	A boy in a green shirt watches kayakers.
with climbs red grocery bags counter Dog	Dog climbs counter with red grocery bags
scooter A rope to man on holding roller a on	A man on a roller scooter holding on to rope
on white and snow. A dog black dog standing are a	A black dog and a white dog are standing on snow.
badminton while holds lady another pink bathing racket in suit looks a A a woman on.	A woman in a pink bathing suit holds a badminton racket while another lady looks on.
is brown running field dog a flowers. A large of through	A large brown dog is running through a field of flowers.
shirt A stairs. a of blue a the on is standing flight boy railing with of	A boy with a blue shirt is standing on the railing of a flight of stairs.
A running through dog the sand. little white	A little white dog running through the sand.
signs woman pink a hooded a carrying in down sweatshirt advertisement sidewalk. A	A woman in a pink hooded sweatshirt carrying advertisement signs down a sidewalk.
A in dog the running grass.	A dog running in the grass.
costumes " women cards. up " elaborate Love You I Three in hold	Three women in elaborate costumes hold up " I Love You " cards.
photograph woman An taking outside a is a white building. Asian columned	An Asian woman is taking a photograph outside a white columned building.
to A a river water hair woman shaking everywhere. spray her causing is a in	A woman in a river is shaking her hair causing a water to spray everywhere.
with man in Espana and streaks a red are ' smiling. a purple hair A that says ' shirt her in girl	A man in a red shirt that says ' Espana ' and a girl with purple streaks in her hair are smiling.
a over A and jumps dog red gate. white	A dog jumps over a red and white gate.
black dog The the and running through water. white is	The black and white dog is running through the water.
rubber his a over with shoulder. A boy innertube blond	A blond boy with a rubber innertube over his shoulder.
in snowmobile air of A the flies or pine his front machine rider on her through trees. tall	A snowmobile rider flies through the air on his or her machine in front of tall pine trees.
bride towards up her, air in bouquet A throwing a the group ladies. of behind her	A bride throwing her bouquet up in the air behind her, towards a group of ladies.
a Two bicycles people are road. along riding	Two people are riding bicycles along a road.
dog is grass. bush running The in to path on yellow a next the a	The yellow dog is running next to a bush on a path in the grass.
A and white quickly. horse brown runs	A brown and white horse runs quickly.
to is large a letters A man sign. remove pole a using from	A man is using a large pole to remove letters from a sign.
a dressed Three room men, with holy doing one paperwork sit Islamic ,. walls man, green as in an	Three men, one dressed as an Islamic holy man, sit in a room with green walls doing paperwork ,.
toy on a dog Large the playing brown with chew grass.	Large brown dog playing with a chew toy on the grass.
A front monument. of Buddist sitting a is man in	A man is sitting in front of a Buddist monument.
a a on surfer surfboard of riding wave. is a breaking top	a surfer is riding a surfboard on top of a breaking wave.
background with the Three in men posing mountains scenic	Three men posing with scenic mountains in the background
woman A sculpture park. young a under in waits a	A young woman waits under a sculpture in a park.
street. wearing in A jumps green skateboard man with his the	A man wearing green jumps with his skateboard in the street.
dogs wearing running. are Two muzzles	Two dogs wearing muzzles are running.
for crowd. dance four a women	four women dance for a crowd.
at park. in midair Skateboarder a	Skateboarder in midair at a park.
a has A catch to the in up jumped white air Frisbee. dog	A white dog has jumped up in the air to catch a Frisbee.
a for A posing large group a photo on lawn.	A large group posing for a photo on a lawn.
sun the lay on out of chairs in by Several lawn body white people a water.	Several people lay out in the sun on white lawn chairs by a body of water.
in red a boy pit. A plays ball young	A young boy plays in a red ball pit.
ramp climbs A black a down dog	A dog climbs down a black ramp
with hula girl Blond paying hoop. a	Blond girl paying with a hula hoop.
man sitting a black-clad is walks woman dog some where down steps his young A	A young man walks his dog down some steps where a black-clad woman is sitting
a game. athletes playing Two hockey in	Two athletes playing in a hockey game.
slides softball plate into girl home A playing	A girl playing softball slides into home plate
several dressed a with in cloak the blue hooded people person background. A in	A person dressed in a blue hooded cloak with several people in the background.
on snowboard. doing A jump a K2 snowboarder a	A snowboarder doing a jump on a K2 snowboard.
in red down swings shirt young on girl swings. A face a the	A young girl in a red shirt swings face down on the swings.
a one dog white and running field. One through brown	One brown and one white dog running through a field.
for black turtle and is wearing jacket picture. smiling woman neck a young a A	A young woman wearing a turtle neck and black jacket is smiling for a picture.
cow. with large the dog a The in brown playing grass is brown	The large brown dog is playing in the grass with a brown cow.
on A a young riding yellow plastic car child	A young child riding on a plastic yellow car
in grass colored Frisbee. with dogs Two the a romp blue dark	Two dark colored dogs romp in the grass with a blue Frisbee.
a basketball holding basketball. player A	A basketball player holding a basketball.
bowls wooden near older display. An man poses on	An older man poses near wooden bowls on display.
small in dog running grass. A	A small dog running in grass.
corn and man with a A eating yellow female a wearing a crowd behind of them. people big	A female wearing yellow and a man eating a corn with a big crowd of people behind them.
men indoor Japanese-sponsored teams game hockey. Young a play from of field two	Young men from two Japanese-sponsored teams play a game of indoor field hockey.
in the A skateboarder air. jumps	A skateboarder jumps in the air.
ride. arcade A a child shirt red yellow a is playing in	A child in a yellow shirt is playing a red arcade ride.
white, Three and pink, girls a little dance class are in black at dressed	Three little girls dressed in white, pink, and black are at a dance class
on rock Child sits water. the wearing a red shirt in a	Child wearing a red shirt sits on a rock in the water.
sport basketball attempting basket blue with uniform. being to while score by uniform in Man right player in hand in blocked white	Man in blue sport uniform with basketball in right hand attempting to score basket while being blocked by player in white uniform.
a with dog. brown fights A dog white	A white dog fights with a brown dog.
horses are people riding beach. the Four on	Four people are riding horses on the beach.
wearing surfer wave. and a black wetsuit riding A a green	A surfer wearing a black and green wetsuit riding a wave.
face a covering a with man spiderman his a wearing also. mask outfit	a man wearing a spiderman outfit with a mask covering his face also.
brown man high can bald jump. and A dog black his how demonstarting	A bald man demonstarting how high his brown and black dog can jump.
A young woman on sits a bench.	A young woman sits on a bench.
in pointing boy tulip. is red red a A to	A boy in red is pointing to a red tulip.
field the playing a athletes two legs soccer of on	the legs of two athletes playing soccer on a field
against black A building. a with sits a hat man brick	A man with a black hat sits against a brick building.
and dog white snowy black and air the off into ground. the The leaped	The white and black dog leaped into the air and off the snowy ground.
red in red jacket tulips. at a boy A points	A boy in a red jacket points at red tulips.
mouth. dog looks fingers up a person's are brown in while A its	A brown dog looks up while a person's fingers are in its mouth.
in mountains and a children background the with kite running is Two a a field fence there in	Two children running in a field with a kite there is a fence in the background and mountains
children frames faces. holding their Several to up are picture	Several children are holding up picture frames to their faces.
woman street. bicycle older the rides blond hair with a An down	An older woman with blond hair rides a bicycle down the street.
girls, near little and with candles. four cake Woman	Woman and four little girls, near cake with candles.
water. a A young through with puddle walks shallow coat of a pink girl	A young girl with a pink coat walks through a shallow puddle of water.
a touch to reaching toddler is A up stove.	A toddler is reaching up to touch a stove.
face A backyard. girl young a painted with runs in a	A young girl with a painted face runs in a backyard.
after A ladder someone. the climbing little baby up	A little baby climbing up the ladder after someone.
a There a corner. motorcyclist is professional turning	There is a professional motorcyclist turning a corner.
A woman bags. a man laden subway, a cap peacoat a with in knit in a on sit and	A woman in a knit cap and a man in a peacoat sit on a subway, laden with bags.
many over a backpack man with climbs A rocks.	A man with a backpack climbs over many rocks.
along low surface the of white a rolling red Frisbee cut that A field. is above a jumps dog	A white dog jumps above a red Frisbee that is rolling along the surface of a low cut field.
boy his One dribbles basketball. little	One little boy dribbles his basketball.
A inflatable their down rapids. raft blue the paddle people of group	A group of people paddle their blue inflatable raft down the rapids.
dog white jumps and by a log near black The creek. a	The black and white dog jumps by a log near a creek.
People examine equipment.	People examine equipment.
sand. on the dog A running	A dog running on the sand.
tree. sit against up side people by Two a side	Two people sit side by side up against a tree.
couple after church wedding. outside A a a	A couple outside a church after a wedding.
in Two read children bed.	Two children read in bed.
in tall bikini a grass of body with of girl in wearing water. over front a heart Ypoung setting arms her crossed	Ypoung girl with arms crossed over her heart wearing a bikini setting in tall grass in front of a body of water.
the jump. The in a complete man skateboarder watching the is background	The man in the background is watching the skateboarder complete a jump.
dirt bunch of in a on jeeps people sit their road. A	A bunch of people sit in their jeeps on a dirt road.
Frisbee the a A in snow. with dog	A dog with a Frisbee in the snow.
kicks A windsurfer spray. up	A windsurfer kicks up spray.
on waterski. A person a	A person on a waterski.
watches. a plays telescope little in boy park a a while girl A little with	A little boy plays with a telescope in a park while a little girl watches.
wearing Two one the grass. playing in another dogs, collars, both are with	Two dogs, both wearing collars, are playing with one another in the grass.
his A with head. child on his hands	A child with his hands on his head.
showing purple wearing gold expressions are and facial two different costumes. woman and	two woman are showing different facial expressions and wearing gold and purple costumes.
on jumping a flip doing back trampoline. child a whilst a is	a child is doing a back flip whilst jumping on a trampoline.
a an and gather older young girl, for man a young boy, meal woman A a	A young boy, a young girl, an older woman and a man gather for a meal
girl a shirt A red grass. is in with running the	A girl with a red shirt is running in the grass.
Two with the tennis ball snow. play in dogs a	Two dogs play with a tennis ball in the snow.
body water at A of sunset.	A body of water at sunset.
parade tour a bus People in riding on wave bystanders. to the a	People riding on a tour bus in a parade wave to the bystanders.
little with boy two chickens. A playing rubber	A little boy playing with two rubber chickens.
green female flowers with pink a in skiing. skier hat A	A female skier in a green with pink flowers hat skiing.
he as from puck. player player a untangles white the red in hockey A goes for in	A hockey player in red untangles from a player in white as he goes for the puck.
women The shirts, and wearing singing. red are	The women are wearing red shirts, and singing.
water is something his in black mouth. A dog in orange the with	A black dog is in the water with something orange in his mouth.
looking market in fruit and around. vegetables Shoppers a	Shoppers in a fruit and vegetables market looking around.
volleyball a are Girls bikinis playing of near in game a water. body of	Girls in bikinis are playing a game of volleyball near a body of water.
a dogs track racing on dirt Three	Three dogs racing on a dirt track
rodeo clown rodeo he in older the a around clown as ties sits an dirt. A rope	A rodeo clown ties a rope around an older rodeo clown as he sits in the dirt.
a and door. in front on back man a to a painted woman a colorful with back of building a bench sit	a man and a woman sit back to back on a bench in front of a building with a colorful painted door.
dog the and rolling dog it. in next is while brown a to A over grass brown white stands	A brown dog is rolling over in the grass while a white and brown dog stands next to it.
shirt Mohawk about bowling. a is excited young boy green A with and	A young boy with a Mohawk and green shirt is excited about bowling.
a of sitting front structure eating Popsicles. in Two boys are	Two boys are sitting in front of a structure eating Popsicles.
air of about boys in middle jump the into pond. the to the Five	Five boys in the middle of the air about to jump into the pond.
dog A a along rocky shoreline. white runs	A white dog runs along a rocky shoreline.
with A laying stomach arms his front boy his him. of with on in	A boy with laying on his stomach with his arms in front of him.
plays with A boy night. at sparklers	A boy plays with sparklers at night.
small a branch. black A bird carrying	A black bird carrying a small branch.
a in Kids family the line watching with background standing in	Kids standing in a line with family watching in the background
is a brown white fluffy stuffed dog animal. playing A with	A brown dog is playing with a white fluffy stuffed animal.
play vehicle station. children real in gas Two are a at riding red a	Two children are riding in a red play vehicle at a real gas station.
is a riding toy. a next to stands A who woman child on	A woman stands next to a child who is riding on a toy.
in beach a dog the	a dog in the beach
Swimmer backstroke swimming in lane. does	Swimmer does backstroke in swimming lane.
pink runs a A sprinkler. in through girl	A girl in pink runs through a sprinkler.
in Redskins to A boy a pumpkins. up a scare patch jumps jersey of	A boy in a Redskins jersey jumps up to scare a patch of pumpkins.
the in pigtails with girl plays A water.	A girl with pigtails plays in the water.
a city. the man looks at	a man looks at the city.
a man A mountain. climbing	A man climbing a mountain.
A of car. different ways front to red practice couple wear sunglasses a in	A couple practice different ways to wear sunglasses in front of a red car.
with light-up toy. young his plays A new child	A young child plays with his new light-up toy.
in is puppy laying back the its A grass. on brown	A brown puppy is laying on its back in the grass.
to cross people two the wait street.	two people wait to cross the street.
a rocky atop over the A stands cliff water. man	A man stands atop a rocky cliff over the water.
sprinkler with a dog A playing	A dog playing with a sprinkler
purple her is face. with girl A over a sunning herself towel	A girl is sunning herself with a purple towel over her face.
Man through on air. jumping skateboard, the	Man on skateboard, jumping through the air.
a flags Asian with two girl An square. red in performs routine a	An Asian girl performs a routine with two red flags in a square.
with A and hair girl eyebrows. neon red	A girl with neon red hair and eyebrows.
family A picture	A family picture
extreme over An helmet guidewire red jumping shirt bike a in cyclist and his	An extreme cyclist in red shirt and helmet jumping his bike over a guidewire
attached a a A tree. on platform standing to person	A person standing on a platform attached to a tree.
them. a meal, at woman and with man between dog a A a	A man and a woman at a meal, with a dog between them.
jumps black as A fence. mouth over it in carries its bird dog a a	A black dog carries a bird in its mouth as it jumps over a fence.
in A women and 2 man clothing. dark	A man and 2 women in dark clothing.
next a army to are Two men running pants fence. wearing	Two men wearing army pants are running next to a fence.
A sheep a down dog county road chasing	A dog chasing sheep down a county road
home plate. to tries catcher runner A a to beat	A catcher tries to beat a runner to home plate.
a sits tow truck SUV on the bed Dirty of at night.	Dirty SUV sits on the bed of a tow truck at night.
newspaper. street, A runs carrying down a dog the	A dog runs down the street, carrying a newspaper.
of holds two Man hand children. the	Man holds the hand of two children.
plays girl T-ball. A	A girl plays T-ball.
and in dog is green his white a black mouth. and catching red A object	A black and white dog is catching a red and green object in his mouth.
the A dog through jogs grass.	A dog jogs through the grass.
and The and bodies legs smoking. sitting lower people of	The legs and lower bodies of people sitting and smoking.
a coming small covered child slide. of out A	A small child coming out of a covered slide.
mud muddy pulling Two them behind man spray. while bulls droplets a	Two bulls pulling a muddy man behind them while mud droplets spray.
stunt. is waterskiing on A doing guy board a a	A guy on a waterskiing board is doing a stunt.
boy crawling through A a cement pipeline	A boy crawling through a cement pipeline
A motocross blue air. rider uniform flies a the through wearing	A motocross rider wearing a blue uniform flies through the air.
shirt a little standing on wearing A slide. is boy a red	A little boy wearing a red shirt is standing on a slide.
through brown a a grassy A white dog area. running and	A white and a brown dog running through a grassy area.
dog through is swimming black A water.	A black dog is swimming through water.
scooter and is a girl A helmet purple and her on riding shirt. little wearing a purple	A little girl is riding on her scooter and wearing a purple helmet and a purple shirt.
on along cardboard with sitting men are Two railing. backpacks a	Two men with backpacks are sitting on cardboard along a railing.
children about a Two sculpture of a them. under fish, to lay swallow	Two children lay under a sculpture of a fish, about to swallow them.
dog stick with black a mouth. white swimming its and in A	A black and white dog swimming with a stick in its mouth.
surfboard on A person their water. the above	A person above their surfboard on the water.
his The to owner a hand deflated tries ball dog. to	The owner tries to hand a deflated ball to his dog.
on a A skateboard. a person trick does	A person does a trick on a skateboard.
teenagers convienience outside Slurpees store. a drink Three	Three teenagers drink Slurpees outside a convienience store.
background several staring on a mountain horseback men into	several men on horseback staring into a mountain background
are mountains. ledge a people Several on standing snowy overlooking	Several people are standing on a ledge overlooking snowy mountains.
dark pink sidewalk. leash on A walking skinned white down a a a is boy dog	A dark skinned boy is walking a white dog on a pink leash down a sidewalk.
backyard small boy into pool. a slide down A rides a	A boy rides down a slide into a small backyard pool.
a a at candles. man room two darkened with and in women A sit table	A man and two women sit in a darkened room at a table with candles.
back of large picture of from meetinghall. kind osme taken the a	a picture taken from the back of osme kind of large meetinghall.
in are and boys playing t-shirts. a house shown all wear Four	Four boys are shown in a house playing and all wear t-shirts.
him. watches guitar yellow while a man plays cat a A	A man plays a yellow guitar while a cat watches him.
eats off. table The on as a dog brown a the bowl jumps black wooden dog from	The brown dog eats from a bowl on the wooden table as a black dog jumps off.
a into is singing woman polka dot microphone. top A in a	A woman in a polka dot top is singing into a microphone.
A boy by surrounded pigeons	A boy surrounded by pigeons
small on dog chases ball pavement. tennis a A	A small dog chases a tennis ball on pavement.
A playing is woman volleyball.	A woman is playing volleyball.
dog follows. road the a A person walks as dirt down	A dog walks down the dirt road as a person follows.
fish water. the and large blue leaps from A green	A large green and blue fish leaps from the water.
in front are tan Two of a sofa. fighting dogs black	Two black dogs are fighting in front of a tan sofa.
are two the The side. through running dogs side by water	The two dogs are running through the water side by side.
rocky a side flat of The mountain. large,	The flat side of a large, rocky mountain.
a shepherd leash at somebody. up German A barking on	A German shepherd on a leash barking up at somebody.
a woman on. a A jumps of dog looking with Frisbee	A dog jumps of a Frisbee with a woman looking on.
ball plays with A a with office it. large building dog a behind	A dog plays with a ball with a large office building behind it.
is A pants a snowboarder gray jump. doing in	A snowboarder in gray pants is doing a jump.
tire man the is large deep snowboarding in buried a snow. A over	A man is snowboarding over a large tire buried in the deep snow.
the rides A through a person motorbike air.	A person rides a motorbike through the air.
sumo a in wrestlers two match fighting	two sumo wrestlers fighting in a match
hockey. A in in a field an uniform ball girl hits orange	A girl in an orange uniform hits a ball in field hockey.
front is A a wall. in boy young the of jumping air in concrete	A young boy is jumping in the air in front of a concrete wall.
retrieves the snow. the The is dog Frisbee	The dog retrieves the Frisbee is the snow.
and tree smiling. climbing Little boy	Little boy climbing tree and smiling.
dog a catching in another ring, A dog while watches. midair	A dog in midair catching a ring, while another dog watches.
A an in ramp. the indoor high skateboarder air above	A skateboarder high in the air above an indoor ramp.
motocross race a Two dirt on riders track.	Two motocross riders race on a dirt track.
blue kicks shirt soccer in Man ball.	Man in blue shirt kicks soccer ball.
man over bicycle young jumps a wall off sloped a bench. A a	A young man jumps a bicycle off a sloped wall over a bench.
their person onto holding air high in bicycle. A the jumps	A person jumps high in the air holding onto their bicycle.
holds in haired hands. airplane his blue and wooden The eyed child the blond	The blond haired and blue eyed child holds the wooden airplane in his hands.
he's the as his just hit by bullfighter prey skewers A bull.	A bullfighter skewers his prey just as he's hit by the bull.
yellow in man outfit yellow riding A a motorcycle. a	A man in a yellow outfit riding a yellow motorcycle.
in and black pants green skiing Person downhill jacket	Person in black jacket and green pants skiing downhill
holding child up over swing a parent a	parent holding up a child over a swing
with ball dog mouth. jumping The a his in is	The dog is jumping with a ball in his mouth.
brown The hind and on legs. standing up is dog its white	The brown and white dog is standing up on its hind legs.
balances man A man watches. arm on a knife his as another	A man balances a knife on his arm as another man watches.
down a forest racing dogs Two long haired path.	Two long haired dogs racing down a forest path.
of group stand it. with people a fruit around standing a	a fruit stand with a group of people standing around it.
equipment Boy on playground	Boy on playground equipment
dog in water. holding the a A stick swims	A dog holding a stick swims in the water.
skier jump a high A mountain near from range. a ramp snowy doing a	A skier doing a high jump from a snowy ramp near a mountain range.
a boys Two lifting dirt bike.	Two boys lifting a dirt bike.
people A carries group a sign follow while that reads of girl her. Rescue The a	A girl carries a sign that reads The Rescue while a group of people follow her.
a fence. are field running of front girls a on Three in	Three girls are running on a field in front of a fence.
young into man the water. A leaps	A young man leaps into the water.
black A the in water dog	A black dog in the water
beach. volleyball playing A woman at the	A woman playing volleyball at the beach.
up and them. soldier a line near Army walks vehicles	Army vehicles line up and a soldier walks near them.
on A back riding his motorcycle man on a tire.	A man on a motorcycle riding on his back tire.
denim bearded hat and jacket bench sits a a on wearing A man a park	A bearded man wearing a denim jacket and a hat sits on a park bench
ground a the him. behind walks leash his down white A on dirt path trailing puppy	A white puppy walks down a dirt path trailing his leash on the ground behind him.
make and a in young a boy signs. headscarf woman A peace	A boy and a young woman in a headscarf make peace signs.
Two grass. dogs in playing the black	Two black dogs playing in the grass.
A of women photo. together group for asian standing	A group of asian women standing together for photo.
the on his male small child face. with smile through running A grass a	A small male child running through the grass with a smile on his face.
skateboarding over Someone by steps surrounded buildings.	Someone skateboarding over steps surrounded by buildings.
in hockey Two the air field sticks with players their	Two field hockey players with their sticks in the air
between hardhat wearing rock a two a white and inside stands yellow faces. man shirt crevice a	a man wearing a yellow shirt and white hardhat stands inside a crevice between two rock faces.
outdoors. a boy trick skateboard is doing A	A boy is doing a skateboard trick outdoors.
in a lake. A on boat paddle man a	A man in a paddle boat on a lake.
structure lays building. to against inside a a A down man rest wood	A man lays down to rest inside a wood structure against a building.
Two balls. children colored play with young	Two young children play with colored balls.
playing cricket. and yellow and in A red boy girl	A boy and yellow and girl in red playing cricket.
slide. down A child an orange slides young	A young child slides down an orange slide.
she slide. as screaming is girl A the water off comes	A girl is screaming as she comes off the water slide.
walking down bags shopping the two busy older with street women	two older women walking down the busy street with shopping bags
drinking Brown dog water side from frame. grass, left spray of on	Brown dog on grass, drinking water spray from left side of frame.
on wooden sitting smiling. toddler a horse is A and	A toddler is sitting on a wooden horse and smiling.
player ball A makes tennis and hits serious the a face.	A tennis player hits the ball and makes a serious face.
woman to a hurdle in A dog competition. a a leads tall jump	A woman leads a dog to jump a tall hurdle in a competition.
runs down through with head snow dog Black	Black dog runs through snow with head down
holding in An magazines street. busy a pink two is with woman sunglasses old	An old woman with pink sunglasses is holding two magazines in a busy street.
A in head sweatshirts students and jackets towards of right. group dressed the	A group of students dressed in sweatshirts and jackets head towards the right.
group rock climb a climbers wall of forest. A a rock in	A group of rock climbers climb a rock wall in a forest.
a for child little reaches a bar.	a little child reaches for a bar.
diving young boy a through eyes with the water his open.	a young boy diving through the water with his eyes open.
rock rope climbing up man safety shirtless a lines wall with the	a shirtless man climbing up the rock wall with rope safety lines
with dress a design. black, young wearing girl A white and is a red,	A young girl is wearing a dress with a red, black, and white design.
stadium is an of crowded event. people A watching full	A crowded stadium is full of people watching an event.
are a stairs woman photographing a man in the embracing and on front building. couple A of	A couple on the stairs are photographing a man and woman embracing in front of a building.
rock man A a shorts in face. climbs	A man in shorts climbs a rock face.
whilst the player supported with being rugby line by of ball A runs backs. a	A rugby player runs with the ball whilst being supported by a line of backs.
the rain puddle. A large in through walks greyhound a	A greyhound walks in the rain through a large puddle.
The momma is her of dog litter pups. feeding	The momma dog is feeding her litter of pups.
rock. try large Men up climb a to	Men try to climb up a large rock.
with white on. headlights A car	A white car with headlights on.
funny A wearing to face sweatshirt standing a child next a a makes wagon. blue	A child wearing a blue sweatshirt makes a funny face standing next to a wagon.
bandanna teeshirt jacket on red a it. leather with an wears A over a flag a and man American bearded	A bearded man wears a red bandanna and a leather jacket over a teeshirt with an American flag on it.
on in Two a running dogs of day. field dry a grass clear	Two dogs running in a field of dry grass on a clear day.
man at stunt. doing a skate A a park	A man at a skate park doing a stunt.
Boy a in shirt and skateboarding. white red, blue	Boy in a red, white and blue shirt skateboarding.
flowing around Little on the spinning grass purple is girl skirt. in a	Little girl is spinning around on the grass in a flowing purple skirt.
the across skis child A snowy ground.	A child skis across the snowy ground.
other each standing small a fence. large beside in A dog a are and	A large and a small dog are standing beside each other in a fence.
noodles. A eats person	A person eats noodles.
while " with " walks sign man hair with an making long street. down his hand is a he OK A	A man with long hair is making an " OK " sign with his hand while he walks down a street.
path. a sitting alongside A an with man accordion	A man with an accordion sitting alongside a path.
his camera. as A wearing person is mime he the makeup on at head glasses looks and	A person is wearing mime makeup and glasses on his head as he looks at the camera.
a red climbing shoes wearing tree. child A	A child wearing red shoes climbing a tree.
stroller in a doll. red a hat sitting A a in is holding baby	A baby in a red hat sitting in a stroller is holding a doll.
hanging Two on girls down structure. park upside a	Two girls hanging upside down on a park structure.
and white fence white barking dog. and at A brown through the smaller black dog	A brown and white dog barking through the fence at smaller black and white dog.
rainbow soccer looks the side, orange chalk shirted on ball An to boy the colored as faces he field. striped the	An orange shirted boy looks to the side, as he faces the rainbow colored soccer ball on the chalk striped field.
in woods. black dog jumping the water in A	A black dog jumping in water in the woods.
an a at points another and while in suit girl on. suit orange a girls laughs yellow looks A in girl bathing	A girl in a yellow bathing suit laughs and points at a girl in an orange suit while another girls looks on.
beach. A on dog running black a	A black dog running on a beach.
A on people a group brick stand line in a loose ground. of	A group of people stand in a loose line on a brick ground.
the silver craft waves. A rides	A silver craft rides the waves.
by. a whilst shirt beside pass muscle red for A in man a poses building other a picture people stone	A man in a red muscle shirt poses for a picture beside a stone building whilst other people pass by.
with and water horseback. basketball the a Dogs on a person in	Dogs in the water with a basketball and a person on horseback.
woman bicycle on A stop a picture of action a	A stop action picture of a woman on a bicycle
man A costume in a in drums parade.	A man in costume drums in a parade.
on bike riding A person is tree. a a	A person is riding a bike on a tree.
in pictures cellphone football A man a game. at red takes	A man in red takes cellphone pictures at a football game.
and bluejean dances Little wood floor. in on Girl skirt brown shirt	Little Girl in brown shirt and bluejean skirt dances on wood floor.
on child A back. a is riding man's	A child is riding on a man's back.
side. a man A wearing backpack to the looking	A man wearing a backpack looking to the side.
raft. a holding A boy a on man	A man holding a boy on a raft.
bike wait helmet with Women and for traffic.	Women with bike and helmet wait for traffic.
florist an A in runner passing is shop. outdoor black	A runner in black is passing an outdoor florist shop.
on a deep a that cliff a grassy stands blue ocean. overhangs man	a man stands on a grassy cliff that overhangs a deep blue ocean.
boys boy being the blue with by whilst in runs ball in chased red. The two	The boy in blue runs with the ball whilst being chased by two boys in red.
A on a child ride. swing-type	A child on a swing-type ride.
wearing a by wooden boy A climbs gear climbing pole.	A boy wearing climbing gear climbs by a wooden pole.
a a red shirt man on bicycle. performing wearing is The an aerial stunt	The man wearing a red shirt is performing an aerial stunt on a bicycle.
dog course. Woman leading small an obstacle her through	Woman leading her small dog through an obstacle course.
A other person a three shovel pours water and bucket work near a into people.	A person pours water into a work bucket near a shovel and three other people.
a shite riding boat. a blue looking while orange shirt a man life an in in dog vest at a in	a shite dog in an orange life vest looking at a man in a blue shirt while riding in a boat.
playing front group is people. in man fire with A of of a	A man is playing with fire in front of a group of people.
a tank wearing black man in plaid a red top A hat	A man in a black tank top wearing a red plaid hat
fastest run Race a their down dogs track. sandy	Race dogs run their fastest down a sandy track.
A partly cloudy man a watercraft navigating skies. under	A man navigating a watercraft under partly cloudy skies.
kickboxing woman a match. in Two spar	Two woman spar in a kickboxing match.
a by wall of on sit A beach. group a teens	A group of teens sit on a wall by a beach.
black water. in dog swimming large is white A the and	A large black and white dog is swimming in the water.
drink. A with at in down looks black glasses man a	A man in black with glasses looks down at a drink.
street. to car a city stands officer a next An on	An officer stands next to a car on a city street.
Times Square New in York.	Times Square in New York.
feet his brown a man a on a climbing is metal with plate cliff	a man is climbing a cliff with his feet on a brown metal plate
through dirt. sand riding biker and A dirt is deep	A dirt biker is riding through deep sand and dirt.
a and grey shirt in A balls. six man white juggles black	A man in a grey shirt juggles six black and white balls.
tree A behind forest. hiding a in young a girl	A young girl hiding behind a tree in a forest.
and his wrapping white shirt man Mohawk A brown with arm. a is	A man with a brown Mohawk and white shirt is wrapping his arm.
a up dog and There the to a ball is a in dog grass. jumping get a Frisbee with green	There is a dog with a Frisbee and a dog jumping up to get a ball in the green grass.
dog brown a of a in field white black dog grass. dog a long a and faces	a brown dog faces a black dog and a white dog in a field of long grass.
flat a A squinting while is from with ground water boy being surface. sprayed	A boy is squinting while being sprayed with water from a flat ground surface.
water. wakeboards A choppy man on	A man wakeboards on choppy water.
are making race, a outfit Two in other one turn black. a with the a themed bike, and in motorcyclists red	Two motorcyclists are making a turn in a race, one with a red themed outfit and bike, the other in black.
orange toy mouth. A in carries its an dog	A dog carries an orange toy in its mouth.
white several shopping in a people tented it. fruit with stand	a white tented fruit stand with several people shopping in it.
sprinkler. in orange On in plays wet grass, girl dress little blond	On wet grass, little blond girl in orange dress plays in sprinkler.
of the rocks on the edge young Two near the child water. stand	Two young child stand on the rocks near the edge of the water.
snowboarder over a hill is snowy jumping A	A snowboarder is jumping over a snowy hill
A bush. a writing man behind down something	A man writing something down behind a bush.
brown dog mouth. blue red its in in object A of with white and a front fence a bat-shaped	A brown dog in front of a white fence with a blue and red bat-shaped object in its mouth.
water. in treads A man helmet a	A man in a helmet treads water.
a a at woman man embraces A party. smiling	A woman embraces a smiling man at a party.
in wearing suspenders man midair. A a performs split	A man wearing suspenders performs a split in midair.
fence. a white a pink A a girl to rides in sundress next bike picket	A girl in a pink sundress rides a bike next to a white picket fence.
is next a walking man to on a skateboard. white brown A dog and	A brown and white dog is walking next to a man on a skateboard.
seaweed. dog yellow A carrying rocks is in across covered rope a	A dog is carrying a yellow rope across rocks covered in seaweed.
run people a air making on are a jump. and the is two ski in There one high	There are two people on a ski run and one is high in the air making a jump.
down ball dribbling basketball in The royal boy the uniform blue court. is the	The boy in the royal blue basketball uniform is dribbling the ball down court.
A track. a boy jeans runs in on	A boy in jeans runs on a track.
hat Asian wheelie in a orange his man popping bike. on is	Asian man in orange hat is popping a wheelie on his bike.
McDonalds. colorful a of the Women in in costumes dance in street front	Women in colorful costumes dance in the street in front of a McDonalds.
A are riding a an bikes intersection. their and in man woman	A man and a woman are riding their bikes in an intersection.
is large running grassy brown a A dog backyard. through	A large brown dog is running through a grassy backyard.
pushing red snowploe a A a with boy snow the through hat	A boy with a red hat pushing a snowploe through the snow
wave. is surfer riding The a	The surfer is riding a wave.
jump unison. in group A of lake people into a	A group of people jump into a lake in unison.
adult an the with in plays A dog puppy snow.	A puppy plays with an adult dog in the snow.
A is blonde tiger. a boy little resting petting	A little blonde boy is petting a resting tiger.
, play men Two basketball	Two men play basketball ,
carpeted floor. on with is orange A black a playing puppy an	A black puppy is playing with an orange on a carpeted floor.
and a glass man and A a talking guard smiling are business building. outside security	A business man and a security guard are smiling and talking outside a glass building.
is putting cream of the in mouth. melting boy cone his end A cone a ice	A boy is putting the cone end of a melting ice cream cone in his mouth.
man of cycling wheel is a store. bicycle inside fixing a A the	A man is fixing the wheel of a bicycle inside a cycling store.
a are field. grassy a ball soccer Two fighting players soccer over on	Two soccer players are fighting over a soccer ball on a grassy field.
A a a red yellow boy shirt water head. dumps onto bucket wearing a of girl's out	A boy wearing a red shirt dumps water out of a yellow bucket onto a girl's head.
looks wearing flowered to shirt woman A the a left. and sunglasses	A woman wearing sunglasses and a flowered shirt looks to the left.
breaking riding a on is surfer A wave.	A surfer is riding on a breaking wave.
grass A the is drain. storm on child concrete by sitting a	A child is sitting on the grass by a concrete storm drain.
top The is and dog black dog. over white the of brown	The brown and black dog is over top of the white dog.
The woman orange wearing with a that a hat red decorated huge is feather. is	The woman is wearing a red hat that is decorated with a huge orange feather.
rod the boy The jetty wearing fishing the a standing by looking fence. red over top is	The boy wearing the red top is standing by a fishing rod looking over the jetty fence.
its the an teeth snow A with dog in object ripping	A dog in the snow ripping an object with its teeth
group picture a A of posing with people for behind them. sun the	A group of people posing for a picture with the sun behind them.
ducks and A walk towards some water. the girl	A girl and some ducks walk towards the water.
dummy. martial kicking is arts in A class girl a	A girl in martial arts class is kicking a dummy.
brown Girl in to on white store. blue shirt and with a blue shopping holding and in cart skirt a a hair	Girl with brown hair in a blue shirt and blue and white skirt holding on to a shopping cart in a store.
on jumping a is trick a doing helmet with 4-wheeler. a The person	The person with a helmet is doing a jumping trick on a 4-wheeler.
A from puppy its mother. nursing is	A puppy is nursing from its mother.
The sitting on the grass is in child young a park.	The young child is sitting on the grass in a park.
brown-haired woman a posing picture. and for are The man	The brown-haired man and woman are posing for a picture.
child colorful with The is covered balls.	The child is covered with colorful balls.
a blue in man wearing midair and riding a jumping bike blue	a man wearing blue and riding a blue bike jumping in midair
A tossing a toddler air. the is man into	A man is tossing a toddler into the air.
black is gym. in jersey man a standing in A	A man in a black jersey is standing in gym.
A a plays guitar wearing ninja man the suit	A man wearing a ninja suit plays the guitar
poodle the in A plays snow. black	A black poodle plays in the snow.
near stunt on Young does beach. bicycle man	Young man does stunt on bicycle near beach.
ground snowy skies trees. on among man A the	A man skies on the snowy ground among trees.
chatting Two with bicycle helmets on people bench. a	Two people with bicycle helmets chatting on a bench.
green a standing white toddler A at in pants and fence. shirt wooden blonde a	A blonde toddler in a white shirt and green pants standing at a wooden fence.
pink a wooden baby climbs jacket A steps. girl wearing	A baby girl wearing a pink jacket climbs wooden steps.
take A a snowbank leap. watching a snowboarder a person on high sits	A person sits on a snowbank watching a snowboarder take a high leap.
Two unique boys while wearing outfits. talking	Two boys talking while wearing unique outfits.
snowy and mountain. men some a horses Two on	Two men and some horses on a snowy mountain.
dog. A black	A black dog.
an runs course. A dog white obstacle through	A white dog runs through an obstacle course.
path long a white mountain a wearing down bicyclist a helmet riding	a long bicyclist wearing a white helmet riding down a mountain path
dog A a bites the of on water at black grass. stream	A black dog bites at a stream of water on the grass.
A around. the on people a unicycle person riding other street with is many	A person is riding a unicycle on the street with many other people around.
field hair walks woman wooden A on with a with dark grassy through handrails. a path	A woman with dark hair walks through a grassy field on a path with wooden handrails.
A boy red in the and white beach. at is	A boy in white and red is at the beach.
a grass fence. near wooden Young boy covered in jumping	Young boy covered in grass jumping near a wooden fence.
young The brown boy is coat soccer. a playing wearing	The young boy wearing a brown coat is playing soccer.
a in smiling A front camera, some and the young woman of girl flowers. for	A woman and a young girl smiling for the camera, in front of some flowers.
canopy floating blue waters. boat yellow calm on a A with is	A blue boat with a yellow canopy is floating on calm waters.
catches jumps Frisbee the grass. dog as A a it on	A dog catches a Frisbee as it jumps on the grass.
ball. in sand plays dog with a A the	A dog plays in the sand with a ball.
and carrying old walking three ladies purses	three old ladies walking and carrying purses
in a very dog the brown stick. a of holding water closeup large	closeup of a brown dog in the water holding a very large stick.
building. front white sitting a wooden are in on people of trees by Two a bench	Two people are sitting on a wooden bench by trees in front of a white building.
running. A with black dog purple collar a is	A black dog with a purple collar is running.
an and baby on overturned articles a floor on basket floor. the with A	A baby on a floor with an overturned basket and articles on the floor.
in One and at team white of a members brown the baseball is bat. of	One of the members of a baseball team in brown and white is at bat.
the on player orange tennis tennis court. wearing a outfit an	a tennis player wearing an orange tennis outfit on the court.
A some with sits steps bike. his on cyclist	A cyclist sits on some steps with his bike.
water. slide wading slides inflatable floating into boy toys with pool a trunks down a blue yellow the in in swimming A	A boy in blue swimming trunks slides down a yellow slide into a wading pool with inflatable toys floating in the water.
wearing is blue his on and boy is midair. A shirt in a bike	A boy on his bike is wearing a blue shirt and is in midair.
is chasing A grey larger on dog grass. brown a smaller dog the	A larger brown dog is chasing a smaller grey dog on the grass.
racing in race dog professional Dogs a	Dogs racing in a professional dog race
the mountainside. yellow backpack a along climber A a with snowy ridge of walks	A climber with a yellow backpack walks along the ridge of a snowy mountainside.
middle the person day. ocean a the in kayaks of on grey A	A person kayaks in the middle of the ocean on a grey day.
dogs with ears white and Two up brown on in heads. green grass black, running	Two black, brown and white dogs running in green grass with ears up on heads.
Two car. in a play near kids red grass the	Two kids play in the grass near a red car.
A stand white to on encouraging its legs in man small dog is show. a a hind dog	A man is encouraging a small white dog to stand on its hind legs in a dog show.
The the walking the dog on leash through is small snow.	The small dog on the leash is walking through the snow.
stroller. on with grass the and A sit a couple baby	A couple sit on the grass with a baby and stroller.
going and dog black area in wooded trail White down dog	White dog and black dog going down trail in wooded area
in girl bubble red blowing a shirt	girl in red shirt blowing a bubble
couple to by a alley an walking people open of	an alley open to a couple of people walking by
riding his street. a the down helmet a man wearing bicycle	a man wearing a helmet riding his bicycle down the street.
a on sits A man sidewalk.	A man sits on a sidewalk.
play the in slush. children Two melting	Two children play in the melting slush.
leaping dog is brown beach. the There a on	There is a brown dog leaping on the beach.
a A small in dog is running the standing past tan light grass. large brown dog	A small light tan dog is running past a large brown dog standing in the grass.
the are down on two The ice. players hockey	The two hockey players are down on the ice.
a being The by foot. black puppy is touched	The black puppy is being touched by a foot.
crossing. a on coat woman crossing a pedestrian hat road blue the A and is in	A woman in a blue hat and coat is crossing the road on a pedestrian crossing.
on holding a and game head. its sitting floor over Baby controller	Baby sitting on floor and holding a game controller over its head.
skateboarder A rail. stair down a sliding	A skateboarder sliding down a stair rail.
bench. moves a skateboarder A doing on	A skateboarder doing moves on a bench.
a there overalls focus. that girl wearing and is smiling shirt and is child out another is pink A of	A girl wearing a pink shirt and overalls is smiling and there is another child that is out of focus.
jump makes sun boy setting him. a with with behind bike dirt a the A	A boy makes a jump with a dirt bike with the sun setting behind him.
identification and # Grey muzzle is yellow with 8 with striped the running. dog	Grey dog with muzzle and with the # 8 yellow striped identification is running.
scene out in two a audience. an front people of acting	two people acting out a scene in front of an audience.
man race. an wearing suit orange in A a riding bicycle a	A man wearing an orange suit riding a bicycle in a race.
a Two and laughing a in swing playing are tire park. children at	Two children are laughing and playing in a tire swing at a park.
over rider wearing a jumps hole. dirt green bmx a	a bmx rider wearing green jumps over a dirt hole.
shed. a jumps a snowboarder over	a snowboarder jumps over a shed.
water. rock near Two climbing people	Two people rock climbing near water.
walk buzy sidewalk. Women down a	Women walk down a buzy sidewalk.
hockey a red playing a guarding jacket in child A goal. street	A child in a red jacket playing street hockey guarding a goal.
the near runs dog along a A beach waves.	A dog runs along a beach near the waves.
A triangle. playing a black with small of brown yellow dog is tug a large war wearing dog	A small black dog is playing tug of war with a large brown dog wearing a yellow triangle.
brown snow. dog small running A across is	A small brown dog is running across snow.
group flowers in red A street. a hold the white of on gowns of side brides	A group of brides in white gowns hold red flowers on the side of a street.
and a red wearing A shirt sits reads cement on bench a the paper. man	A man wearing a red shirt sits on a cement bench and reads the paper.
hat small in standing on is a beach. wearing A sand boy a wet	A small boy wearing a hat is standing in wet sand on a beach.
with women standing red two who marks are wearing black. with mouth around Man	Man with red marks around mouth standing with two women who are wearing black.
midair in a over man parasailing the ocean young	a young man parasailing in midair over the ocean
about over another wooden fence leaps to. a is as A dog	A dog leaps over a wooden fence as another is about to.
white a on necklace her in object The has in the a lady hand. shirt multi-colored	The lady in the multi-colored shirt has a necklace on a white object in her hand.
time a city Busy intersection in the summer in	Busy intersection in the summer time in a city
grey black ball at dog tennis the a catches a and beach	a black and grey dog catches a tennis ball at the beach
a A the jumping on a over bike bench in person park.	A person on a bike jumping over a bench in the park.
and two standing white pose. a in in men all bald prayer women Two dressed bald	Two bald men and two bald women dressed in all white standing in a prayer pose.
beach in and the A line. walk woman three on a children	A woman and three children walk on the beach in a line.
a and white woman male jacket black reported young in a interviewing a	a male reported in a black and white jacket interviewing a young woman
A is her cellphone. woman jacket orange an in talking on	A woman in an orange jacket is talking on her cellphone.
and woman wearing short street. walks down boots, the shorts A tall a helmet,	A woman wearing a helmet, tall boots, and short shorts walks down the street.
paint. young A sitting mess of child a in	A young child sitting in a mess of paint.
race, horses riders around and going track. There in horse a a are	There are riders and horses in a horse race, going around a track.
mid in jump. A on a person snowmobile	A person on a snowmobile in mid jump.
barriers. A concrete a down bicycle rides a road with man	A man rides a bicycle down a road with concrete barriers.
yellow Two play-fighting. dogs	Two yellow dogs play-fighting.
in behind dressed A man in dogs four snow. sleds clothing warm the	A man dressed in warm clothing sleds behind four dogs in the snow.
blonde walks brunette a t-shirt wearing black black pushes woman A and while gray and white dog. bottoms shorts top white a a a wearing a stroller male brown	A blonde woman wearing a white top and black bottoms pushes a black stroller while a brunette male wearing a gray t-shirt and white shorts walks a brown dog.
in dogs Four water splashing the	Four dogs splashing in the water
the are and air. on in the People kite a is beach there	People are on the beach and there is a kite in the air.
a A a and helmet wetsuit wall. front of in man in red	A man in a wetsuit and helmet in front of a red wall.
race on out car of a spinning racetrack. a control	a race car spinning out of control on a racetrack.
group of a in bikes A sitting on people are dirt field. grassy	A group of people are sitting on dirt bikes in a grassy field.
dogs Two other. each are smelling	Two dogs are smelling each other.
walks a backpack and woman A with a hat, outdoors. sunglasses	A woman with a hat, sunglasses and a backpack walks outdoors.
red is polka dune. in A bikini a girl off jumping sand a dot	A girl in a red polka dot bikini is jumping off a sand dune.
table very in a place. a A colorful lady at is sitting alone	A lady is sitting at a table alone in a very colorful place.
boy holds a while another watches. An lady toddler older	An older lady holds a toddler while another boy watches.
A large in beach. water the the bird stands on	A large bird stands in the water on the beach.
players action. Basketball in	Basketball players in action.
A man and hat winter in grey sweatshirt skateboarding. a purple	A man in a grey winter hat and purple sweatshirt skateboarding.
child yard playing is with inside toys in a a other A toy a with clothing fence. purple and	A child in purple clothing is playing with a toy inside a yard with other toys and a fence.
Seven in American camera. doing towards blue footballers are victory a run	Seven American footballers in blue are doing a victory run towards camera.
Two hydrant. dogs the on fire pee	Two dogs pee on the fire hydrant.
A child goes skiing.	A child goes skiing.
a by. the on man are people walks waiting as curb Three	Three people are waiting on the curb as a man walks by.
kids ride boat in the water. The a	The kids ride a boat in the water.
A bird spread. with soars wings	A bird soars with wings spread.
group of clothes. colorful children African in dressed are A	A group of African children are dressed in colorful clothes.
stands A near person walls. golden	A person stands near golden walls.
a toy with in backyard. dogs wrestle Two the	Two dogs wrestle with a toy in the backyard.
pool into a ball. while A boy jumps holding a	A boy jumps into a pool while holding a ball.
cement rollerblading young in park. boy a skate A	A young boy rollerblading in a cement skate park.
the A sidewalk. rides a down on man unicycle	A man rides on a unicycle down the sidewalk.
wave. off a on person a A parasail jumps	A person on a parasail jumps off a wave.
dog black lake. A in a and swimming brown	A black and brown dog swimming in a lake.
dog through the A black swims water.	A black dog swims through the water.
blue is with girl a Mohawk walking. A	A girl with a blue Mohawk is walking.
orange shirt child with a an in A book.	A child in an orange shirt with a book.
large hair A boy long his with body young blond around a with innertube drapped	A young blond boy with long hair with a large innertube drapped around his body
man leather black in jacket Black	Black man in black leather jacket
near his a boy skateboard steps house. A over leaps off some	A boy leaps off his skateboard over some steps near a house.
down the to Four in people shopping jump one a is and walking trying street cart.	Four people walking down the street and one is trying to jump in a shopping cart.
woman has feathery scarf. pink, a The	The woman has a pink, feathery scarf.
ball in catches a sunny yard dog a Brown	Brown dog catches a ball in a sunny yard
jump dock the Two off into the lake. children	Two children jump off the dock into the lake.
smaller brown A large a field while in brown on. walks grassy dog green, a dog relaxes light	A large brown dog relaxes in a green, grassy field while a smaller light brown dog walks on.
barrier and A that a brown is black dog jumps white. over	A brown dog jumps over a barrier that is black and white.
boy the from yellow in soccer and the the The ball blue team. away dribbles shirt white	The boy in the white shirt dribbles the soccer ball away from the yellow and blue team.
man swampy on steers a motorcycle terrain A through	A man on a motorcycle steers through swampy terrain
A guy jumping. red in	A guy in red jumping.
boy petting little sleeping A dog. is a large very	A little boy is petting a very large sleeping dog.
girl brown a at a A swings in white and uniform softball.	A girl in a white and brown uniform swings at a softball.
is the on a performing in skateboard a jump a park. man	a man is performing a jump on a skateboard in the park.
purple A a cape wearing dog green and small	A small dog wearing a purple and green cape
boat the is city a background. the in with a white There bay in	There is a white boat in the bay with a city in the background.
in tan A scared splashing white dog water. and looks while the	A tan and white dog looks scared while splashing in the water.
woman a straw Caucasian wearing hat. a shirt in A blue blond	A blond Caucasian woman in a blue shirt wearing a straw hat.
of backyard. four dancing children A in group a	A group of four children dancing in a backyard.
at a a Two play ball. polo with pool a water net swimmers in	Two swimmers in a pool play at a net with a water polo ball.
the a white in circle. has on The seven car red number side the	The red car has the number seven on the side in a white circle.
is shots water man from a of bald camera. A body taking a of	A bald man is taking shots of a body of water from a camera.
an inflatable slide. child A down going	A child going down an inflatable slide.
and boy. young woman A a	A woman and a young boy.
in finds big, mud playing sloppy a area in girl ! little joy of A	A little girl finds joy in playing in a big, sloppy area of mud !
on through jumps to the sofa. land A little the girl air	A little girl jumps through the air to land on the sofa.
on sitting An man a elderly bench.	An elderly man sitting on a bench.
the woods. Two a path in running down dogs	Two dogs running down a path in the woods.
another with are small blonde a inside small a dog. and child boy A doghouse brown cushion	A small blonde boy and another small child are inside a cushion doghouse with a brown dog.
is kid in his front skateboard of off showing The large a on crowd.	The kid is showing off on his skateboard in front of a large crowd.
the a table A of off man rides a over steps. skateboard picnic	A man rides a skateboard off of a picnic table over the steps.
pajamas little girl down hardwood hall in with runs a A floors.	A little girl in pajamas runs down a hall with hardwood floors.
A contestant racetrack. a Special Olympics runs on	A Special Olympics contestant runs on a racetrack.
a beside dogs are white sheep. standing four black	four white dogs are standing beside a black sheep.
A plaza. pigeons crowd scene with in a	A crowd scene with pigeons in a plaza.
water. splashing the dog in A	A dog splashing in the water.
young hand. A on his dances adult	A young adult dances on his hand.
stands the man overhang cliff. on a A of	A man stands on the overhang of a cliff.
dog. and One yellow with one toy dog black a	One black dog with a toy and one yellow dog.
the black dressed is A in girl posing for camera.	A girl dressed in black is posing for the camera.
wearing Two muzzles brown field. dogs grassy through a race	Two brown dogs wearing muzzles race through a grassy field.
red player is white basketball The in player the challenging in ball. for the	The basketball player in red is challenging the player in white for the ball.
Man down with a overhead. a clouds riding bicycle road	Man riding a bicycle down a road with clouds overhead.
man surfing wetsuit is a in a	a man in a wetsuit is surfing
ocean. the A waves windsurfer in of the	A windsurfer in the waves of the ocean.
bat. A boy the little red swing in Pooh is waiting T-shirt to his a Winnie	A little boy in a Winnie the Pooh T-shirt is waiting to swing his red bat.
people them. and a with behind down building the to of bulls are coming street The them right the	The bulls are coming down the street with people to the right of them and a building behind them.
walking the sled. through Two children and a carrying snow	Two children and walking through the snow carrying a sled.
a through raingear is The dragging in puddle. broom child a	The child in raingear is dragging a broom through a puddle.
dog golden golden in in a dog mouth field. fence in green blue stands to next its with grassy object of a a front another a	a golden dog with a blue object in its mouth stands next to another golden dog in front of a green fence in a grassy field.
in to his who the One has hand another looks man next the air. distance into	One man looks into the distance next to another who has his hand in the air.
playing girl softball, swing. a taking A	A girl playing softball, taking a swing.
finds his water trek. during spelunker The	The spelunker finds water during his trek.
through runs his a with in a dog stick A field mouth.	A dog runs through a field with a stick in his mouth.
and of wears carries a a mask boy bread. bags wrestling	a boy wears a wrestling mask and carries bags of bread.
rubble. is tan dog pile down climbing of concrete a A	A tan dog is climbing down a pile of concrete rubble.
about A man of a from to group are watch people Armenian a speak genocide. podium gathered	A group of people are gathered to watch a man speak from a podium about Armenian genocide.
orange an of rushes black and white A dog tunnel. out	A white and black dog rushes out of an orange tunnel.
wearing smiles child standing the A small snow. while in winter clothes	A small child wearing winter clothes smiles while standing in the snow.
awards are dog with a over its the toy, A bar. small jumps bar on	A small dog jumps over a bar with its toy, awards are on the bar.
leaning over blue red a the top in top, women bottoms, down a Two blue Asian one smiles. in in top, one something while woman white in the	Two Asian women in red bottoms, one in a blue top, one in a white top, leaning down over something while the woman in the blue top smiles.
are muddy Two dogs racing equipment ground. running on wearing	Two dogs wearing racing equipment are running on muddy ground.
a blays black a ball. yellow and man dog with A	A man blays with a black dog and a yellow ball.
on An grinding rail. skater in-line a	An in-line skater grinding on a rail.
a A in toy runs yellow the background. holding fall, bench dog dog in	A dog runs holding a yellow dog toy in fall, bench in the background.
his is on riding the boy scooter sidewalk. The	The boy is riding his scooter on the sidewalk.
4 sporting number is greyhound racing. A	A greyhound sporting number 4 is racing.
gate. at the side is dog horse brown looking of A on other the black the	A brown dog is looking at the black horse on the other side of the gate.
white the its mouth a with is grass. across open running dog	a white dog is running with its mouth open across the grass.
and white is A girl pink up sweater tree looking branches. through in a	A girl in a white and pink sweater is looking up through tree branches.
scales boy wall. the a	a boy scales the wall.
red ball. for grass, running Dog on	Dog on grass, running for red ball.
running beach. across sandy of three a dogs rocky, A group	A group of three dogs running across a rocky, sandy beach.
A tries catch red a to ball. small dog	A small dog tries to catch a red ball.
front makeup. to little her wearing do dress of blue in A mirror a girl the stands	A little girl wearing a blue dress stands in front of the mirror to do her makeup.
in sits fancy woman a A against wall a building.	A woman sits against a wall in a fancy building.
holding poster two up with small is A man people a in it.	A man is holding up a small poster with two people in it.
at its dogs the beside One run is dog bearing as other water. the they two teeth	One dog is bearing its teeth at the other two dogs as they run beside the water.
A in tosses girl girl a a blue. pink wearing snowball	A girl in pink tosses a snowball a girl wearing blue.
stands A on children. lady surrounded the by street, school	A lady stands on the street, surrounded by school children.
in fur fur outside hat and a a A building. coat stands woman	A woman in a fur hat and fur coat stands outside a building.
street corner. on poses Man	Man poses on street corner.
young a are a group wall tall front brick on in street A a of wooden with standing adults of gate.	A group of young adults are standing on a street in front of a brick wall with a tall wooden gate.
in Man dog agility shirt watches an course. red on	Man in red shirt watches dog on an agility course.
with filled dog a on cart shopping a An man street. large a old to is belly the next and	An old man with a large belly is next to a filled shopping cart and a dog on the street.
boy t-shirt a is wearing field. and in A grassy jeans a walking young	A young boy wearing a t-shirt and jeans is walking in a grassy field.
rolling yellow lawn. dog on green the Big around	Big yellow dog rolling around on the green lawn.
in nearby is red a woman staring kitchen is A items. while is pink woman posing	A woman in pink is staring while a woman is red is posing nearby kitchen items.
and nose. tag snow a the white licking brown with gold black collar its and dog A from	A brown and white dog with a black collar and gold tag licking the snow from its nose.
towel A under wet a at pool. child a shivers	A wet child shivers under a towel at a pool.
camera. very smiling This man the big at is	This man is smiling very big at the camera.
at yellow and the top girl sits in a slide. A young of red jeans	A young girl in jeans sits at the top of a red and yellow slide.
through splashing Dog swimming and water.	Dog swimming and splashing through water.
skins bench. sitting wearing animal green Man on a	Man wearing animal skins sitting on a green bench.
A wearing plays rope. jump girl shorts	A girl wearing shorts plays jump rope.
beach on woman, girls barefoot. two walk the and man, A	A man, woman, and two girls walk on the beach barefoot.
small a on girl bed. A is sofa jumping	A small girl is jumping on a sofa bed.
girl girl taking One another is of picture a outside.	One girl is taking a picture of another girl outside.
people in kitchen Four a site	Four people site in a kitchen
that have faces painted kids their Three	Three kids that have their faces painted
A guitar. while playing laughing is woman	A woman is laughing while playing guitar.
a at A walk woman man market. a and flea	A man and a woman walk at a flea market.
girl a A swing. a on of little closeup	A closeup of a little girl on a swing.
boy an older and yellow substance. face covered male's creamy licks that's blue in A a	A boy licks an older male's face that's covered in a blue and yellow creamy substance.
a track around muzzled several dogs racing greyhound	several muzzled greyhound dogs racing around a track
white of surface two the the geese ocean on	two white geese on the surface of the ocean
a building. vaulting in is white a pole of man front	a man is pole vaulting in front of a white building.
a ground. man and stare the at woman A	A man and a woman stare at the ground.
man a shirt swing young a set blue a off jumping wearing	a young man wearing a blue shirt jumping off a swing set
at boys pool. naked a Two	Two naked boys at a pool.
t-shirt jeans woman at display A street. a magazine looking on in and the a skirt	A woman in a jeans skirt and t-shirt looking at a magazine display on the street.
pole the beach a boy on the fishing in casts A water.	A boy on the beach casts a fishing pole in the water.
in are girls shallow Two standing without water shoes.	Two girls are standing in shallow water without shoes.
field. dog Black through runs brown and	Black and brown dog runs through field.
is bird flight. large in mid A	A large bird is in mid flight.
something black The dog on the in yard. pouncing is	The black dog is pouncing on something in the yard.
band the a in studio	a band in the studio
stairway. standing a in of students Three front together	Three students standing together in front of a stairway.
The in the performed the black shirt street the person a while in crowd stunt watched.	The person in the black shirt performed a stunt in the street while the crowd watched.
out front fire A of him. boy sprinklers holds in little	A little boy holds fire sprinklers out in front of him.
is in dog A sand. standing the	A dog is standing in the sand.
picture. together, girls are Two posing a standing for	Two girls are standing together, posing for a picture.
down a kids bed Two on laying upside	Two kids laying on a bed upside down
grass sand, running A dog in in the the background.	A dog running in the sand, grass in the background.
A field. dog in a running ball with is a that	A dog with a ball that is running in a field.
A all and has little over a her mouth. her finger her in girl in lower food highchair face	A little girl in a highchair has food all over her lower face and her finger in her mouth.
beam a A dog over jumping	A dog jumping over a beam
building a stand street. a outside near Peoople	Peoople stand outside a building near a street.
man staircase. white on the skateboard A above a through air his flies	A man flies through the air on his skateboard above a white staircase.
running dogs in side the side field. by are Two	Two dogs are running side by side in the field.
cigarette. A man smoking is a a in blue shirt outside standing	A man in a blue shirt is standing outside smoking a cigarette.
river kayaking rapids. Man down	Man kayaking down river rapids.
from rope at A the camera smiling swing. girl a	A girl smiling at the camera from a rope swing.
Young a nose. pen sitting her girl with black in	Young girl sitting with a black pen in her nose.
present. an computers with stand enclosed Two inside multiple men area	Two men stand inside an enclosed area with multiple computers present.
Two grass running next a dogs to street. through	Two dogs running through grass next to a street.
A background. trees swings high the in with child	A child swings high with trees in the background.
above flying are waves. the crashing Seagulls	Seagulls are flying above the crashing waves.
shirt a blue green is hiking in through man foliage. A	A man in a blue shirt is hiking through green foliage.
The larger at smaller barking is dog the dog.	The larger dog is barking at the smaller dog.
rock shadow over as little her climbing up rock. girl A a the mom's casting is is	A little girl is climbing up a rock as her mom's shadow is casting over the rock.
colorful display in front of standing of Person candy.	Person standing in front of colorful display of candy.
costume the The man is hat riding clown a in bike and	The man in the clown costume and hat is riding a bike
catching a Frisbee. Small dog	Small dog catching a Frisbee.
a with is The playing sitting man guitar cat. and	The man is playing guitar and sitting with a cat.
boy playing The UNO. is	The boy is playing UNO.
woman a returns ball. the tennis	a woman returns the tennis ball.
warning. a road snowboarder A over jumping	A snowboarder jumping over a road warning.
A super soaker a a of into the dog. man spraying mouth	A man spraying a super soaker into the mouth of a dog.
in small wades shoreline. child the deep The the water on ankle	The small child wades ankle deep in the water on the shoreline.
jump rider bmx holding performs bike the his A a just while with hands.	A bmx rider performs a jump while holding the bike with just his hands.
green slide. tubular plastic slides down Child	Child slides down green plastic tubular slide.
of two There street women two the front crossing in are buses.	There are two women crossing the street in front of two buses.
like with man eyes Jack young up Sparrow. dressed is A brown	A young man with brown eyes is dressed up like Jack Sparrow.
little a structure toy. stands play in holds blonde smiling green holds A and girl a	A smiling little blonde girl holds stands in a play structure and holds a green toy.
A headphones. a shirt white is and blue woman wearing in shorts	A woman in a white shirt and blue shorts is wearing headphones.
a a swing. child swinging green young on	a young child swinging on a green swing.
pool. in an empty A skateboarder	A skateboarder in an empty pool.
a A dog jumps small toward ball on leash a pink	A small dog on a leash jumps toward a pink ball
a basketball. uniform in person dunking A	A person in uniform dunking a basketball.
A standing in field flying are kites. of group people a	A group of people are standing in a field flying kites.
dogs a soggy field. Three run through	Three dogs run through a soggy field.
crawls asphalt. little on along Asian A boy	A little Asian boy crawls along on asphalt.
measures man A the of snow. depth	A man measures the depth of snow.
beach. Dalmation runs along A a	A Dalmation runs along a beach.
boy in orange bubbles. an A plays short in	A boy in an orange short plays in bubbles.
and a around with man old sunglasses An kids watch	An old man with sunglasses and a watch around kids
climbing. The person is striped in shirt the mountain	The person in the striped shirt is mountain climbing.
child a Distorted a photograph bottom slide. of the at of	Distorted photograph of a child at the bottom of a slide.
a dog beach on the running	a dog running on the beach
by A barks snow. surrounded dog brown white	A brown dog barks surrounded by white snow.
people by white jeans. poster huge and model his male black pass a of a unzipping	people pass by a huge black and white poster of a male model unzipping his jeans.
woman younger walks in A a chatting. past sweater two women red are who	A woman in a red sweater walks past two younger women who are chatting.
the hill down dirt a trail. A woman bicycles on	A woman bicycles down the hill on a dirt trail.
of vehicle sit another followed vehicle. open the people a back shadow by in Two in	Two people sit in shadow in the open back of a vehicle followed by another vehicle.
brown wooden on shirts wearing platform. tug Two at a boys a rope	Two boys wearing brown shirts tug at a rope on a wooden platform.
a is dog wasteland. white and through walking brown some	a brown and white dog is walking through some wasteland.
something shirt. mouth a shirt a in A a with in and pink white dog yellow dog in his	A dog in a pink shirt with something white in his mouth and a dog in a yellow shirt.
in a and rack and girl shirt. a with sidewalk a dresses of jeans There is red a	There is a sidewalk with a rack of dresses and a girl in jeans and a red shirt.
laying his on swing a boy stomach, on a	a boy laying on his stomach, on a swing
a behind. paddles from an kayak as approaches kayaker in A red kayak orange	A kayaker in a red kayak paddles as an orange kayak approaches from behind.
on A smoking a is to steps. cigarette man sitting talking lady who a	A man smoking a cigarette talking to a lady who is sitting on steps.
walking is path forest. down a a in A corgi	A corgi is walking down a path in a forest.
two a men huddle around dog.	two men huddle around a dog.
of and a two a man walk across pack mules A in field mountain. front	A man and two pack mules walk across a field in front of a mountain.
and black the A dog brown haired long through runs grass.	A long haired black and brown dog runs through the grass.
a A game. boy throws a basketball during	A boy throws a basketball during a game.
pool. A does girl the backstroke in the	A girl does the backstroke in the pool.
in into while a A swim jumping in man pose pool trunks a strange is	A man in swim trunks is jumping into a pool while in a strange pose
bag street. down carrying his the Man walking shoulder	Man carrying his shoulder bag walking down the street.
game. over teenagers basketball a during fighting are a The	The teenagers are fighting over a basketball during a game.
grabs a field. brown dog A a Frisbee possessively purple in	A brown dog possessively grabs a purple Frisbee in a field.
dirt the mud. young A riding through boy bike a	A young boy riding a dirt bike through the mud.
has dark foreground. stands A in her girl another shirt eyes painted the stripes under a while girl in	A girl in a dark shirt has stripes painted under her eyes while another girl stands in the foreground.
river. a paddled yellow lone, A being through canoe	A lone, yellow canoe being paddled through a river.
in through a and sits pants on flannel ship railing. the man looking shirt out a A black	A man in a flannel shirt and black pants sits on a ship looking out through the railing.
being water. child a A gun with with sprayed water	A child with a water gun being sprayed with water.
carpet. on three the men sit	three men sit on the carpet.
walk backpacks People and to nature of on the trees nets left a with with them.	People on a nature walk with nets and backpacks with trees to the left of them.
dogs are away being owners. The by their two pulled	The two dogs are being pulled away by their owners.
dance fabric. Some while girls waving gauzey	Some girls dance while waving gauzey fabric.
small girls a stall. in crouch Two	Two girls crouch in a small stall.
woman lake. A laughing a by	A woman laughing by a lake.
white together. Two running the in dogs grass	Two white dogs running in the grass together.
is The girl with children. pink the game a playing in the other shirt light	The girl in the light pink shirt is playing a game with the other children.
smiles she A white across girl beach runs sandy as her swimsuit. the in	A girl smiles as she runs across the white sandy beach in her swimsuit.
through dog zigzag to is man The a poles. training	The man is training a dog to zigzag through poles.
smiling camera. young for A girl the	A young girl smiling for the camera.
boy little of water. lifting the A out man a	A man lifting a little boy out of the water.
a stands egret the rock edge at river. a of An on	An egret stands on a rock at the edge of a river.
smoking with hat straw cigarette a man a a crowd A is with nearby.	A man with a straw hat is smoking a cigarette with a crowd nearby.
shirt the is teenager striped road ocean. no wearing a a long skateboarding down and shorts A	A teenager wearing striped shorts and no shirt is skateboarding down a road a long the ocean.
Black head. dog wet shaking and white its	Black and white dog shaking its wet head.
flop Large carrying outside. pink a poodle white flip	Large white poodle carrying a pink flip flop outside.
a A is taking venue, dark and watching in crowd is performance one man a a photo.	A crowd is watching a performance in a dark venue, and one man is taking a photo.
with people her gray a Older is bench woman setting she on a and jacket black past pants. wearing walking	Older woman setting on a bench with people walking past her she is wearing a gray jacket and black pants.
carrying A sign of jacket stop smiling is front a in at woman a in crane. hi-viz person a	A woman in a hi-viz jacket is smiling at person carrying a stop sign in front of a crane.
stay dry with city. trying umbrellas to People the in	People trying to stay dry with umbrellas in the city.
to climber brown A by colored a rock attached ropes face. is	A climber is attached by ropes to a brown colored rock face.
white smiling. yellow a with is long wearing A girl dark hair shirt and	A girl with long dark hair wearing a yellow and white shirt is smiling.
beside street. Man him bicycle riding a on a woman as walks	Man riding a bicycle as woman walks beside him on a street.
girl ocean. the swimsuit A in walks blue into a	A girl in a blue swimsuit walks into the ocean.
are Some a front building. white playing in cricket men of	Some men are playing cricket in front of a white building.
colorful dance Girls in outfits.	Girls dance in colorful outfits.
two flags girl A and blonde American	A blonde girl and two American flags
and A boy in a baby truck. ridable a	A boy and a baby in a ridable truck.
boy dog looking black a water a another the shirt a at in and white in dog	a boy in a white shirt and a black dog looking at another dog in the water
three steps. is skateboarder A jumping down	A skateboarder is jumping down three steps.
blue tree is broken sitting in girl stump. The on shorts a	The girl in blue shorts is sitting on a broken tree stump.
tan in carrying Two their snow dogs mouths. balls the red in run	Two tan dogs run in the snow carrying red balls in their mouths.
muddy jeep driving the through A forest.	A muddy jeep driving through the forest.
snow. Three the in each dogs chasing other	Three dogs chasing each other in the snow.
outside as two young to girls item while watch stand them young couple boys off side. show two barn the a A an	A couple watch as two young boys show them an item outside a barn while two young girls stand off to the side.
shore. dog the running through the white A is onto water	A white dog is running through the water onto the shore.
a A girl fountain in young in pants plays water area. red	A young girl in red pants plays in a water fountain area.
A a cables to shirt blue person with attached white and wearing him. shorts	A person wearing a white shirt and blue shorts with cables attached to him.
in blue a carries bucket. a boy	a boy in blue carries a bucket.
from opposite Two teams play basketball together. men	Two men from opposite teams play basketball together.
carry things. Two in small her and girl a men uniform	Two men in uniform carry a small girl and her things.
wall. girl climbs A small rock a	A small girl climbs a rock wall.
with adult in ninja-like costume Two along a are boys posing an	Two boys are posing along with an adult in a ninja-like costume
ball. dog is the a a red black collar wearing in little blue with A leaves	A little black dog wearing a red collar is in the leaves with a blue ball.
A in down a the slides skateboarder rail stair dark.	A skateboarder slides down a stair rail in the dark.
horse jockey A on a is riding course.	A horse jockey is riding on a course.
sticking child is wall. wooden paper The letters to a	The child is sticking paper letters to a wooden wall.
are of on a children Four sand. hill playing	Four children are playing on a hill of sand.
walking shirt a a blond woman wearing sidewalk. young a down yellow	a young blond woman wearing a yellow shirt walking down a sidewalk.
making is circuit. a a racing on sponsored motorcyclist turn A	A sponsored motorcyclist is making a turn on a racing circuit.
jumps riding motorcycle over A a a ramp. man blue	A man riding a blue motorcycle jumps over a ramp.
playing Five Asian fountain. a in girls	Five Asian girls playing in a fountain.
bag. reaching The the a in man jacket blue white into is	The man in the blue jacket is reaching into a white bag.
a pink white picket fence. A a girl rides dress her along bike in	A girl in a pink dress rides her bike along a white picket fence.
run. kicked Sand is as up animals two	Sand is kicked up as two animals run.
mud. in Four boys sit the	Four boys sit in the mud.
black of White 8 pack front with of # dogs dog and jacket yellow in in race	White dog with yellow and black # 8 jacket in front of pack of dogs in race
playing black large in Two are grassy dogs field. a	Two large black dogs are playing in a grassy field.
pink a spot with and spot. doors in A blue of is a standing glass front man	A man is standing in front of glass doors with a blue spot and a pink spot.
building. A small group large of outside portrate office a	A large group portrate outside of a small office building.
on A stands his another dog on. legs while dog hind looks	A dog stands on his hind legs while another dog looks on.
in boy shirt in pants a light flannel little the air. thrown is and A	A little boy in a flannel shirt and light pants is thrown in the air.
fallen middle branches a man A on of the tree. sitting in	A man sitting in the middle of branches on a fallen tree.
front are mountain kites a of air Three in the in range.	Three kites are in the air in front of a mountain range.
A sleds. child	A child sleds.
out. through the hanging dog with its tongue grass A runs	A dog runs through the grass with its tongue hanging out.
green jumping of green motorcyclist dressed is motorcycles green with A a row over a motorcycle in	A motorcyclist dressed in green with a green motorcycle is jumping over a row of green motorcycles
obstacle through course collie A an running is	A collie is running through an obstacle course
in shirt a A large gray man wall. rock climbs a	A man in a gray shirt climbs a large rock wall.
A waves a flowers in a hat, vest man a parade. bowler and low cut in	A man in a bowler hat, a low cut vest and flowers waves in a parade.
smokes a glasses A with man cigarette.	A man with glasses smokes a cigarette.
body a with of water. near A poles sits man fishing	A man sits with fishing poles near a body of water.
to rope young mesh. suspended next girl A by a	A young girl suspended by rope next to a mesh.
stands mountain A man a lake. a and on trees overlooking	A man stands on a mountain overlooking trees and a lake.
climb man A snowy up mountain. a	A man climb up a snowy mountain.
jumping dog open. the wide water brown in A big his is mouth and has	A big brown dog is jumping in the water and has his mouth wide open.
the is edge. at fishing man water's The	The man is fishing at the water's edge.
climbing tunnel. a long young through girl a	a young long girl climbing through a tunnel.
headphones a a on sits man with on. bicycle stop A at light	A man on a bicycle sits at a stop light with headphones on.
in snow the Two dogs	Two dogs in the snow
person steep incline. a rappels A down	A person rappels down a steep incline.
Oklahoma a a Wisconsin player during football running game. after player	Oklahoma football player running after a Wisconsin player during a game.
down is The hill. skiing snowy man a	The man is skiing down a snowy hill.
ski on snowy a a jump skier	a skier on a snowy ski jump
concrete down Cyclist biking a stairway.	Cyclist biking down a concrete stairway.
wearing on hill body in a green suit standing a the rocks with large background. some Woman	Woman wearing a body suit standing on some large rocks with a green hill in the background.
Three white an running towards a man older boys teenage in shirt. are	Three teenage boys are running towards an older man in a white shirt.
front an in tree. sits man An evergreen unshaven of	An unshaven man sits in front of an evergreen tree.
musicians on the Four performing street.	Four musicians performing on the street.
large of people gathered. are group A	A large group of people are gathered.
on his bike. motorcycle stands top A rider of	A motorcycle rider stands on top of his bike.
midair is people. raft guy the full of in behind A	A guy in midair is behind the raft full of people.
beach. wading water the is through A towards child	A child is wading through water towards the beach.
blue man A is wearing a jersey basketball shooting basketball. the	A man wearing a blue basketball jersey is shooting the basketball.
woman A face painted a with smiling.	A woman with a painted face smiling.
children ocean. boarding practicing boogie are in Two the	Two children are practicing boogie boarding in the ocean.
leg with tape a his boy wrapped blue in	a boy with his leg wrapped in blue tape
the for shorts on a sitting in up posing Man in rock camera.	Man in shorts in sitting up on a rock posing for the camera.
obstacles. black pole A runs through white dog and	A black and white dog runs through pole obstacles.
around black water. and dog jumping in body colored a a white of	a black and white colored dog jumping around in a body of water.
is boy playing on African-american playground.	African-american boy is playing on playground.
track element is along with a A biker located wooded area. riding a	A biker is riding along a track element located with a wooded area.
Two swing. swinging on tire a children	Two children swinging on a tire swing.
with ball background dogs a the a Frisbee dog runs for Two jump in same tennis the as	Two dogs jump for the same tennis ball as a dog runs with a Frisbee in the background
yellow walking young children down sidewalk with backpacks a two	two young children with yellow backpacks walking down a sidewalk
dog field. a in A running	A dog running in a field.
bike with bridge. over a rides woman A her bags pink	A woman with pink bags rides her bike over a bridge.
A the water. dog into black running	A black dog running into the water.
in walking black A and dog wet tan sand. small	A small black and tan dog walking in wet sand.
chasing something after brown dog A	A brown dog chasing after something
sniffing is A white dog brown dog lying that floor. a the is on	A brown dog is sniffing a white dog that is lying on the floor.
two and outside. a hiking There men are kid	There are two men and a kid hiking outside.
a dog off is A the black race. completely ground in while	A black dog is completely off the ground while in a race.
boys donut in inflatable grab an water. onto Three the	Three boys grab onto an inflatable donut in the water.
women outside. and dresses Three in head scarves	Three women in dresses and head scarves outside.
an tortoise strawberry. is being fed The	The tortoise is being fed an strawberry.
grass sliding innertube a an young the boy in on	a young boy sliding on the grass in an innertube
covered bubbles. boy is in A	A boy is covered in bubbles.
surfs in the A man blue ocean. in	A man in blue surfs in the ocean.
A baby laughs.	A baby laughs.
to part people at some a a take picture gather	some people at a part gather to take a picture
into sign distance. A is the sunglasses look a four people man other in holding while	A man in sunglasses is holding a sign while four other people look into the distance.
from man drinks a water. of riding bicycle bottle a A	A man riding a bicycle drinks from a bottle of water.
setting. rural a Two along trot dogs ground frozen in brown	Two brown dogs trot along frozen ground in a rural setting.
little A a top snow mound. of on boy is	A little boy is on top of a snow mound.
soccer blue. front runs in in of A player red one in	A soccer player in red runs in front of one in blue.
skier A mountains. in the	A skier in the mountains.
walking women street. across Two in skirts a	Two women in skirts walking across a street.
to with soccer red in kid in struggles A white kid a as to get ball. he a falls	A kid in red falls as he struggles with a kid in white to get to a soccer ball.
A jumps in a competition. boy gymnastic	A boy jumps in a gymnastic competition.
A with fountain. plays a child	A child plays with a fountain.
people Two rock are climbing.	Two people are rock climbing.
and boy are a pool. Man swimming in	Man and boy are swimming in a pool.
some A is sand. in jumping dog	A dog is jumping in some sand.
boy hands in with the walks fists. down A street wearing his black	A boy wearing black walks down the street with his hands in fists.
fire. a has tackle a The to car ready firefighter hose	The firefighter has a hose ready to tackle a car fire.
front are a of in fountain Little kids playing people. in lots of water	Little kids are playing in a water fountain in front of lots of people.
dressed street. on A stands boy snowy in black a teenage	A teenage boy dressed in black stands on a snowy street.
people large a of on sunny day. group kites fly A	A large group of people fly kites on a sunny day.
dog a A black are a and black a in dog field dog, grassy and brown white	A brown dog, a black dog and a black and white dog are in a grassy field
outside. pool baby a shirt in a in boy small A blue splashes water	A small boy in a blue shirt splashes water in a baby pool outside.
dress. green a is girl wear A	A girl is wear a green dress.
elderly crosses a crosswalk. blue red in in the An street and woman	An elderly woman in blue and red crosses the street in a crosswalk.
are with war of playing building. blue of a dogs front tug in Two object a	Two dogs are playing tug of war with a blue object in front of a building.
men middle are a riding a city. in boat of the wooden in Three	Three men are riding in a wooden boat in the middle of a city.
man together. a pose and woman for A picture	A man and woman pose for a picture together.
pool mouth. in the ball to a has dog brown The its next swimming	The brown dog next to the swimming pool has a ball in its mouth.
a building. A of the dog in front in grass	A dog in the grass in front of a building.
in at look crouches plants Dog camera. to	Dog in plants crouches to look at camera.
a his in with A something head holding man rope. and red a is shaved on mouth to	A man with a shaved head and something in his mouth is holding on to a red rope.
woman sunglasses. wearing A	A woman wearing sunglasses.
dress red black woman dance wears her. behind a while and people a mask A	A woman wears a red dress and a black mask while people dance behind her.
A white playing and child nearby is with blue soccer soccer onlookers. a ball	A child is playing soccer with a blue and white soccer ball nearby onlookers.
flies off is A a to sign. snowboarder red big atomic which of a jump next	A snowboarder flies off of a jump which is next to a big red atomic sign.
martial in costume jumping Man midair. in arts-style	Man in martial arts-style costume jumping in midair.
male A young surfing.	A young male surfing.
building. swings outside A a around boy woman a	A woman swings a boy around outside a building.
A pond. a carries stick big across frozen a dog	A big dog carries a stick across a frozen pond.
painting. man woman a on near and sitting A a phone	A man on a phone and woman sitting near a painting.
past a a backpack hiker carrying A waterfall. walking is	A hiker carrying a backpack is walking past a waterfall.
dress bubbles. in A girl as pink a young blows a dances woman	A young girl in a pink dress dances as a woman blows bubbles.
a the throws boy into air. leaves	a boy throws leaves into the air.
an steer indoor rope Two corral. from cowboys horseback in a	Two cowboys rope a steer from horseback in an indoor corral.
on a A girl dandelion. blows	A girl blows on a dandelion.
ball. about the A boy to kick in playing blue, a soccer,	A boy in a blue, playing soccer, about to kick the ball.
is walking the through The lady water.	The lady is walking through the water.
see at the of a group cars. drag from A beginning fire and the race the watch people	A group of people watch a drag race at the beginning and see the fire from the cars.
in jacket. black storefront front A brick a wearing a of man standing is	A man is standing in front of a brick storefront wearing a black jacket.
watching are stunt. The boys bicycle a	The boys are watching a bicycle stunt.
on a is skier hill. snow A covered	A skier is on a snow covered hill.
uggs, a in blue next walks in A gray sweater black to many woman and sweat suit. a tights	A woman in uggs, black tights and gray sweater walks next to a many in a blue sweat suit.
in is it motion. of jumps a off A swing child while	A child jumps off of a swing while it is in motion.
still grassy a in standing brown bird field. A is	A brown bird is standing still in a grassy field.
in a tent. African sitting children bamboo Three	Three African children sitting in a bamboo tent.
A as among runs young a beach birds fly him. child along	A young child runs along a beach as birds fly among him.
are campfire of a sitting at group people around A night.	A group of people are sitting around a campfire at night.
A a small three band stage. on person performs	A three person band performs on a small stage.
across trick railed is skier A performing a uniformed object. a yellow	A yellow uniformed skier is performing a trick across a railed object.
the snow. A in toddler bundled-up	A bundled-up toddler in the snow.
standing A fence white a in young a fountain. of in dress front and	A young in a white dress standing in front of a fence and fountain.
red two classic car. of side checkered clad holding girls flags on standing each a scantily	two scantily clad girls holding checkered flags standing on each side of a classic red car.
near a with handicap boy brick red A standing blue, wall shirt a signs. with stripes in	A boy in a red shirt with stripes standing near a blue, brick wall with handicap signs.
boy on skateboarding is The stairs. the	The boy is skateboarding on the stairs.
an running down obstacle. dog while barking is The	The dog is barking while running down an obstacle.
four pose unusual architectural playfully structure in kids	four kids playfully pose in unusual architectural structure
woman A from walking man and away outdoor a an market.	A man and a woman walking away from an outdoor market.
a man on. a rifle looks shoots dog A while	A man shoots a rifle while a dog looks on.
stone a wall. A legs on dog standing Pug looking is up over two	A Pug dog is standing up on two legs looking over a stone wall.
or Two dancing children are playing inside.	Two children are playing or dancing inside.
standing A is by dry. dog himself river a shaking white	A white dog is standing by a river shaking himself dry.
man Bearded climbing. rock	Bearded man rock climbing.
A group are men white running. a of wearing woman pants and army and shirt	A group of men and woman wearing army pants and a white shirt are running.
with blond Two hair. hair one with brown and little boys	Two little boys with brown hair and one with blond hair.
legs dog on in flowers. costume dangling to hind reach Small stands	Small dog in costume stands on hind legs to reach dangling flowers.
smiles as pirate a dressed a largley. boy	a boy dressed as a pirate smiles largley.
jumps into some water. off A man the rocks	A man jumps off some rocks into the water.
bike. a person A red on	A person on a red bike.
chicken a next building. A dog a to and	A dog and a chicken next to a building.
for posing individuals camera. dressed up like are animals Two the	Two individuals dressed up like animals are posing for the camera.
a yellow of front of group The a shirt in in up walks girl kids awards. holding	The girl in a yellow shirt walks in front of a group of kids holding up awards.
the kids Two and dog snow. play in a	Two kids and a dog play in the snow.
shoot player ball. preparing The Florida to basketball the is	The Florida basketball player is preparing to shoot the ball.
standing man a while outside. and A smile camera for woman the	A man and a woman smile for the camera while standing outside.
a A skiing woman slope. down	A woman skiing down a slope.
playing man the with his dog on the blanket A floor. on	A man playing with his dog on the blanket on the floor.
a jumps through bandanna hoop. A with dog	A dog with a bandanna jumps through hoop.
Eight the fighting men street. in	Eight men fighting in the street.
in covered floor child and A powder. white	A child and floor covered in white powder.
it. car behind smoke curve, A with race yellow in a	A yellow race car in a curve, with smoke behind it.
little girl sand a A pink in the dune on beach. bathing jumps a suit up at	A little girl in a pink bathing suit jumps up on a sand dune at the beach.
field. a white dog green Wolf-like through chasing wiffle ball	Wolf-like dog chasing white wiffle ball through a green field.
kids aged the Four school gym are playing dodgeball in	Four school aged kids are playing dodgeball in the gym
A garbage drawing. a painted and spray near man stands	A man stands near garbage and a spray painted drawing.
little A a dog Chihuahua. chases	A little dog chases a Chihuahua.
down skier skiing large a mountain A	A skier skiing down a large mountain
wet through at A runs a beach. dog surf the	A wet dog runs through the surf at a beach.
while skateboarder watch. spectators A jumps	A skateboarder jumps while spectators watch.
boys indoor soccer. little Several play	Several little boys play indoor soccer.
out dogs the of a toy Two carry ocean.	Two dogs carry a toy out of the ocean.
asian long-sleeved young a magazine. t-shirt orange holds a boy in A	A young asian boy in a orange long-sleeved t-shirt holds a magazine.
on trees leaping in a with his A background. hill the bike over boy	A boy on his bike leaping over a hill with trees in the background.
a a brick blue hat building. striped walking shirt is purple in man and past and A	A man in a blue and purple striped shirt and hat is walking past a brick building.
inside fenced be to rough appear Three playing dogs a enclosure.	Three dogs appear to be playing rough inside a fenced enclosure.
face being to The avoid his person with newspaper photographed. blocks	The person blocks his face with newspaper to avoid being photographed.
her A at girl is riding night. bike	A girl is riding her bike at night.
ocean. beach a in is A on umbrella the to next bathing suit purple under a the sitting woman black	A woman in a black bathing suit is sitting under a purple umbrella on the beach next to the ocean.
they as the Two the same stick walk their dogs in mouths sand. on carry	Two dogs carry the same stick in their mouths as they walk on the sand.
kids riding on sleds Two	Two kids riding on sleds
is playing a stream. blue in boy little A in	A little boy in blue is playing in a stream.
him white eating woman behind on purple while her looking his and shirts has a to confused The man is white and look right face. the polka-dotted	The man white purple and white polka-dotted shirts is eating and looking to his right while the woman behind him has a confused look on her face.
woman a on man a romantically A kissing path. park	A man romantically kissing a woman on a park path.
playing Basketball are men Two	Two men are playing Basketball
top or of a A rock man on sunset. the watching is mountain standing	A man is standing on top of a rock or mountain watching the sunset.
on A stands hiker distance. hill the a into looking	A hiker stands on a hill looking into the distance.
a sitting at a large shirt in A person white table. shorts and	A large person in shorts and a white shirt sitting at a table.
on outfit pink she a baby A on pacifier, is a a with woman. has with chair another and	A baby with a pink outfit on has a pacifier, and she is on a chair with another woman.
skater long a beside wall slides down A a staircase.	A skater slides down a wall beside a long staircase.
in the to brown gives An of look astonishment older camera. gentleman a	An older gentleman in brown gives a look of astonishment to the camera.
dog chases geese. two A	A dog chases two geese.
dogs Two the over run a carrying brown grass red toy.	Two brown dogs run over the grass carrying a red toy.
on busk people young group of corner. a street A	A group of young people busk on a street corner.
pool. leaps into A colored inground dog tan the	A tan colored dog leaps into the inground pool.
A boy on skateboards a wooden bench.	A boy skateboards on a wooden bench.
in Two snow. standing dogs	Two dogs standing in snow.
the car. race are a rear of from Flaming shooting	Flaming are shooting from the rear of a race car.
man a fishes A tree by morning the mist. in	A man fishes by a tree in the morning mist.
with the playing nearby. Two in an grass dogs adult	Two dogs playing in the grass with an adult nearby.
is miniature in field. running straw dog A strewn breed a	A miniature breed dog is running in a straw strewn field.
while look girls laugh other girls Two on.	Two girls laugh while other girls look on.
woman in purple people rubs dress on. her other A head as a look	A woman in a purple dress rubs her head as other people look on.
A loose leash a road on is dirt white with dog a	A white dog with a loose leash is on a dirt road
during helmet yellow riding blue winter is time. road while a jacket a bicycle and wearing a rider The on	The bicycle rider is wearing a yellow jacket and a blue helmet while riding on a road during winter time.
yellow dogs ball. the grass in play with Two a	Two dogs play in the yellow grass with a ball.
shirt a The and wearing is white sunglasses. man	The man is wearing a white shirt and sunglasses.
a boy plays toy. in small A blue plastic tunnel	A small boy plays in a plastic blue tunnel toy.
rock picture. sitting for A man to a pose a huge on	A man sitting on a huge rock to pose for a picture.
woman sit A public man on transportation. and together	A man and woman sit together on public transportation.
his goes down a American with with a arms flag, boy wearing t-shirt slide flung A the out.	A boy wearing a t-shirt with the American flag, goes down a slide with his arms flung out.
A black looking up brown small is and puppy	A small black and brown puppy is looking up
hurdle. jumping A a dog over	A dog jumping over a hurdle.
blue playing green with Two and dogs a ball.	Two dogs playing with a blue and green ball.
person a a through rides A trail. forest bicycle	A person rides a bicycle through a forest trail.
are step a posed and outstretched Eight in fashion. women arms men with	Eight men and women are posed with arms outstretched in a step fashion.
in in celebrates. a A blue purple while ball curls in wrestler up one	A wrestler in purple curls up in a ball while one in blue celebrates.
sit of sides memorial. both a People on	People sit on both sides of a memorial.
at. dress another that child is looking holding child a A	A child holding a dress that another child is looking at.
outside boys Two play a building.	Two boys play outside a building.
dogs Two are toy black fighting a over	Two black dogs are fighting over a toy
carrying A white field dog a grass. dog is a through toy black of high	A black dog is carrying a white dog toy through a field of high grass.
grass. shepherd German in A playing water the with	A German shepherd playing with water in the grass.
Golden by a foggy A man day. the bridge on Gate surfs	A man surfs by the Golden Gate bridge on a foggy day.
Dog woman running away on seashore. from the	Dog running away from woman on the seashore.
beach near a dog tan stumps. wood runs along A	A tan dog runs along a beach near wood stumps.
is a from red a dog emerging tunnel. black	a black dog is emerging from a red tunnel.
a drink with a takes a shirt A green water from fountain. woman	A woman with a green shirt takes a drink from a water fountain.
next by fence A bikes orange an ride the to couple ocean.	A couple ride bikes next to an orange fence by the ocean.
the and man A suit young float girl in on a bathing in pink together a an water. inflatable tube	A man and a young girl in a pink bathing suit float together on an inflatable tube in the water.
its water. the A flaps wings while in duck out	A duck flaps its wings out while in the water.
crotch man a red rocket. A on	A man on a red crotch rocket.
is splashing water. A white in dog running and and black	A black and white dog is running and splashing in water.
seen silhouette. at man sunset in A ocean, and looks the the	A man looks at the sunset and the ocean, seen in silhouette.
in over riding is up air hill trail. a and dirt a the Someone bicycle	Someone riding a bicycle is up in the air over a dirt and hill trail.
smiles. A and in animal a fleecy holds a girl jacket stuffed little	A little girl in a fleecy jacket holds a stuffed animal and smiles.
people backlit Two with light sky.	Two people backlit with light sky.
at a Two beach. playing dog the are waves	Two dog are playing the waves at a beach.
players him. standing A coach his with football behind	A football coach standing with his players behind him.
a snow. relection water looking to in golden at its next retriever A	A golden retriever looking at its relection in water next to a snow.
white a girl and a the stands boy of in fountain a the middle A in coat in laughs. background	A girl in a white coat stands in the middle of a fountain and a boy in the background laughs.
wet a bouncing trampoline. trunks on kids in black Two	Two kids in black trunks bouncing on a wet trampoline.
man park. off bicycle is ramp skate A in jumping a his a	A man is jumping his bicycle off a ramp in a skate park.
the been running has uncut path a made along is that The through grass. dog	The dog is running along a path that has been made through the uncut grass.
overlooking on bench lake. sitting A a man a dog a holding	A man holding a dog sitting on a bench overlooking a lake.
stunt in trick A while off him the go does man up fireworks around air a bike	A stunt man does a bike trick up in the air while fireworks go off around him
on in a runners front road of mountain ridge. a Marathon	Marathon runners on a road in front of a mountain ridge.
in snowy outdoors landscape. a making drinks Woman	Woman making drinks outdoors in a snowy landscape.
with the running small in through ball yellow mouth. grass a The brown its is dog	The small brown dog is running through the grass with a yellow ball in its mouth.
green woman out. in a and coat knit cap A block, a on stone looking its	A woman in a knit cap and green coat its on a stone block, looking out.
the at boys a volleyball three net beach. play football a with near	three boys play with a football near a volleyball net at the beach.
dresses in festive large dancing women large banner. in are Three is holding up a while street crowd city a them behind a	Three women in festive dresses are dancing in a large city street while a large crowd is behind them holding up a banner.
leaping woman's hand. the small toward in is dog the The air	The small dog is leaping in the air toward the woman's hand.
in the play dogs Two water.	Two dogs play in the water.
A a mountain. climbs steep person	A person climbs a steep mountain.
their two small a van a climbing only bench wearing in boys underwear	two small boys wearing only their underwear climbing a bench in a van
strange building the young a shirt white blue background with man in a wearing a	a young man wearing a blue shirt with a strange white building in the background
in is a by " pepco " two jerseys by men being red played Baseball sign.	Baseball is being played by two men in red jerseys by a " pepco " sign.
in red very man A sign writing. hat holds coat blue a with and a small	A man in a blue coat and red hat holds a sign with very small writing.
dog A bird pool. black the mouth a in grabs in its	A black dog grabs a bird in its mouth in the pool.
pool. walking along black of the a is A side dog	A black dog is walking along the side of a pool.
a hat A is a an leading woman course. dog small with obstacle through	A woman with a hat is leading a small dog through an obstacle course.
running next the to other on dogs are each Two grass.	Two dogs are running next to each other on the grass.
pulls in on a train Commuters platform the subway as	Commuters on a subway platform as the train pulls in
across a the a dog. runs furry with wearing grass red A shirt boy	A boy wearing a red shirt runs across the grass with a furry dog.
in participates parade. in A a man costume a	A man in a costume participates in a parade.
dirt bike person water. the near course through rides on a a A	A person on a bike rides through a dirt course near the water.
for with people people and two blood the picture smiles on faces three the posing big of	three people posing for the picture with big smiles and blood on the faces of two people
air. the up is blond The girl jumping in	The blond girl is jumping up in the air.
kick ball. soccer two players a soccer	two soccer players kick a soccer ball.
sled and snowy Children on plays hill. a a dog	Children sled and a dog plays on a snowy hill.
a fence. jumping and The horse are over rider	The horse and rider are jumping over a fence.
wearing headscarf black Girl desert. walks in	Girl wearing black headscarf walks in desert.
blue papers A a a wearing man wearing for coat. coat another tan man signs	A man wearing a tan coat signs papers for another man wearing a blue coat.
blue grey of Two are in car. front boys in shirts a	Two boys in blue shirts are in front of a grey car.
licks shaggy with its snow nose. dusted dog A	A shaggy dog dusted with snow licks its nose.
a the stick. fight over water Two in dogs	Two dogs in the water fight over a stick.
meeting while his spoke. at head person scratching is man a a A	A man is scratching his head at a meeting while a person spoke.
playing is his in park young boy with mother. A the	A young boy is playing in the park with his mother.
on Three the in forest. platform boys a	Three boys on a platform in the forest.
with jewelry. decked out all girl is razzling A	A girl is all decked out with razzling jewelry.
ground. dry dogs on two the play	two dogs play on the dry ground.
hay cylindrical a black from is dog bale. A leaping	A black dog is leaping from a cylindrical hay bale.
a little wearing girls, hanging pink Two tube. on	Two little girls, wearing pink hanging on a tube.
a canal. Two next standing to waterway people are	Two people are standing next to a waterway canal.
to group group, women swimsuits of other. A each orange in a in stand talking	A group of women in orange swimsuits stand in a group, talking to each other.
while another A colorful child watches slides a child slide down	A child slides down a colorful slide while another child watches
in The tennis with the ball dogs a yard. playing are	The dogs are playing with a tennis ball in the yard.
newly wed in umbrella stand An couple under older the rain. an	An older newly wed couple stand under an umbrella in the rain.
game, one the in while is one another man a down. has foot During soccer air	During a soccer game, one man is in the air while another has one foot down.
getting A boy shower a	A boy getting a shower
the in towards A grass dog dog lying a down. walks	A dog walks in the grass towards a dog lying down.
the at the girl suit in beach. The little bathing posing is blue	The little girl in the blue bathing suit is posing at the beach.
bench. on One two a and woman men	One woman and two men on a bench.
dog a with dog show. man at a runs his	a man runs with his dog at a dog show.
dhe runs fur in dog sun its golden A striking park, fur. the gith	A dog gith golden fur runs in dhe park, the sun striking its fur.
man through type a are bike, a of on the pulling snow. The dogs	The dogs are pulling a man on a type of bike, through the snow.
green uniforms. in uniforms white Two and boys white with boys basketball two blue in and play	Two boys in green and white uniforms play basketball with two boys in blue and white uniforms.
large kicking A a ball kids. kid surrounded by while other	A kid kicking a large ball while surrounded by other kids.
tree hamming bunch a it climbing on A of kids up. and are	A bunch of kids are climbing on a tree and hamming it up.
The does a a behind waterskier boat. flip	The waterskier does a flip behind a boat.
with to wearing look teenage A tough tries on. boy black jewelry all cheap	A teenage boy wearing all black tries to look tough with cheap jewelry on.
black wearing brown small The pink tutu. down and is a	The small brown and black down is wearing a pink tutu.
large raft are choppy water. a group in of on people A	A group of people are in a large raft on choppy water.
striped women Tattoed a top backpack. wearing in	Tattoed women in striped top wearing a backpack.
flown mountain background. being a kites with Bright are	Bright kites are being flown with a mountain background.
of mountain red the on a helmet a background. in mountains is and with top other A clothes man in snow	A man in snow clothes and a red helmet is on top of a mountain with other mountains in the background.
playing a plaza. four children fountain a city are in water in	four children are playing in a water fountain in a city plaza.
A hike people dog mountainside. group a of and one up three green	A group of three people and one dog hike up a green mountainside.
into a child swing placed child being adult by young a another	a young child being placed into a child swing by another adult
and riding on waves. on One one man man a surfboard light surfboard a laying	One man riding a surfboard and one man laying on a surfboard on light waves.
A the in water. a ball dog has chases dropped that	A dog chases a ball that has dropped in the water.
water. Two white and dog one dogs and tan down the racing near tan beach the	Two tan and white dogs and one tan dog racing down the beach near the water.
lake. A a sitting a of canoe man in on shore the	A man sitting in a canoe on the shore of a lake.
is tall a person A a off building. diving performing stunt	A person is performing a diving stunt off a tall building.
are patio dogs Two outside near furniture.	Two dogs are outside near patio furniture.
men sign wall. Two young a a stand against holding	Two young men stand holding a sign against a wall.
A surfboard. on guy a	A guy on a surfboard.
snow the trees. by in hike People surrounded	People hike in the snow surrounded by trees.
helmets. uniforms in athletes and red Three white and	Three athletes in red and white uniforms and helmets.
white man a Arabic in hat. An	An Arabic man in a white hat.
flips doing on beach. the girls Three back	Three girls doing back flips on the beach.
background boy blue in a small with the flowers running sidewalk shorts a down in	a small boy in blue shorts running down a sidewalk with flowers in the background
red on child a A slide.	A child on a red slide.
man A is skeleton sitting outfit clean on a printed motorcycle. in a	A man in a skeleton printed outfit is sitting on a clean motorcycle.
dress by yellow on bedspread flowers. laid girl the small in the The surrounded	The small girl in the yellow dress laid on the bedspread surrounded by flowers.
blue a river-rapids battle the in Rafters raft	Rafters in a blue raft battle the river-rapids
Several work on people a machine.	Several people work on a machine.
a carrying Children a woman grocery of a look statue at bag.	Children look at a statue of a woman carrying a grocery bag.
street. a A across man looking	A man looking across a street.
red playing ball. of and a are one on carrying them Two the grass, is brown dogs	Two brown dogs are playing on the grass, and one of them is carrying a red ball.
jersey an white on field. the a in one one jersey, in Two players, orange and football play	Two football players, one in an orange jersey and one in a white jersey, play on the field.
of bread. A little eating is girl a piece	A little girl is eating a piece of bread.
a over a midair dirt in trick BMX biker performing course. A	A BMX biker performing a trick in midair over a dirt course.
camera. stand together group of the look and people at A	A group of people stand together and look at the camera.
Two young with children playing paper. toilet	Two young children playing with toilet paper.
a at and beach. People camels	People and camels at a beach.
a riding a tractor girls on ride on farm. Four sit	Four girls ride sit on a riding tractor on a farm.
his a ball dog A road running a leaves. covered in down in mouth with	A dog with a ball in his mouth running down a road covered in leaves.
wire a link bridge crossing woman wooden a	a woman crossing a wooden link wire bridge
the is The haired little up slope. blond child walking	The little blond haired child is walking up the slope.
air. a jumped A pink the girl into shirt has in	A girl in a pink shirt has jumped into the air.
green and white large bottoms all tops of a in group young people dressed	a large group of young people all dressed in white tops and green bottoms
airborne. man wheeled I a is and pedal riding is 3 bike	I man is riding a 3 wheeled pedal bike and is airborne.
white of is on dog mountain. walking A top a	A white dog is walking on top of a mountain.
walking skirt an in concrete bridge. Woman on orange	Woman in an orange skirt walking on concrete bridge.
A bodysurfs. shirtless man	A shirtless man bodysurfs.
a stands to man a in shirt pink in man A orange. next	A man in a pink shirt stands next to a man in orange.
blue in in and the girl A hay. a red sweater skirt little is	A little girl in a red sweater and blue skirt is in the hay.
A Takes male the half advantage of pipe. skateboarder	A male skateboarder Takes advantage of the half pipe.
basketball. boy A shoot gets to ready a	A boy gets ready to shoot a basketball.
nearby. with on 5 are owners brown their leashes dogs There	There are 5 brown dogs on leashes with their owners nearby.
grass on dog running between course A is a the brown in obstacles	A brown dog is running in the grass between obstacles on a course
camel Two people stand a containers with to strapped him. by	Two people stand by a camel with containers strapped to him.
water girls Two near seashore. the the are in swimsuits in playing	Two girls in swimsuits are playing in the water near the seashore.
over bar. wet dog jumps a a	a wet dog jumps over a bar.
in legged. and a shirt young black white gold and hat A sits cross man	A young man in a white shirt and gold and black hat sits cross legged.
in pool. a underwater Two boys are swimming	Two boys are swimming underwater in a pool.
Two and are dogs the white in little snow. orange	Two little orange and white dogs are in the snow.
dog a THe rest in park. the takes	THe dog takes a rest in the park.
climbing a A cliff face. man	A man climbing a cliff face.
on individuals numerous walking to are sell a Two carrying products beach.	Two individuals carrying numerous products to sell are walking on a beach.
a holding is dog The toy. yellow	The dog is holding a yellow toy.
yellow white runs blue with carrying a collar toy. while dog A a	A white dog with a blue collar runs while carrying a yellow toy.
grass little through dog a field a running brown of	a little brown dog running through a field of grass
wheeler four on a midair does Person stunt.	Person on four wheeler does a midair stunt.
ocean. riding in wave huge surfer the a A lone	A lone surfer riding a huge wave in the ocean.
in children and on snow. a the trampoline Several jumping	Several children and jumping on a trampoline in the snow.
a table. the background computer in standing beside with people Two on with tree equipment photograhi equipment	Two people with photograhi equipment standing beside a tree with computer equipment in the background on table.
rocky on A peak. a man	A man on a rocky peak.
the playing man A dogs and 4 beach. on	A man and 4 dogs playing on the beach.
after red in running uniforms soccer ball. a soccer Two girls	Two girls in red soccer uniforms running after a soccer ball.
covered a on field snow. playing are Four dogs in	Four dogs are playing on a field covered in snow.
river. dog swimming The a is holding the branch, in	The dog is holding a branch, swimming in the river.
building. people a a gather large group There in winter in of of is front are coats	There is a group of people in winter coats are gather in front of a large building.
metal sitting A a man chair. blue in	A man sitting in a blue metal chair.
fairground on ride. a children Two are	Two children are on a fairground ride.
A young manually. snow child plows	A young child plows snow manually.
sidewalk. Rollerblades on A man the travelling down	A man on Rollerblades travelling down the sidewalk.
people jumping water. clear Seven blue into the	Seven people jumping into the clear blue water.
stand The and outside. woman together dressed man warmly	The warmly dressed man and woman stand together outside.
blue in A by a shirt standing boy shore. lake a	A boy in a blue shirt standing by a lake shore.
hands both the A with making victory is sign boy	A boy is making the victory sign with both hands
sunset. are mountains skiers towards the Cross-country traveling at	Cross-country skiers are traveling towards the mountains at sunset.
The dog for brown pink Frisbee. jumps a	The brown dog jumps for a pink Frisbee.
a in walk clothing A hat while man and child boy nearby. a water purple small and dressed runs a splashing in	A child dressed in purple clothing and a hat runs in splashing water while a man and a small boy walk nearby.
is rider competition A circuit motocross a slightly airborne on jump.	A motocross rider is slightly airborne on a competition circuit jump.
little sand air the with up her. the The jumps beneath girl into	The little girl jumps up into the air with the sand beneath her.
to small walking dog a white and is on has A a leash fence. next	A small white dog has on a leash and is walking next to a fence.
dog brown rapidly dark A shaking off.	A dark brown dog rapidly shaking off.
and furry brown down a black in a rug. dog lying small	a small brown and black dog lying down in a furry rug.
ramp. on jumping A covered a skateboarder graffiti	A skateboarder jumping on a graffiti covered ramp.
covered snow a ground, dog A near runs through tree.	A dog runs through snow covered ground, near a tree.
red catch a and is A white running black dog to fast Frisbee.	A fast black and white dog is running to catch a red Frisbee.
of with posters man light in Jr. Dale standing red front A	A man standing in front of Dale Jr. posters with red light
on A tree a his grinding over rail is snowboard. a guy	A guy is grinding a rail over a tree on his snowboard.
boy over walking their path. a An crowd amongst Asian trees girl with and	An Asian boy and girl walking amongst a crowd with trees over their path.
puppy little sweater, jumps. pink wearing a a	a little puppy wearing a pink sweater, jumps.
in the A sail background. industrial buildings landing with yellow flying is a with machine	A flying machine with a yellow sail is landing with industrial buildings in the background.
a in shirt man A wearing graffiti. skateboarding red up a ramp is is that covered	A man wearing a red shirt is skateboarding up a ramp that is covered in graffiti.
girl purple animal. in little A t-shirt feeds an a	A little girl in a purple t-shirt feeds an animal.
A with the from watching jumping coordinator above. person bungee	A person bungee jumping with the coordinator watching from above.
is red grass. a in jacket on the a running dog	a dog in a red jacket is running on the grass.
The rock climber from above. looks down	The rock climber looks down from above.
skirt stroller. bright The a near girl a dances pink in	The girl in a bright pink skirt dances near a stroller.
climbing icy A glacier man with assistance pick. an the a of	A man climbing an icy glacier with the assistance of a pick.
A surf. into woman running	A woman running into surf.
Tan running dog in and water. white	Tan and white dog running in water.
harnessed by a pulley. woman a A cable to	A woman harnessed to a cable by a pulley.
in of American hug Two girls young front flag the	Two young girls hug in front of the American flag
a running the through what its dog of with snow A chunk in to wood mouth. appears be	A dog running through the snow with what appears to be a chunk of wood in its mouth.
dog with and baseball building. mouth, white field and Brown in	Brown and white dog with baseball in mouth, field and building.
young fish man child. showing to Older	Older man showing fish to young child.
Person in ground. top over covered ski's the on print pants air snow and in dark	Person in dark pants and print top on ski's in the air over snow covered ground.
people chess park a Many a game. watching sitting are in	Many people are sitting in a park watching a chess game.
wall. people standing a Three stone on	Three people standing on a stone wall.
fellow rodeo look rider by tossed up bull black A gets into a air as cowboys on. the	A rodeo rider gets tossed up into the air by a black bull as fellow cowboys look on.
holding the his is motorcycle up The arm. person on	The person on the motorcycle is holding up his arm.
of on rings the jungle girl gym. a hanging to A	A girl hanging on to the rings of a jungle gym.
yellow dog to jumps a A woman. greet	A yellow dog jumps to greet a woman.
man shirt plays A in a guitar red park. in a	A man in a red shirt plays guitar in a park.
A and dark against leaning partially a man object. silhouetted is	A man is partially silhouetted and leaning against a dark object.
one umbrella. Three women are in dressed an while holds costumes	Three women are dressed in costumes while one holds an umbrella.
in the city. street down walking Person the	Person walking down the street in the city.
lines group on of people field. The file the single make	The group of people make single file lines on the field.
white in Two running dogs grass.	Two white dogs running in grass.
the standing go hill covered of A on snow are a crowd watching sun down. people	A crowd of people are standing on a snow covered hill watching the sun go down.
pose Two one with bikes. street a with the bikers, mask, in their	Two bikers, one with a mask, pose in the street with their bikes.
mouth. white yellow catch is ball its in about a A dog to	A white dog is about to catch a yellow ball in its mouth.
in Two of jogging lake. down person bench of another women front sidewalk a a in on leaning a a with person front	Two women jogging down a sidewalk in front of a person leaning on a bench in front of a lake. with another person
a brown and his beach in man dogs. on black dark A plays with the two shirt shorts	A man in a brown shirt and dark shorts plays on the beach with his two black dogs.
both hands. sitting are There in table, beers around a with their two guys	There are two guys sitting around a table, both with beers in their hands.
on Man a standing to a black next dirt hill jeep.	Man standing on a dirt hill next to a black jeep.
arms and with in knees boy spread. Young bent his jumping the air	Young boy jumping in the air with his knees bent and arms spread.
sword. in swinging a white girl A is	A girl in white is swinging a sword.
is player. rugby another hit from a One player getting by ball holding behind	One rugby player holding a ball is getting hit from behind by another player.
and A while stands it white brown snows. dog outside	A brown and white dog stands outside while it snows.
its white dog The walks tongue along grass out. dead the with	The white dog walks along the dead grass with its tongue out.
living boy to from couch. couch in jumps A fancy room a	A boy in a fancy living room jumps from couch to couch.
boy Young wings water girl and with on running	Young boy and girl running with water wings on
lake a tennis labradoodle in retrieves a ball a brown	a brown labradoodle retrieves a tennis ball in a lake
biker woods. in the A	A biker in the woods.
stunt. watching of a a bicycle man children do group A	A group of children watching a man do a bicycle stunt.
from wearing a a A platform. collar jumping dog	A dog wearing a collar jumping from a platform.
a being a child A microphone. man with interviewed by	A child being interviewed by a man with a microphone.
a one others another. plays ball while small A child relax with with converse and	A small child plays with a ball while others relax and converse with one another.
a running a boy through water fountain young	a young boy running through a water fountain
little traffic in The shirt and watching of side of the girl is skirt from line the striped red road. the the	The little girl in the red skirt and striped shirt is watching the line of traffic from the side of the road.
blue woman window. in dressed outside all A blue bags stands with a	A woman all dressed in blue with blue bags stands outside a window.
up set at climbers the The mountain camp apex.	The mountain climbers set up camp at the apex.
on Many others snowy day. ice a people watching are skate	Many people are watching others ice skate on a snowy day.
of people at their the air large in hands group rasing all a once.	a large group of people rasing their hands in the air all at once.
in dogs two running grass	two dogs running in grass
red is football player tackle another player trying who in A has to ball. the	A football player in red is trying to tackle another player who has the ball.
in stick a path a dog his running white with long mouth a down	a white dog running down a path with a long stick in his mouth
in a robes white look snowy people Two at mountain.	Two people in white robes look at a snowy mountain.
a purple and shirt, bandanna, other standing men. is chaps near leather red a in man There a	There is a man in a purple shirt, leather chaps and a red bandanna, standing near other men.
is The hitting volleyball. the girl	The girl is hitting the volleyball.
in water Two people pool. volleyball play a	Two people play water volleyball in a pool.
with him. and a climber A rock city bay behind	A rock climber with a city and bay behind him.
is beside A river. some dog a gravel walking through	A dog is walking through some gravel beside a river.
of flowers. a in stands field A woman	A woman stands in a field of flowers.
the snow. Two together play in dogs	Two dogs play together in the snow.
side. and holding A beach hooded bottoms a bikini a sweatshirt camera at woman with	A woman with a hooded sweatshirt and bikini bottoms holding a camera at beach side.
ground. sitting women of on A the collection	A collection of women sitting on the ground.
A dog black for jumps a yellow and ball.	A dog jumps for a yellow and black ball.
the through race Three wearing green grass. dogs muzzles black	Three black dogs wearing muzzles race through the green grass.
another jumps of onto off bunk A boy little bed bed. a	A little boy jumps off of a bunk bed onto another bed.
a reading. in field man lying A grassy is	A man is lying in a grassy field reading.
launches forward the holder fingers. while checks the kicker football A his	A kicker launches the football forward while the holder checks his fingers.
blanket on under a A sleeps a man city street.	A man sleeps under a blanket on a city street.
foggy bank. canoe heading river another for a One on	One canoe heading for another on a foggy river bank.
attraction. through a levels and children of the carnival two A upper woman walking	A woman and two children walking through the upper levels of a carnival attraction.
the running in dog is grass. The	The dog is running in the grass.
Rugby with players background. spectators running in the trees and	Rugby players running with trees and spectators in the background.
wire a a grassland. dog in jumps over fence A dry	A dog jumps over a wire fence in a dry grassland.
children These a on outdoors. are trampoline playing	These children are playing on a trampoline outdoors.
quickly child pushes A toy. boy little another on riding a	A little boy quickly pushes another child on a riding toy.
of people. A crowd	A crowd of people.
mono-color costumes, color, a walking different bright street. down each are Six people a in	Six people in bright mono-color costumes, each a different color, are walking down a street.
surfer wave. large riding A is a	A surfer is riding a large wave.
through the mouth. running its with grass brown is a dog ball dry The in	The brown dog is running through the dry grass with a ball in its mouth.
black shirt A leather man a chaps camera. and for the poses purple wearing	A man wearing a purple shirt and black leather chaps poses for the camera.
takes snowboarder ramp watch. others while snow A a of made	A snowboarder takes a ramp made of snow while others watch.
young cart tilted a the smiling at over on boy is A camera	A young boy is tilted over on a cart smiling at the camera
water. a takes A drink biker of	A biker takes a drink of water.
on tan dog a A chewing treat. dog	A tan dog chewing on a dog treat.
A and wearing helmet. child posing is mountain his bike, on a	A child is posing on his mountain bike, and wearing a helmet.
from with in tackler. the an orange escape jersey the tries player football to ball A	A football player in an orange jersey tries to escape with the ball from the tackler.
insect flower. a A approaches black	A black insect approaches a flower.
Two backs. ride females camels	Two females ride camels backs.
icy climbing of black person and in a side outfit red an A the mountain ,	A person in a red and black outfit climbing the side of an icy mountain ,
the and rock. large wearing A person helmet walks jacket up a red near	A person wearing a red jacket and helmet walks up near the large rock.
with tawny basket is a while A cat watches. dog a playing black	A tawny cat is playing with a basket while a black dog watches.
and on people outside sitting the sidewalk. Several standing	Several people standing and sitting outside on the sidewalk.
grass. brown dog of field in white A dog races a a	A white dog races a brown dog in a field of grass.
is on float the snow. in The kid a	The kid is on a float in the snow.
People helmets with snowmobiles. riding and on pose goggles while	People pose with helmets and goggles on while riding snowmobiles.
with boy wide his is mouth riding open. The blonde roller-coaster	The blonde boy is riding roller-coaster with his mouth wide open.
boy a young A hat hand. on in a pole fishing has with	A young boy with a hat on has a fishing pole in hand.
playground. can boy the so at young holding a man cross bars monkey he the A	A man holding a young boy so he can cross the monkey bars at the playground.
dog with dog. white A and playing black brown	A brown and white dog playing with black dog.
of A black a in mountain. shirt front in man gray a poses shorts and	A man in a gray shirt and black shorts poses in front of a mountain.
putting chip mouth. cap wearing man a A his red in sunglasses a and	A man wearing sunglasses and a red cap putting a chip in his mouth.
brown dogs Two playing.	Two brown dogs playing.
going mountain. the goes A down skier	A skier going goes down the mountain.
surfboard. off his man A of falling	A man falling off of his surfboard.
coming corner. ATV racers around a	ATV racers coming around a corner.
Seated ocean. man out the looks at	Seated man looks out at the ocean.
man traffic stop to for A at crossing waiting road	A man waiting for traffic to stop at road crossing
playing A basketball. guy	A guy playing basketball.
plays a his on man song for cat. the A guitar	A man plays a song on the guitar for his cat.
a wearing graffitied man on skateboarding young wall a a shirt blue	a young man wearing a blue shirt skateboarding on a graffitied wall
boy red in is white a The on and the skateboard. suit	The boy in the red and white suit is on a skateboard.
runs a dog brown through A field.	A brown dog runs through a field.
and a it. is that A yellow blue boy jumping little on cushion on has couch a resting	A little boy is jumping on a couch that has a yellow and blue cushion resting on it.
playing tag football. children Two	Two children playing tag football.
sewing at Woman colorful machine. in works shirt	Woman in colorful shirt works at sewing machine.
with the air. into man skateboard propels A his Afro an	A man with an Afro propels his skateboard into the air.
coach a A white a shirt in on football field polo	A coach in a white polo shirt on a football field
" wearing t-shirt Man Genetic with Freak and public on hat transportation. " sleeping	Man wearing hat and t-shirt with " Genetic Freak " sleeping on public transportation.
bikers Three a pedal trail. forest up	Three bikers pedal up a forest trail.
covered woman in in crowd Naked mud	Naked woman covered in mud in crowd
chair. robe a sits boy A a in in	A boy in a robe sits in a chair.
is dog bushes. river a brown walking through by The surrounded	The brown dog is walking through a river surrounded by bushes.
while dog A an holding mouth. its runs object in	A dog runs while holding an object in its mouth.
black with his boy green A pants and skateboard. high jumps in t-shirt	A boy in black pants and green t-shirt jumps high with his skateboard.
Large for brown dog blue jumps ball	Large brown dog jumps for blue ball
its is big carrying object is dog mouth. an The	The big dog is carrying an object is its mouth.
swing swings dressed little A in a on girl pink	A little girl dressed in pink swings on a swing
face the shadow. his him, sun man surfs, behind A in	A man surfs, the sun behind him, his face in shadow.
cellphone talks on walks A as his down street. the man he	A man talks on his cellphone as he walks down the street.
A the a toddler at tree. swing of in high a point	A toddler at the high point of a swing in a tree.
a of a toy in field share vegetation. Two dogs	Two dogs share a toy in a field of vegetation.
the morning. the early peaceful in over A rail man gazes	A man gazes over the rail in the peaceful early morning.
walking. wearing Three shorts, girls	Three girls wearing shorts, walking.
a standing Two men restaurant dusk. are outside at	Two men are standing outside a restaurant at dusk.
the ball with dogs grass. playing in dry an orange Two are white	Two white dogs are playing with an orange ball in the dry grass.
playing dog. with ball a A his toy with man brown	A man playing with a ball toy with his brown dog.
water. blue boat A floating on	A boat floating on blue water.
to a unicycle her. as a rides another next girl A rides scooter	A girl rides a unicycle as another rides a scooter next to her.
tent the a front sits sky. blue of clear in under snow A in mountaineer yellow	A mountaineer sits in the snow in front of a yellow tent under clear blue sky.
is up her. wearing basketball arm a trying red uniform basketball holding and while a block is player an looking A female to	A female basketball player wearing a red uniform is holding a basketball and looking up while an arm is trying to block her.
Bernard A St the snow. lunges through	A St Bernard lunges through the snow.
over boy on trampoline. boy a another jumping A	A boy jumping over another boy on a trampoline.
The is swimming across the dog water.	The dog is swimming across the water.
in and a goggles girl A children surrounded pool by wearing other	A girl in a pool wearing goggles and surrounded by other children
climbing covered while kids winter are snow shallow hill wearing gear. Four a	Four kids are climbing a shallow snow covered hill while wearing winter gear.
a snowy uptop men mountain. resting Two	Two men resting uptop a snowy mountain.
in hands of holding skydivers sky. Trio	Trio of skydivers holding hands in sky.
and an A in in man black and are both elevator. white, women,	A man and women, both in black and white, are in an elevator.
long-haired sunglasses with dancing with two in woman other A a people is parade.	A long-haired woman with sunglasses is dancing with two other people in a parade.
plastic toy. A toddler a scooter on	A toddler on a plastic scooter toy.
player The is wearing orange sneakers. basketball	The basketball player is wearing orange sneakers.
in room. a wait costumes People wearing	People wearing costumes wait in a room.
a white the next and also to the pauses in to boy at at camera, smiles on drawing smile camera. him balloon A the girl	A boy pauses in drawing on a white balloon to smile at the camera, and the girl next to him also smiles at the camera.
while a air into the another jumps watches. girl girl	a girl jumps into the air while another girl watches.
in boy shirt running. A is a blue	A boy in a blue shirt is running.
people in empty stadium. sit in an Two green otherwise	Two people in green sit in an otherwise empty stadium.
the field. runs baseball player on A	A baseball player runs on the field.
runs dog a A grass. with stick the across large	A dog with a large stick runs across the grass.
public. plays a piano ponytail A with in a man	A man with a ponytail plays a piano in public.
across a chairs. cap two sleeping A black child in	A child in a black cap sleeping across two chairs.
is and The the dog mouth. object in its running through carrying water black a yellow	The dog is running through the water carrying a black and yellow object in its mouth.
guy skateboard of design with sunglasses on front A in a a wall. circle stands	A guy with sunglasses stands on a skateboard in front of a circle design wall.
several puppies white eating are food Many near brown roosters.	Many white puppies are eating food near several brown roosters.
A near a umbrella meter. an standing woman is parking holding	A woman holding an umbrella is standing near a parking meter.
kid snow with outside. A orange a plays in ball of	A kid in orange plays with a ball of snow outside.
man dumpster. near a on cigarette a A loading lights dock a	A man lights a cigarette on a loading dock near a dumpster.
trick a A teenage his is skateboard. performing with boy	A teenage boy is performing a trick with his skateboard.
mountain. climbs a A man	A man climbs a mountain.
edge the swimming a with cement the pool lean legs Four their on trunks of boys water. in in	Four boys in swimming trunks lean on the cement edge of a pool with their legs in the water.
of enclosure. playing a padded inside two babies colorful	two babies playing inside of a colorful padded enclosure.
A sets. stands as man sun in snow the the	A man stands in the snow as the sun sets.
ocean. catching wave the large surfer a A in	A surfer catching a large wave in the ocean.
basket. a player A scoring is basketball	A basketball player is scoring a basket.
foot water swimming playing a bridge in with Children a boy and are background. of in the	Children are playing and swimming in a boy of water with a foot bridge in the background.
and the brown the dog is edge A ice of lake. on at playing a black	A black and brown dog is playing on the ice at the edge of a lake.
ball. A baseball the throws player	A baseball player throws the ball.
A a bottom slide. girl at little the lands of	A little girl lands at the bottom of a slide.
at look Two something. girls young	Two young girls look at something.
together. two dogs play	two dogs play together.
t-shirt a shallow boy water. A is in splashing in white	A boy in a white t-shirt is splashing in shallow water.
seat a train on looks sits girl pamphlet. A at and young a	A young girl sits on a seat and looks at a train pamphlet.
the towards sun collar with with on water the the a walking background. A a black in beach dog large	A large dog with a black collar walking towards the water on a beach with the sun in the background.
connected person fan. sky in the to a A	A person in the sky connected to a fan.
doll fireplace. dog next a and black to A of a toy close-up a sitting on a	A close-up of a black dog sitting on a doll and a toy next to a fireplace.
eyes its dog closed. The grey has	The grey dog has its eyes closed.
snowy poses a mountains suit in climber background in mountain with peak red the on	mountain climber in a red suit poses on snowy peak with mountains in the background
water bottle. a brown dog from drinks A	A brown dog drinks from a water bottle.
one doing bicycles watches men on while is other flip Two the a young	Two young men on bicycles one is doing a flip while the other watches
laying dog brown on a A cushion. green	A brown dog laying on a green cushion.
on the view. and stands man rock in a A takes	A man stands on a rock and takes in the view.
one is snow the high poodles Two jumping in and are	Two poodles are in the snow and one is jumping high
is helmet rock climbing. purple Person and pants blue with	Person with blue helmet and purple pants is rock climbing.
gather in statues. plastic of A group of people front	A group of people gather in front of plastic statues.
man A dancers. costumed photographs	A man photographs costumed dancers.
in green grass. wearing shirts play the Two dogs	Two dogs wearing shirts play in the green grass.
hovers white lifted A up with the wings water. over bird its	A white bird with its wings lifted up hovers over the water.
a into blue red boy with pool. ball in his trunks, A and green in hand. a jumping is	A boy in blue and red trunks, with a green ball in his hand. is jumping into a pool.
pink dancing a in , Girl top field in	Girl in pink top dancing in a field ,
on a mountains background with skis man snow-covered the in on hill A	A man on skis on a snow-covered hill with mountains in the background
wearing jumping leash a white after a red dog ball. Little	Little white dog wearing a leash jumping after a red ball.
gentleman stringed two instruments. The are playing	The two gentleman are playing stringed instruments.
a blue of boy A on shirt mound mud in a	A boy in a blue shirt on a mound of mud
an umbrella. bathtub with in children the Two	Two children in the bathtub with an umbrella.
the of dog wet mouth. in running out its ball A German is with ocean Shepherd a	A wet German Shepherd dog is running out of the ocean with a ball in its mouth.
snow. air in a ramp is of snowboarder the A above	A snowboarder is in the air above a ramp of snow.
full gear a red motorcycle. and A in sponsors is racer sport riding logos with helmet	A racer in full gear and helmet with sponsors logos is riding a red sport motorcycle.
trick boy A skateboard a doing	A boy doing a skateboard trick
ball a furry playing red a a in with forest little dog	a little furry dog playing with a red ball in a forest
boy tricks metal stairs. skateboarding young does A down	A young boy does skateboarding tricks down metal stairs.
black barking. A dog	A black dog barking.
a backpack A water. sitting overlooking on wearing a is rock red woman the	A woman wearing a red backpack is sitting on a rock overlooking the water.
the dog A jumping in black and white snow.	A black and white dog jumping in the snow.
in on after swimming the Black dog the ocean. beach walking	Black dog walking on the beach after swimming in the ocean.
dog dog white white and beige a on carpet. near and A black grey	A black and white dog near a grey and white dog on beige carpet.
water playing volleyball. People are	People are playing water volleyball.
straight looking A man with sunglasses ahead.	A man with sunglasses looking straight ahead.
jump. performs a bike a on man A a trick on BMX	A man on a BMX bike performs a trick on a jump.
The microphone. wearing standing of in indian feathers the is front an liked dressed man	The man dressed liked an indian wearing feathers is standing in front of the microphone.
in one bicycles, running bike front with in riding. people a back Two with one and	Two people with bicycles, one in front running with a bike and one in back riding.
A a front man of statue. in stands	A man stands in front of a statue.
in swinging bars on monkey at A clothes warm night. man	A man in warm clothes swinging on monkey bars at night.
a in A store. man sits military accessories large	A large man sits in a military accessories store.
of people group hat. green phone a one the walking the in on down with street A	A group of people walking down the street with one on the phone in a green hat.
A young a pillow bed. fight on playing children of group	A group of young children playing pillow fight on a bed.
jersey 8. # a racing dog is and wearing muzzle has The striped	The racing dog has a muzzle and is wearing striped jersey # 8.
spectators Four watch competition skiers pass three by.	Four spectators watch three competition skiers pass by.
dog the snow. A and in black walks white	A black and white dog walks in the snow.
goal ice hockey a in red The is keeper dressed strip.	The ice hockey goal keeper is dressed in a red strip.
the landscape. snow A beautiful white skier is overlooking covered	A skier is overlooking the beautiful white snow covered landscape.
girl princess up dressed costume in outside. young A a	A young girl dressed up in a princess costume outside.
pool. in playing A dogs a large of group	A group of dogs playing in a large pool.
to equipment. a climb girl begins of A red piece playground	A girl begins to climb a red piece of playground equipment.
runs race dog number track. dog fast with A seven on a the	A race dog with the number seven runs fast on a dog track.
playing floor. bulldogs Two the on	Two bulldogs playing on the floor.
oxford hat and shirt, smirks. A wearing a man an sunglasses,	A man wearing an oxford shirt, sunglasses, and a hat smirks.
breaststroke in swimmer the pool. A doing a	A swimmer doing the breaststroke in a pool.
stunt, boy is air, bicycle. the a doing The on through his	The boy is doing a stunt, through the air, on his bicycle.
black large A walking a horse. man	A man walking a large black horse.
a running dogs lawn. on Three	Three dogs running on a lawn.
the Two are in people and dog snow. a	Two people and a dog are in the snow.
is a jumping pyramid-shaped ramp. on A bicyclist	A bicyclist is jumping on a pyramid-shaped ramp.
standing with crossed. men Indian their group A just around arms of are	A group of Indian men are just standing around with their arms crossed.
air between jumping is through red motocross bike a two tape. the lines of	a motocross bike is jumping through the air between two lines of red tape.
yellow in boy a life A into jumping pool vest a	A boy in a yellow life vest jumping into a pool
A a over net. throwing few boys football a volleyball young	A few young boys throwing a football over a volleyball net.
cycler cold A celebrates.	A cold cycler celebrates.
in book. reading a boy the sits A library,	A boy sits in the library, reading a book.
a front poses man pyrotechnics. some tights on pose in in of furious a stage in wrestling A	A man in wrestling tights poses in a furious pose on a stage in front of some pyrotechnics.
on ball soccer Small a carries a boy field.	Small boy carries a soccer ball on a field.
after in jump. a skier air A high the	A skier high in the air after a jump.
camera. young girl the a a for woman smile and	a young girl and a woman smile for the camera.
move children perform Two a karate mat. a on red	Two children perform a karate move on a red mat.
A girl waits a Pizza outside Domino's	A girl waits outside a Domino's Pizza
that dog is ball about carpet. on is get A to a orange	A dog is about to get a ball that is on orange carpet.
shirt of in woman and the side walking of the ahead a girl The little body on is water man pink the of	The little girl in the pink shirt is walking ahead of a man and woman on the side of the body of water
a transit. in tie leans railing take young suit man on a to A against a nap public and	A young man in a suit and tie leans against a railing to take a nap on public transit.
neighborhood. on A an sits bench a person in urban his a head blue with on blanket metal	A person with a blue blanket on his head sits on a metal bench in an urban neighborhood.
into a with A white surfboard water. the is walking man	A man with a white surfboard is walking into the water.
black large fallen a leaps A log. dog	A large black dog leaps a fallen log.
prop third men knife. a man attack young pretend to colorful a with Two	Two young men pretend to attack a third man with a colorful prop knife.
on woman A dolly. sit a kids three and	A woman and three kids sit on a dolly.
corn. of with apron an A husks man cooks	A man with an apron cooks husks of corn.
in through holds runs A dog it white snow. mouth while stick its a	A white dog holds a stick in its mouth while it runs through snow.
soccer. boy A is young playing	A young boy is playing soccer.
priest book baby. a A is towards holding her woman and looking a	A priest holding a book is looking towards a woman and her baby.
brown black The dogs carrying log the are in and big meadow. a	The brown and black dogs are carrying a big log in the meadow.
contemplates holding ocean. woman young surfboard A a the	A young woman holding a surfboard contemplates the ocean.
camera. headset looking A with a man into video a is	A man with a headset is looking into a video camera.
slightly a bike rise. dirt on jumps man as crests a A he	A man on a dirt bike jumps slightly as he crests a rise.
red while a jumps skateboard. helmet man up a A riding wearing	A man wearing a red helmet jumps up while riding a skateboard.
dog jumping by the being held is The black ball up at the man. yellow	The black dog is jumping up at the yellow ball being held by the man.
a and past walking and who men top store them. at Two tuxedos casual is man in cleaning dry a hats looking are	Two men in top hats and tuxedos are walking past a dry cleaning store and a casual man who is looking at them.
kid climbs door. small A a through	A kid climbs through a small door.
ball. a soccer kicks A child	A child kicks a soccer ball.
owner on. performs with A jump black a and dog his white looking	A black and white dog performs a jump with his owner looking on.
Two home. at a play in young girls	Two young girls at play in a home.
the a purse is black little in running pink in with dog mouth. grass A its	A little black dog is running in the grass with a pink purse in its mouth.
guys in standing crowd. in leather, Two a	Two guys in leather, standing in a crowd.
rapids. through The going kayaker is	The kayaker is going through rapids.
sitting girl green a is little blonde on A chair.	A little blonde girl is sitting on a green chair.
tree jeans A bloom. is the a woman and top tank in sitting in a of in middle	A woman in jeans and a tank top is sitting in the middle of a tree in bloom.
a upside-down roller People coaster. are on	People are upside-down on a roller coaster.
A a coat to in woman next a standing stand. telephone green	A woman in a green coat standing next to a telephone stand.
dog A catches toy. and jumps a	A dog jumps and catches a toy.
climbing man rock A	A man rock climbing
some metal bars playing on boy	boy playing on some metal bars
bull bending ring him. backwards in Man with behind a	Man in ring bending backwards with a bull behind him.
his him. waits patiently as ahead of A bikes biker friend	A biker patiently waits as his friend bikes ahead of him.
a wearing is in black A shirt blue dog jumping air the	A black dog wearing a blue shirt is jumping in the air
each are beach walking dogs a The two other past on	The two dogs are walking past each other on a beach
head stands his hands on his with little boy of top A	A little boy stands with his hands on top of his head
the smiling street. plays girl in A	A smiling girl plays in the street.
at the a camera. man points helmet wearing A	A man wearing a helmet points at the camera.
one red body are in playing the ocean. boys, with in shorts, and boards yellow shorts one two in	two boys, one in yellow shorts and one in red shorts, are playing with body boards in the ocean.
a is and the basketball net. jumping player basketball A holding over	A basketball player is jumping and holding a basketball over the net.
in blanket in pink black and a A is covered girl jacket hat a	A girl in a black jacket and hat is covered in a pink blanket
a People shoot. photo at	People at a photo shoot.
A bending over woman backwards.	A woman bending over backwards.
grass. the across dog a runs	a dog runs across the grass.
there girls while wait wearing on barely clothing. Two street the tight,	Two girls wait on the street while wearing tight, barely there clothing.
child people a street. in and Four walking the	Four people and a child walking in the street.
and dance a Four men on stage yellow orange wearing shirts.	Four men dance on a stage wearing yellow and orange shirts.
posing winter wearing together. coats couple A	A couple wearing winter coats posing together.
dog A walking across the desert.	A dog walking across the desert.
front ice A the on in hockey player the goal. laying of is	A hockey player is laying on the ice in front of the goal.
at with black a sit Six for hair, table children, all a picture.	Six children, all with black hair, sit at a table for a picture.
walks by telephone booths. red man A	A man walks by red telephone booths.
sea. his ship steering is A out at man	A man is steering his ship out at sea.
The the playing ball in boy is sand.	The boy is playing ball in the sand.
a in a and black play a dog field brown	a brown and a black dog play in a field
field A a colorful of flowers. dog in	A dog in a field of colorful flowers.
A in fluffy, white snow. running dog the	A fluffy, white dog running in the snow.
the standing sun. children young in Several	Several young children standing in the sun.
from An her woman to protect herself. large older is holding mittens with baby scratching a	An older woman is holding a large baby with mittens to protect her from scratching herself.
holding A a man cup. Mohawk a is with	A man with a Mohawk is holding a cup.
in dog white in A jacket a a life at boat. looks man a	A white dog in a life jacket looks at a man in a boat.
A on bottle floor a crawls baby of wood water. near a	A baby crawls on a wood floor near a bottle of water.
mouth. The the a jumps in with its stick over log dog	The dog jumps over the log with a stick in its mouth.
playing is tennis. shirt with man no A	A man with no shirt is playing tennis.
the is race dog at happening A track. greyhound	A greyhound dog race is happening at the track.
to catch boy a flying leaping Frisbee. A	A boy leaping to catch a flying Frisbee.
skier down slope. a A yellow red skis a backpack jacket snow and in	A skier in a red jacket and yellow backpack skis down a snow slope.
boy followed A red-haired behind a girls. grassy runs little down hill two by	A little red-haired boy runs down a grassy hill followed behind by two girls.
pink hat her girl young a camera wearing up face. a a holding to	a young girl wearing a pink hat holding a camera up to her face.
pug 2 dogs standing is A with black a outfir girl in	A girl in a black outfir is standing with 2 pug dogs
in Three woods. guns shooting the are children	Three children are shooting guns in the woods.
bump rides his bike path. a over a dirt on A man	A man rides his bike over a bump on a dirt path.
on ate while the children bench sat the ice woman cream. The	The woman sat on the bench while the children ate ice cream.
one swing. boys park, a at on sitting Two little lounge a	Two little boys lounge at a park, one sitting on a swing.
white and woman A upward her hand face lifts tilts her gloved	A woman tilts her face upward and lifts her white gloved hand
climb red brown a is rock. in in a man A man helping	A man in brown is helping a man in red climb a rock.
tennis. outfut a white in playing A woman	A woman in a white outfut playing tennis.
in a A boy wading lake. speedos, through	A boy in speedos, wading through a lake.
cones. A are children with woman four eating ice cream	A woman with four children are eating ice cream cones.
it. woman ball for a while a A dog leaps holds	A woman holds a ball while a dog leaps for it.
motion ground. girl snow-covered in A on	A girl in motion on snow-covered ground.
players opposite of the one player tackling are Two team. football	Two football players are tackling one player of the opposite team.
shirt yellow a a a the standing wearing wall. graffitied in middle and man garbage bunch of of a	a man wearing a yellow shirt standing in the middle of a bunch of garbage and a graffitied wall.
ledge, with scaling a supporting. a A rope rocky person	A person scaling a rocky ledge, with a rope supporting.
snow. in Two the dogs playing	Two dogs playing in the snow.
in people. boy man A of gathering interviews a a	A man interviews a boy in a gathering of people.
children together. eating Asian	Asian children eating together.
snow with tennis are dogs tree. a ball playing a Two near in	Two dogs are playing with a tennis ball in snow near a tree.
suit rescue Man field. dog padded training black in blue in a for and search a	Man in blue padded suit training a black dog for search and rescue in a field.
running a is in brown jacket that him. towards sandy on a man a a in running bay towards is dog turn	a man in a brown jacket is running on a sandy bay towards a dog that is in turn running towards him.
in in A running a man shirt blue stadium is field. a	A man in a blue shirt is running in a stadium field.
the a water. are shore on Two next children of to body standing	Two children are standing on the shore next to a body of water.
and in Two wearing street pose. stand the dresses woman	Two woman wearing dresses stand in the street and pose.
off their mound jumping of snow. are Snowboarders a boards	Snowboarders are jumping their boards off a mound of snow.
red large life group a people raft river the red a on of in wearing jackets	a large group of people in a red raft wearing red life jackets on the river
lean, a Three along race numbered, greyhounds track.	Three lean, numbered, greyhounds race along a track.
in ties two guys tuxes with red dressed	two guys dressed in tuxes with red ties
a above A midair a on guy trick. doing bicycle a ramp,	A guy on a bicycle midair above a ramp, doing a trick.
trick. boy does A a skateboard	A boy does a skateboard trick.
red Japanese five bandanas wear ladies	five Japanese ladies wear red bandanas
a standing a in small man bathing at tourist location on A stool a suit	A man in a small bathing suit standing on a stool at a tourist location
foam wand boy it pool. a near A swimming holding a waves large	A boy holding a large foam wand waves it near a swimming pool.
on cliff. rope A person a down jumping a	A person jumping down a rope on a cliff.
motorized in a man An large hat, a at wheelchair, old a shoes out store. picking is riding and wearing	An old man wearing a large hat, and riding in a motorized wheelchair, is picking out shoes at a store.
A him. little someone a leans bridge holds onto boy while over	A little boy leans over a bridge while someone holds onto him.
Four pool. jump into kids a hands holding swimming	Four kids holding hands jump into a swimming pool.
ski. A man the through on large water is a pulled	A man is pulled through the water on a large ski.
ridden rocks. over A being motocross is bike	A motocross bike is being ridden over rocks.
quilt street a the a wearing lone sidewalk walking along of a person	a lone person wearing a quilt walking along the sidewalk of a street
Two of men around building. front the goofing grass union young on the in	Two young men goofing around on the grass in front the of union building.
A on does bicycle. boy his teenage tricks	A teenage boy does tricks on his bicycle.
chair sits woman in house. a brick a blue outside A	A woman sits in a blue chair outside a brick house.
a is balloons. girl A and water little wearing carrying dress flowing	A little girl is wearing a flowing dress and carrying water balloons.
black wearing top ". " rock a is that says, short is A on a standing life man of shirt	A man wearing a black shirt is standing on top of a rock that says, " life is short ".
can how kick. an to show adult jeans she girl high in tries A	A girl in jeans tries to show an adult how high she can kick.
in kayaking Person white water.	Person kayaking in white water.
dog swimming. A	A dog swimming.
riding borader is snow rail. a The	The snow borader is riding a rail.
to toddler Frisbee. A throw prepares a	A toddler prepares to throw a Frisbee.
The attention three their garb. stand ladies at native in	The three ladies stand at attention in their native garb.
the dogs long-haired playing white, ocean in Two	Two white, long-haired dogs playing in the ocean
at swimming boy into falling a is A white beach lake. trunks or water orange in and	A boy in orange and white swimming trunks is falling into water at a beach or lake.
a ball A a jumping front player dunk is and crowd. in about of to basketball	A basketball player is jumping and about to dunk a ball in front of a crowd.
arms at with girl park. plays a with others sprinkler little A outstretched	A little girl with arms outstretched plays with others at a sprinkler park.
indoors. each dogs rough other Two play with	Two dogs play rough with each other indoors.
back markers. with the of friend black on Fellows a writing	Fellows writing on the back of a friend with black markers.
over in their snow in fighting poodles mouths something the white Two	Two white poodles fighting over something in their mouths in the snow
plays blue soccer. man a wearing	a man wearing blue plays soccer.
recieving A football a a football. stadium jumping player in full and	A football player in a full stadium jumping and recieving a football.
holding. that with dog an are one of interacting has them people is object a Two bitten	Two people are interacting with a dog that has bitten an object one of them is holding.
women ball are sports game. with sticks during reaching a Two for a	Two women are reaching with sticks for a ball during a sports game.
down Several background. the run a in mountains highway with people	Several people run down a highway with mountains in the background.
in a dog of middle field. brown the a huge standing	a brown dog standing in the middle of a huge field.
fighting a brown Frisbee dogs two white and over	two brown and white dogs fighting over a Frisbee
outside hose. white swimming dog black getting by is plastic its the dog into back white While with pool a spot one while garden another on a jumping sprayed pool, is a	While one white dog is outside the pool, another white dog with a black spot on its back is jumping into a plastic swimming pool while getting sprayed by a garden hose.
in red face and gray with shorts shirt little boy messy	little boy in red shirt and gray shorts with messy face
A fixer her fancy a is costume of in mirror. in makeup a front woman	A woman in a fancy costume is fixer her makeup in front of a mirror.
beads wearing a holding person pole. A a shirt white and	A person wearing a white shirt and beads holding a pole.
a puddle stand a Two on in girls sidewalk.	Two girls stand in a puddle on a sidewalk.
flip. skier The a does	The skier does a flip.
each other red paint. naked young children smear Two with	Two naked young children smear each other with red paint.
and girl pose ' before in The of little a ' with braids a man a her. back plane	The back of a little girl with braids and a man in a ' plane ' pose before her.
shirt over an orange is walking man a fire while in crowd watches. A	A man in an orange shirt is walking over fire while a crowd watches.
boy SUV. pushing A on a toy girl a	A boy pushing a girl on a toy SUV.
standing white other holding the A an on with in men. umbrella a hat elf two sidewalk is man	A man in an elf hat holding a white umbrella is standing on the sidewalk with two other men.
dog a blue A in children surrounded yellow stands in road by shirts.	A yellow dog stands in a road surrounded by children in blue shirts.
a and men dark jackets jeans in of front Two standing young building. in	Two young men in jeans and dark jackets standing in front of a building.
brown running is a stretch A strings. along divided dog by grassy	A brown dog is running along a grassy stretch divided by strings.
with white grey a shirt with name Man badge.	Man with grey shirt with a white name badge.
trail. sled-dog hard this team A on snowy works	A sled-dog team works hard on this snowy trail.
has gear. of man the arm a German bites on Shepherd A protective who	A German Shepherd bites the arm of a man who has on protective gear.
grass. and small dogs after chase white other in brown Two the each	Two small white and brown dogs chase after each other in the grass.
brown jumps through A hoops. three dog	A brown dog jumps through three hoops.
player. players football football two another tackle	two football players tackle another football player.
young skateboarder doing tricks air the a in	a young skateboarder doing tricks in the air
cap a with ring. man a red in nose A	A man in a red cap with a nose ring.
rides A a swing. child	A child rides a swing.
A a little garden. rock white girl in in plays coat a	A little girl in a white coat plays in a rock garden.
Three climb on a stand and fence. children	Three children stand and climb on a fence.
opposing ball the player. basketball around A professional dribbles the player	A professional basketball player dribbles the ball around the opposing player.
orange brown to catch an A up leaps toy. dog	A brown dog leaps up to catch an orange toy.
bus. a beard a man giant bicycle next to a with white rides A	A man with a giant white beard rides a bicycle next to a bus.
of boy pile leaves. in playing dead A a	A boy playing in a pile of dead leaves.
action. players in Four basketball	Four basketball players in action.
jumps toward dog couch A a	A dog jumps toward a couch
dresses in dancing. of girls A group	A group of girls in dresses dancing.
kayaking mountainous People and in snowy region.	People kayaking in snowy and mountainous region.
street, holding Two hands. walk down a students	Two students walk down a street, holding hands.
in ' fountain. devil a ' front in woman a of A standing outfit	A woman in a ' devil ' outfit standing in front of a fountain.
field. a hands walking people and holding Two in	Two people holding hands and walking in a field.
dogs green medium playing a with Two sized ball	Two medium sized dogs playing with a green ball
into figure dinner A costumed leans the table.	A costumed figure leans into the dinner table.
wet a A black leaps across dog stream.	A wet black dog leaps across a stream.
Wet dog swims camera. brown towards	Wet brown dog swims towards camera.
singing on Group stage. kids a of	Group of kids singing on a stage.
window. A child headfirst climbing is soled pink through a wearing sneakers	A child wearing pink soled sneakers is climbing headfirst through a window.
A a black brown dog object. carrying	A brown dog carrying a black object.
while A the carries a walking couple one over are street man a toddler shoulder. along	A couple are walking along a street while the man carries a toddler over one shoulder.
way A woman man and of face the sit the opposite camera. and a on car a	A man and a woman sit on a car and face the opposite way of the camera.
above skateboard midair flips man A in his ground. the concrete	A man flips his skateboard in midair above the concrete ground.
is a orange splash girl A into to in suit pool. bathing an about young	A young girl in an orange bathing suit is about to splash into a pool.
boy sprints. dark clothing in A a with smile young	A young boy in dark clothing with a smile sprints.
A plays tug-of-war by landscape in dog a trees. black her with brown woman surrounded	A woman plays tug-of-war with her black dog in a brown landscape surrounded by trees.
approaching the surfers Several a ride wave beach.	Several surfers ride a wave approaching the beach.
The kick ready gets little boy the to soccer ball.	The little boy gets ready to kick the soccer ball.
red boy, wearing This running. is shirt and shorts, a blue	This boy, wearing a red shirt and blue shorts, is running.
busy woman's a neck a kissing Man on sidewalk.	Man kissing a woman's neck on a busy sidewalk.
boy on scooter street. the in yellow riding a is A	A boy in yellow is riding a scooter on the street.
of on A dancing a girls stage. group	A group of girls dancing on a stage.
Five in rope the identical on swimsuits to women near a hold ocean.	Five women in identical swimsuits hold on to a rope near the ocean.
woman by trail biking A a surrounded various along plants.	A woman biking along a trail surrounded by various plants.
dog large chases field. through a a A boy	A large dog chases a boy through a field.
in a man sleeve leather a A coat. at dog the pulls of	A dog pulls at the sleeve of a man in a leather coat.
on a with dune A no down sand wheels. blond a slides boy skateboard	A blond boy slides down a sand dune on a skateboard with no wheels.
Two children peek out.	Two children peek out.
running through are Two pond a dogs small	Two dogs are running through a small pond
football coach headset. a A holds	A football coach holds a headset.
child is the A water in splashing	A child is splashing in the water
a hug child woman road. A near and	A woman and child hug near a road.
the group naked and streets. people who of bikes A in riding are	A group of people who are naked and riding bikes in the streets.
skiing skier snowy a down a mountainside	a skier skiing down a snowy mountainside
wearing shirt jumps a and jeans white a The skateboarder ramp.	The skateboarder wearing jeans and a white shirt jumps a ramp.
market Woman green open an by bananas at air	Woman by green bananas at an open air market
a A holds on in the to handle water. man	A man holds on to a handle in the water.
wearing eats a boy gray young shirt A pasta.	A young boy wearing a gray shirt eats pasta.
the is shirt through the child blue sand. The in running	The child in the blue shirt is running through the sand.
A wall. kids graffiti a adults two of stand before group and	A group of kids and two adults stand before a graffiti wall.
in little with girl air flying hair gym at play	little girl at play gym with hair flying in air
water pool. in small child is a splashing blue The	The child is splashing water in a small blue pool.
dogs stick. for a run two	two dogs run for a stick.
dog surf. running The is in the	The dog is running in the surf.
black through jumps white and dog white and hoop. black a A	A black and white dog jumps through a black and white hoop.
men playing rugby Two collide.	Two men playing rugby collide.
German a ball shepherd tennis runs A after	A German shepherd runs after a tennis ball
down The a is slide. sliding boy metal	The boy is sliding down a metal slide.
green with another helmets. outfits runs his bike red black rider gains and on him, The while bike both wearing	The bike rider runs with his red bike while another gains on him, both wearing green outfits and black helmets.
tennis dogs a run black dirt. ball Two the with across snowy	Two black dogs run with a tennis ball across the snowy dirt.
hula-hoops. brown with in is two playing A little girl	A little girl in brown is playing with two hula-hoops.
top saddle. sitting The of a is girl on	The girl is sitting on top of a saddle.
a a children tire in swing Two swing park. around at	Two children swing around in a tire swing at a park.
gray a bag of a wall. brown with in front walks man A	A man with a brown bag walks in front of a gray wall.
Two people water. in	Two people in water.
a elderly sitting bench. on women Two white	Two elderly women sitting on a white bench.
in a riding race. group A bicycles people of are	A group of people are riding bicycles in a race.
Mountain are their climbers up setting tents.	Mountain climbers are setting up their tents.
of low sand a A child sun the horizon. the in playing the on beach with	A child playing in the sand of a beach with the sun low on the horizon.
boy shirtless sunlight the with something A low the throwing water on	A shirtless boy throwing something with the sunlight low on the water
laugh little blue swing. Two kids on a	Two little kids laugh on a blue swing.
from upside A maneuver front down hangs a of crowd of in board a people. snowboarder during his	A snowboarder hangs upside down from his board during a maneuver in front of a crowd of people.
A child on him. splashing with water	A child with water splashing on him.
watching a A cap. red a black in in hoodie a man man	A man in a black hoodie watching a man in a red cap.
purple boy sweater a a bottle. from drink girl green in a A watching	A girl in a purple sweater watching a boy drink from a green bottle.
in looks hand holding little hand. her A her ends rainbow it the girl that so	A little girl holding her hand so that it looks the rainbow ends in her hand.
next the ski air jumping the snowboarder lift. A to in is	A snowboarder is jumping in the air next to the ski lift.
bathing woman away. in suit A a skimpy walks	A woman in a skimpy bathing suit walks away.
ball chewed the returns The soccer snow. in up the pitbull	The pitbull returns the chewed up soccer ball in the snow.
camera. flexing Four the for boys young	Four young boys flexing for the camera.
railing girl front A a the young walks of on in beach.	A young girl walks on a railing in front of the beach.
Men in horses a jousting flags riding carrying tournament.	Men riding horses carrying flags in a jousting tournament.
A a rides man wakeboard. young	A young man rides a wakeboard.
pool. A poodle fluffy of on blank is edge the a walking	A fluffy blank poodle is walking on the edge of a pool.
Man Hawaiian garb a local up dresses in parade. at	Man dresses up in Hawaiian garb at a local parade.
through running The large brown shallow water. dog is	The large brown dog is running through shallow water.
laying girls smiling. on Two are little the grass	Two little girls are laying on the grass smiling.
beam balance holding rope a two on boys a	two boys on a balance beam holding a rope
a around it dust car track. The dirt the goes leaves as trail	The car leaves a dust trail as it goes around the dirt track.
red taking with Field a one players blue in fall player and hockey	Field hockey players in red and blue with one player taking a fall
material. Two dogs white of piece are a at tugging	Two dogs are tugging at a piece of white material.
Dog in running yard.	Dog running in yard.
person with a brown A lease behind the dog dog. a running with is	A brown dog with a lease is running with a person behind the dog.
a in dresses. small on young sitting skimpy ladies be are Two	Two young ladies are sitting on a small be in skimpy dresses.
the the sitting boat shore a lake man with is on background. the A in in	A man is sitting in a boat on the shore with the lake in the background.
before Soccer blue a players in game.	Soccer players in blue before a game.
brown shore while stick. runs to on A the black light dog up a dog jumps catch a	A black dog runs on the shore while a light brown dog jumps up to catch a stick.
are bars. pink yellow Two girls playground in on playing	Two girls in pink are playing on yellow playground bars.
a crouch fair. at Two a near women medieval small child	Two women crouch near a small child at a medieval fair.
A dog a playing black white and pond creek. or in is	A black and white dog is playing in a pond or creek.
and group of people guitars A singing. playing	A group of people playing guitars and singing.
road. and A by down side walk side man woman the	A man and woman walk side by side down the road.
swing. A her on is the two mom kids pushing	A mom is pushing her two kids on the swing.
boy and of A holding a getting attire in his car. dressed soccer out shoes	A boy dressed in soccer attire and holding his shoes getting out of a car.
boat water. another a in A fisherman rod on his relaxes while reeling is	A fisherman is reeling his rod while another relaxes in a boat on water.
player holding Baseball a bat.	Baseball player holding a bat.
at something. above water the people on Two rocks the stand look and	Two people stand on the rocks above the water and look at something.
dog white mouth in from while ball a brown its dog water. a brown and with black away walking in tennis standing A and	A brown and white dog walking away from a black and brown dog with a tennis ball in its mouth while standing in water.
a their dirt ramps bikes near waterfront. Kids of off jump	Kids jump their bikes off of dirt ramps near a waterfront.
in distance, into watch man background. Dog marked and woman leaps for pool	Dog leaps into pool marked for distance, man and woman watch in background.
group a river. a paddle canoe A down men in of	A group of men in a canoe paddle down a river.
in the snowboarder suspended A air	A snowboarder suspended in the air
wearing a girl red A beads. of closeup teenage	A closeup of a teenage girl wearing red beads.
A a snow. collar blue with the in is dog black running	A black dog with a blue collar is running in the snow.
boy The smiling. and small is running	The small boy is running and smiling.
on a shown this dirt with In a photo man path distorted is jumping dog. a	In this distorted photo a man is shown on a dirt path with a jumping dog.
carrying ball brown a dog mouth black away. looks a A in whilst water runs dog through its	A black dog runs through water carrying a ball in its mouth whilst a brown dog looks away.
pet. her owner Frisbee retrieve the attempts dog to The from	The dog owner attempts to retrieve the Frisbee from her pet.
game. player soccer A in a during air jumping	A soccer player jumping in air during a game.
blue jerseys touching their heads. soccer with above team A together huddled hands is their with	A soccer team with blue jerseys is huddled together with their hands touching above their heads.
plastic Two sunglasses tent. sit children outside wearing a of	Two children wearing sunglasses sit outside of a plastic tent.
inside, case. an men sitting them of Two instrument down holding one	Two men sitting down inside, one of them holding an instrument case.
to on a A man talking a a bridge bikini is in regularly woman dressed	A woman in a bikini is talking to a regularly dressed man on a bridge
in Two swimming green water. children	Two children swimming in green water.
is surfing surfer wave. the The	The surfer is surfing the wave.
woman past pink walks a opening store and A green in pants. in child small a clothing	A small child in green clothing walks past a store opening and a woman in pink pants.
cyclists Three near mountain. ride	Three cyclists ride near mountain.
big black the through bares teeth snow. running its dog while A	A big black dog bares its teeth while running through the snow.
A monkey on girl bars.	A girl on monkey bars.
A at fair. at at booth jewlery woman outdoor looking a an	A woman looking at jewlery at a booth at an outdoor fair.
up while running dog The is looking	The dog is running while looking up
playing Some kids with african ball. a	Some african kids playing with a ball.
red vehicles a going caravan green A mountain. and up of	A caravan of green and red vehicles going up a mountain.
young a man looks while lights another lighter on. A	A young man lights a lighter while another looks on.
dog wading pond the atop is mountain. the The in white	The white dog is wading in the pond atop the mountain.
a bat. teal A in baseball little a boy swinging uniform	A little boy in a teal uniform swinging a baseball bat.
shaved skirt walks in a brown girl and jean head teenage with jacket. blue a A	A teenage girl with a shaved head walks in a brown skirt and blue jean jacket.
down during track race. horses Jockeys ride the their horse a	Jockeys ride their horses down the track during a horse race.
are red that in tugging on a brown is dogs black dog's toy Two mouth. a	Two black dogs are tugging on a red toy that is in a brown dog's mouth.
the running with his a a mouth grass tennis ball dog beige in on	a beige dog running on the grass with a tennis ball in his mouth
drifting car is through yellow snow. A	A yellow car is drifting through snow.
Three are women hugging. and drinking	Three women are drinking and hugging.
baseball Boston player at a bat	a Boston baseball player at bat
in man makes A face. a a in covered black splatter, shirt, paintball	A man in a black shirt, covered in paintball splatter, makes a face.
getting of a a out is car. subway There bum	There is a bum getting out of a subway car.
posing camera. Two toddlers for the	Two toddlers posing for the camera.
the Two are dogs playing grass. in	Two dogs are playing in the grass.
either a Two from of on road another. opposite one run side dogs	Two dogs run on either side of a road opposite from one another.
red multicolor fighting brown cat a collar. in and a with dog black A	A multicolor cat fighting with a black and brown dog in a red collar.
skateboarding boy A	A boy skateboarding
beach is out a couple There walking at the dusk.	There is a couple walking out the beach at dusk.
is looking and brown at dog A the running up sky.	A brown dog is running and looking up at the sky.
sun pointing the to another look trying and child is to to sky block the is One	One child is pointing to the sky and another is trying to block the sun to look
dogs field a in each other Two face	Two dogs face each other in a field
and glasses and man a A baby. hat a with	A man with glasses and a hat and a baby.
a and young skirt a wearing through white girl the shirt a running grass. red	a young girl wearing a red shirt and a white skirt running through the grass.
wearing and green A jumps rope. girl a red over yellow	A girl wearing yellow jumps over a red and green rope.
with plays little A boy himself. baseball	A little boy plays baseball with himself.
from 2 a boys up at soccer are There ball. shirtless jumping water some looking	There are 2 shirtless boys jumping up from some water looking at a soccer ball.
and black dog on white grass. the runs A	A white and black dog runs on the grass.
brown next him. bowl from black to jumps drinking a a water A dog while down dog is	A brown dog is drinking water from a bowl while a black dog jumps down next to him.
rifle dog with man him. a standing A beside a aiming	A man aiming a rifle with a dog standing beside him.
peak stands Sole climber looking left mountain snowy atop	Sole mountain climber stands atop snowy peak looking left
of women on Two a side the road.	Two women on the side of a road.
water. over the flying A bird	A bird flying over the water.
its holding mouth. is ball ears dog The with pointy brown a in	The brown dog with pointy ears is holding a ball in its mouth.
grass. the with ears through tan dog large running little A	A little tan dog with large ears running through the grass.
dirt track. bikes around motocross raced a being Two are	Two motocross bikes are being raced around a dirt track.
in background. with crowd sign holding up a A man a the	A man holding up a sign with a crowd in the background.
mouth its stick holds a water. dog in in A the	A dog holds a stick in its mouth in the water.
and dead of blue field ball a orange grass. in mid-flight dog in an catches A	A dog in mid-flight catches an orange and blue ball in a field of dead grass.
with A flowers brown field through of dog yellow a spotted grass runs	A brown dog runs through a field of grass spotted with yellow flowers
book. and a and coat cap man wearing reading sitting black black leather is A a	A man wearing a black cap and black leather coat is sitting and reading a book.
shallow walk around white Two water. dogs in	Two white dogs walk around in shallow water.
parlor. a A banner beauty about	A banner about a beauty parlor.
the brown dog grass. A high in jumps	A brown dog jumps high in the grass.
a man eating. in black walking a past yellow signpost red and whilst	a man in black walking past a red and yellow signpost whilst eating.
a A skirt walks down and boots black the woman wearing sidewalk.	A woman wearing black boots and a skirt walks down the sidewalk.
a counter sit Three men restaurant. at the in	Three men sit at the counter in a restaurant.
of head man the a suit at wearing back meeting. A a scratches his	A man wearing a suit scratches the back of his head at a meeting.
green hillside. a A on dog	A dog on a green hillside.
dog runs A grass. through the	A dog runs through the grass.
small ball behind is a A dog red running bushes. towards thrown	A small dog is running behind a red ball thrown towards bushes.
of war two play a for tug toy. dogs red	two dogs play tug of war for a red toy.
takes man a him A friend with picture phone. and of his his	A man takes a picture of him and his friend with his phone.
and one a the has one The other hat. a headband teen	The one teen has a headband and the other one a hat.
bus. on of sitting a in one people two The seat back	The back of two people sitting on one seat in a bus.
table. at sits A man a	A man sits at a table.
A flip a high towed at while performs wakeboarder speed. being	A wakeboarder performs a flip while being towed at high speed.
teammate. her girl comforts in band The marching fellow the	The girl in the marching band comforts her fellow teammate.
smiles. dressed a pirate like child A	A child dressed like a pirate smiles.
car. group A global race	A global group race car.
the player a ball. tennis hits	a tennis player hits the ball.
runners. crowd large There of is a	There is a large crowd of runners.
dress wearing girl young A running. a Asian	A young Asian girl wearing a dress running.
behind foam A surfs, the him. man right	A man surfs, the foam right behind him.
store his and him A cashier in something handing is the man bag. the has purchased	A man in the store has purchased something and the cashier is handing him his bag.
bike. down a sliding on handrails stair Man	Man sliding down stair handrails on a bike.
to baseball boy base. runs a A	A boy runs to a baseball base.
hallway smiling in a There two are small girls	There are two small girls smiling in a hallway
with soccer little A playing girl a a dress in ball.	A little girl in a dress playing with a soccer ball.
covered at her. a behind looking mountain climbing Woman people snow	Woman climbing a snow covered mountain looking at people behind her.
slide a little a park. girl down at sliding is A	A little girl is sliding down a slide at a park.
through city Child runs fountain	Child runs through city fountain
grass. light-colored dog plays the in wearing A orange	A light-colored dog wearing orange plays in the grass.
up for hold the ". women " two night flyer a prom movie	two women hold up a flyer for the movie " prom night ".
boy The dancing red in the little shirt and the with people on. shirt blue in jeans while look is brown lady the two	The little boy in the red shirt is dancing with the lady in the brown shirt and blue jeans while two people look on.
shirt church a a stands lake edge blue a of with a on town white background. boy and in the in A in pants the	A boy in a blue shirt and white pants stands on the edge of a lake in a town with a church in the background.
shallow water standing red on A dog leash. a in	A dog standing in shallow water on a red leash.
girl A a camera. holding	A girl holding a camera.
street in crossing the men a city some busy	some men crossing the street in a busy city
dry with the of background. body in from field into bank A dog black the a leaps water, of a grass	A black dog leaps from the bank into a body of water, with a field of dry grass in the background.
taking around, pictures. are standing People hats in are while hard some	People in hard hats are standing around, while some are taking pictures.
shirt black jeans is from away fire on stove. man and a in A backing a a	A man in a black shirt and jeans is backing away from a fire on a stove.
the air in hangs water. man upside over A the	A man hangs upside in the air over the water.
mask underwater on. swims orange Boy with	Boy swims underwater with orange mask on.
jumping a pool. black dog A swimming into white and	A black and white dog jumping into a swimming pool.
swimming dogs Three a ball. of has one them and dark	Three dark dogs swimming and one of them has a ball.
player serve the female A ball. prepairing tennis to	A female tennis player prepairing to serve the ball.
watch game playing football bleachers. a from fans while players the Three	Three football players playing a game while fans watch from the bleachers.
up a gold statue. look towards Two people	Two people look up towards a gold statue.
A air as others snowboarder the in watch.	A snowboarder in the air as others watch.
gravel a on tan a retrieving white path. dog A and ball	A tan and white dog retrieving a ball on a gravel path.
through black a goes with dog white an obstacle. patch A	A white dog with a black patch goes through an obstacle.
the a woman baby sitting window in of are and seat A bus.	A woman and baby are sitting in the window seat of a bus.
sled A behind. dog from team seen	A dog sled team seen from behind.
snowy on past Dogsled hill. flags pulled rider	Dogsled rider pulled past flags on snowy hill.
skateboard, A doing trick. on guy a	A guy on skateboard, doing a trick.
another child back. One child her on carries	One child carries another child on her back.
dog running rocky white A a on beach.	A white dog running on a rocky beach.
water full of water A her the hair and woman all around. flips sprays	A woman flips her hair full of water and sprays the water all around.
stone of foliaged area. run wall edge puppies a small a heavily Two the nearby along	Two small puppies run along the edge of a stone wall nearby a heavily foliaged area.
while sit People tables with microphone. man a a speaks a	People sit a tables while a man speaks with a microphone.
the woods. in the from Two camera away dogs running	Two dogs running away from the camera in the woods.
muzzle corner. a racing A around a wearing dog is	A dog wearing a muzzle is racing around a corner.
raft. ride friends group the in current a A of	A group of friends ride the current in a raft.
black is in ball. jumping A to white air dog trying catch and the a tennis	A white and black dog is jumping in the air trying to catch a tennis ball.
colorful person snow. field from in A of tent vast peeks a a out	A person peeks out from a colorful tent in a vast field of snow.
rides elevator. a man down an holding A cup	A man holding a cup rides down an elevator.
runs A small through course. an obstacle dog	A small dog runs through an obstacle course.
jumping woman distance long watch. The people is a while	The woman is jumping a long distance while people watch.
pajamas Two in girls indoors.	Two girls in pajamas indoors.
A wearing the players blue walk uniforms baseball across grass. group of	A group of baseball players wearing blue uniforms walk across the grass.
a into on puddle boy is jumping The little street. the	The little boy is jumping into a puddle on the street.
through running tall grass. dog green A is brown	A brown dog is running through tall green grass.
the is with small dog playing ball A a on sand.	A small dog is playing with a ball on the sand.
jacket is brown a rock A a background. on in standing with woman forested a	A woman in a brown jacket is standing on a rock with a forested background.
on little grass a crying boy the	a little boy crying on the grass
black brown A dirt and path. on a a dog dog	A brown dog and a black dog on a dirt path.
a Men outside with of tent. stand hats on white	Men with hats on stand outside of a white tent.
across two dry ground. run dogs	two dogs run across dry ground.
his A a climbs poles. snowy up trail toward skier	A skier climbs up a snowy trail toward his poles.
A walk a down one people pushing a cart. grocery of street, residential group young	A group of young people walk down a residential street, one pushing a grocery cart.
in chair of front a man bookshelves. older, on asleep balding falling An	An older, balding man falling asleep on a chair in front of bookshelves.
on the man a stands ocean. cliff A overlooking	A man stands on a cliff overlooking the ocean.
surrounded cats. by A the street on man	A man on the street surrounded by cats.
the out a dog its hole tongue over A sand. with sits in	A dog with its tongue out sits over a hole in the sand.
A of kneels white field tulips. man yellow, red, a and in	A man kneels in a field of red, yellow, and white tulips.
skateboarding, graffiti. wall person while in of of a front in A air the	A person in the air while skateboarding, in front of a wall of graffiti.
beard up sign hat denim gray man thumbs his and a A a gives with hand. with	A man with a gray beard and denim hat gives a thumbs up sign with his hand.
Two white are swimming. dogs	Two white dogs are swimming.
and black brown small dog A	A small brown and black dog
down the girl A yellow laying man is at camera. is in and looking	A girl in yellow is laying down and man is looking at the camera.
lab A black jumps pond. a into off dock a	A black lab jumps off a dock into a pond.
black paper white shirt of holding vehicle. a small a boy in and A a in piece jeans	A small boy in jeans and a white shirt holding a piece of paper in a black vehicle.
stands atop face. A rock a person	A person stands atop a rock face.
brown ball is a mouth. A tennis running black with dog its in and	A black and brown dog is running with a tennis ball in its mouth.
cover. blue laying on a dog A brown	A brown dog laying on a blue cover.
biting Dog with stick. hair wet long	Dog with long wet hair biting stick.
dogs on grass. Two running	Two dogs running on grass.
the a A man looking at another wearing mask. camera with man	A man looking at the camera with another man wearing a mask.
in on a doing tricks bicycle Person a skatepark.	Person doing tricks on a bicycle in a skatepark.
hat a on wearing bag. man is the A sitting ground small with a	A man wearing a hat is sitting on the ground with a small bag.
near basketball area playing the on people Four beach. wooden	Four people playing basketball on wooden area near the beach.
and posing tree. the A family christmas mantle by	A family posing by the mantle and christmas tree.
roadside man down sunny a skateboards Shirtless	Shirtless man skateboards down a sunny roadside
a A Looks woman party. like talk a two a on and birthday children man. to cam web	A woman and two children talk on a web cam to a man. Looks like a birthday party.
bicycle of a A rider's leg. closeup	A closeup of a bicycle rider's leg.
beach. on arms A raises man rocky his	A man raises his arms on rocky beach.
karate Girls fighting on competition.	Girls fighting on karate competition.
of for bubble reaching a building a kids outside group	group of kids outside a building reaching for a bubble
young A young man picture taking outdoors a another man of	A young man taking a picture of another young man outdoors
lady back of a in wearing a crowd blue a distance. The halter top the shown, is	The back of a lady wearing a blue halter top is shown, a crowd in the distance.
dog tongue A is out. with ears a jumping flying log and over	A dog is jumping over a log with ears flying and tongue out.
face his swimming spots brown dog stick with on white A a in in mouth his water. with	A white dog with brown spots on his face with a stick in his mouth swimming in water.
in pool. person swimming underwater a A is	A person is swimming underwater in a pool.
glacier. jacket a large male to is hiker green next posing wearing A a	A male hiker wearing a green jacket is posing next to a large glacier.
soccer ball a game. tries to a catch goalie during A	A goalie tries to catch a ball during a soccer game.
other fence horse girl young on A ant watches a the clings side. the to	A young girl clings to a fence ant watches the horse on the other side.
her A connected up pole. fishing woman a is fish to holds that	A woman holds a fish up that is connected to her fishing pole.
yellow at is on golden dog the and toy A a looking grass. blue	A golden dog is looking at a blue and yellow toy on the grass.
of ledge beach couple the a on sitting people overlooking a several	a couple of several people sitting on a ledge overlooking the beach
flowers young, blonde A picking grassy in girl a field.	A young, blonde girl picking flowers in a grassy field.
wearing a walks white a snowy and black up and A steep sunglasses hat woman path.	A woman wearing a black hat and white sunglasses walks up a snowy and steep path.
running is the on a white dog grass. muzzled	a muzzled white dog is running on the grass.
holding a is man of in A a building. bus pole front	A man is holding a bus pole in front of a building.
with foot. her girl fountain A touches the	A girl touches the fountain with her foot.
the surrounding a people tree. sitting planter ; on on street a Two one	Two people on a street ; one sitting on the planter surrounding a tree.
blue, sitting in yellow girl A yellow a in a little outfit swing. and red	A little girl in a yellow outfit sitting in a blue, yellow and red swing.
orange an in jumping. hat A man	A man in an orange hat jumping.
riding open kid A field. a an bike in is	A kid is riding a bike in an open field.
a jumping in a metal A bike is rail playground. over a on boy	A boy on a bike is jumping over a metal rail in a playground.
greyhound against a are other competition. Four in dogs each racing	Four greyhound dogs are racing against each other in a competition.
of deep snow stands man mountain. jacket green at A in a base a the in	A man in a green jacket stands in deep snow at the base of a mountain.
holding and girl The a album. is wearing Jackson Michael headphones	The girl is wearing headphones and holding a Michael Jackson album.
up around table. stand men while holds paper a a boy his	a boy holds up his paper while men stand around a table.
in on trampoline A doing the girl is a air. trick and blue a is	A girl is doing a trick on a blue trampoline and is in the air.
midair. dog a in Frisbee yellow catches A	A yellow dog catches a Frisbee in midair.
hair big flower A neck. is her has beads a around and some female her purple wearing in	A female is wearing a big purple flower in her hair and has some beads around her neck.
is This man jumping. bungee	This man is bungee jumping.
air. in shirt the player up tennis in holding is racquet the blue The his	The tennis player in the blue shirt is holding his racquet up in the air.
corner. is number and helmet a The black in motorcyclist going blue a around 52	The number 52 motorcyclist in a blue and black helmet is going around a corner.
fountain front Two smiling. a men are standing in of	Two men are standing in front of a fountain smiling.
dressed funny in Four women up costumes.	Four women dressed up in funny costumes.
in industrial walking area are an people	people are walking in an industrial area
Little boy outside. sidewalk sitting the on	Little boy sitting on the sidewalk outside.
a trick wooden doing a bicycle A ramp. person over	A person doing a bicycle trick over a wooden ramp.
and a white jeans two skateboard each carrying people shirts wearing	two people wearing white shirts and jeans each carrying a skateboard
sits elderly with dog. stump woman on a white tree An a	An elderly woman sits on a tree stump with a white dog.
Man on hand. with raises mask	Man with mask on raises hand.
a branch up is climbing in A a gray park. dog tree low	A gray dog is climbing up a low tree branch in a park.
on a is doing handstand the floor. a gymnast a blue in leotard workout	a gymnast in a blue leotard is doing a handstand on the workout floor.
Two shore. twilight the on bicycle riders in	Two bicycle riders in twilight on the shore.
girl little playing with toy ground. colorful a A in is the	A little girl is playing with a colorful toy in the ground.
boy his a skateboard a against does A trick wall. with teenager	A teenager boy does a trick with his skateboard against a wall.
fluffy A along path. Sheltie a is trotting	A fluffy Sheltie is trotting along a path.
horses. two contestent between rodeo A being drug	A rodeo contestent being drug between two horses.
helmet the his boy red and bicycle. rides blue with The	The boy with the red and blue helmet rides his bicycle.
car the is in water A	A car is in the water
all child water by from of A a park ring sprayed sides a is at water.	A child at a water park is sprayed from all sides by a ring of water.
a snowy mountains. on their Two the hill people raise in arms	Two people raise their arms on a snowy hill in the mountains.
horses an cow in on Two people arena. chasing	Two people on horses chasing cow in an arena.
snowboard. sliding brick a person is a rail a down on	a person is sliding down a brick rail on a snowboard.
A at dog black dog. black brown a and small larger brown growls and	A small black and brown dog growls at a larger black and brown dog.
dogs white with over wall. muzzles red a jump Four	Four white dogs with muzzles jump over a red wall.
woman climbing two volleyball a watch. others A a as beach is net on	A woman is climbing a volleyball net on a beach as two others watch.
A the water. waves boat speed over jumps in	A speed boat jumps over waves in the water.
short the white dog A grass. walks over	A white dog walks over the short grass.
A a bull through pen. dog chases a muddy	A dog chases a bull through a muddy pen.
a white to how toddler woman in cap a swim a swimming teaches pool. A swim in	A woman in a white swim cap teaches a toddler how to swim in a swimming pool.
are as suspended air a in in of ball ride. part Two people a type metal carnival	Two people are suspended in air in a metal ball as part of a carnival type ride.
in young field a a in A boy a grassy plays red mini-trampoline shirt on	A young boy in a red shirt plays on a mini-trampoline in a grassy field
a looking window. outfits The at in in store black woman clothing is	The woman in black is looking at outfits in a clothing store window.
orange helmet white man donning an climbing up A a glacier. is	A man donning an orange helmet is climbing up a white glacier.
rocks. a jeep drives A over man rough	A man drives a jeep over rough rocks.
group A up to racers of start. lined motocross	A group of motocross racers lined up to start.
A man stands band guitar. wearing holding in sunglasses a front equipment of	A man wearing sunglasses stands in front of band equipment holding a guitar.
celebrate clapping cheering. young Several and by people	Several young people celebrate by clapping and cheering.
team a A against the man game in white the the ball team on heading purple	A man on the purple team heading the ball in a game against the white team
from A into pool girl board a a diving jumping	A girl jumping from a diving board into a pool
in sandpit sand row Two sitting to next castles. girls are of a little a	Two little girls are sitting in a sandpit next to a row of sand castles.
air field the with red Six players in in player soccer airborne. ball and uniform on	Six soccer players on field with player in red uniform in the air and ball airborne.
back. man with in a children two rowboat, paddling A	A man paddling a rowboat, with two children in back.
standing is a A pictures. on and of hiker taking is rock large male top very	A male hiker is standing on top of a very large rock and is taking pictures.
men near and woman Two a standing a doorway.	Two men and a woman standing near a doorway.
on girl young out her. a swing, hair is her is flying swinging behind and The	The young girl is swinging on a swing, and her hair is flying out behind her.
falling away he as a from The the jump. attempt is skateboard skateboarder	The skateboard is falling away from the skateboarder as he attempt a jump.
lake. A dog in a	A dog in a lake.
in band. hats Three a western girls for dance	Three girls in western hats dance for a band.
A on gym. a little plays jacket jungle red boy in a	A little boy in a red jacket plays on a jungle gym.
outside stand Two wine shop. a people	Two people stand outside a wine shop.
Children an pool. in play inflatable	Children play in an inflatable pool.
a lay on purple upside down bed. Two dogs	Two dogs lay upside down on a purple bed.
young a Three looking window. boys through	Three young boys looking through a window.
a dress girl The has on. purple little	The little girl has a purple dress on.
sits A fingers black up chair its and baby a white its puts and in nose.	A baby sits in a black and white chair and puts its fingers up its nose.
up rope is man A with rock face down. climbing dangling young a one	A young man is climbing up a rock face with one rope dangling down.
playful is grass. the dog running A through	A playful dog is running through the grass.
while in playing holding dog another lady dog is yard. the one A	A lady holding one dog while another dog is playing in the yard.
by just balloon A surrounded people. off hot the air ground	A hot air balloon just off the ground surrounded by people.
ropes. tall person in very by a climbs blue A and blue up red cliff, attached	A person in blue climbs up a very tall cliff, attached by red and blue ropes.
through Large brown grassy a dog area. runs large	Large brown dog runs through a large grassy area.
playing the on beach. with dogs their Someone	Someone playing with their dogs on the beach.
has and Black in blue dog white ball mouth.	Black and white dog has blue ball in mouth.
light is dog black A a dog. brown noses touching with	A black dog is touching noses with a light brown dog.
from the kite man surfing A camera. away is	A man is kite surfing away from the camera.
at a Two and player. an at women are embracing looking side road mp3 of the young	Two young women are embracing at the side of a road and looking at an mp3 player.
child snow. shallow tracks gear is making in winter A small in	A small child in winter gear is making tracks in shallow snow.
a to girl a a him shirtless A slouching dog on with to shirtless talking next bench. man	A shirtless man with a dog next to him talking to a shirtless girl slouching on a bench.
bikinis walking women the on are wearing sand. Two	Two women wearing bikinis are walking on the sand.
between two man jumps rocks. bicycle A his in the air	A man jumps his bicycle in the air between two rocks.
the A a is gazing blue into wearing baseball man cap distance.	A man wearing a blue baseball cap is gazing into the distance.
has snow, and is The dog stick in its in a mouth.	The dog is in snow, and has a stick in its mouth.
the in dogs playing Two are snow.	Two dogs are playing in the snow.
outside. ATV's on Three people	Three people on ATV's outside.
adult one Three street. women, Asian a and a crossing an one one child elderly,	Three Asian women, one elderly, one a child and one an adult crossing a street.
together. children playy three	three children playy together.
young and tank railroad standing tracks. jeans on in a A top woman	A young woman in jeans and a tank top standing on railroad tracks.
with woman helmet a bike. a riding A	A woman with a helmet riding a bike.
playground. girl is a A young walking very on	A very young girl is walking on a playground.
dog puddles medium through A running sized	A medium sized dog running through puddles
A a green holding ball. boy bathroom is a little in	A little boy is in a bathroom holding a green ball.
hula The woman hoops sidewalk. down the	The woman hula hoops down the sidewalk.
Young glee with girls play together and joy.	Young girls play together with glee and joy.
the dirt road a middle a of kid in standing	a kid standing in the middle of a dirt road
A runs lawn. on through a girl sprinklers	A girl runs through sprinklers on a lawn.
is hill. snowboarding This a off person	This person is snowboarding off a hill.
mouth grass. something dog in in A with the running his	A dog running with something in his mouth in the grass.
A stadium. almost in boy shirt an empty green sitting is a in	A boy in a green shirt is sitting in an almost empty stadium.
white wearing a and man An sunglasses t-shirt older	An older man wearing sunglasses and a white t-shirt
to red soccer in ready kick other boy getting watches. while boy ball Little	Little boy in red getting ready to kick soccer ball while other boy watches.
track muzzle dog a a running greyhound on	a muzzle greyhound dog running on a track
Two boys hoops denim hula play in with	Two boys in denim play with hula hoops
the black play dogs Two grass. big in other with each	Two big black dogs play with each other in the grass.
white a dog. A black at dog bites	A white dog bites at a black dog.
trick skateboarding set of a boy down a stairs. performs A	A boy performs a skateboarding trick down a set of stairs.
a pool girl into swimming A jumping	A girl jumping into a swimming pool
playing with young sparklers. boys Two	Two young boys playing with sparklers.
eyes A a from man comes in the as ground landing he parasailing. for	A man eyes the ground as he comes in for a landing from parasailing.
sitting Young on hooded in jacket man mountain in area. snow	Young man in hooded jacket sitting on snow in mountain area.
young diners the in preparing A background with man food	A young man preparing food with diners in the background
girl game. is a a teenage catching A during softball	A teenage girl is catching a softball during a game.
is and red dressed in statue. stands coat The boy to a next a	The boy is dressed in a red coat and stands next to a statue.
edge A pool. of poodle the walks black a on	A black poodle walks on the edge of a pool.
dog and A black fighting are a spotted dog	A black dog and a spotted dog are fighting
are in children playing a fountain. The three	The three children are playing in a fountain.
accordion. A plays man an	A man plays an accordion.
in does cap jump man skateboard A a a pipe. a on half baseball	A man in a baseball cap does a skateboard jump on a half pipe.
man A sculpture and near stand a red woman outdoors. large	A man and woman stand near a large red sculpture outdoors.
pulling Two a wagon. boys	Two boys pulling a wagon.
stone stuffed animals. holding path girls on Two a little	Two little girls on a stone path holding stuffed animals.
and straight their their up. down dogs Two a hole heads with tails sticking are	Two dogs with their heads down a hole and their tails are sticking straight up.
looking one camera, the tongue at sticking smiling, young Two are out. boys his other the	Two young boys are looking at the camera, one smiling, the other sticking his tongue out.
snow are children making angels. Two	Two children are making snow angels.
tunnel a a in walking women park. Three through	Three women walking through a tunnel in a park.
hair with talks A clothing and bright striped phone. woman a on red	A woman with bright red hair and striped clothing talks on a phone.
girl A a small riding unicycle.	A small girl riding a unicycle.
sized in tan There is medium snow. dog a out colored the	There is a medium sized tan colored dog out in the snow.
a golden to ball catch a tries dog	a golden dog tries to catch a ball
walking man down the the road. A his cow side of	A man walking his cow down the side of the road.
boy The a a car young face silly is buckled in seat. with	The young boy with a silly face is buckled in a car seat.
sitting the the off is staring curb into woman A on distance.	A woman is sitting on the curb staring off into the distance.
man takes a a nap. bearded	a bearded man takes a nap.
dancing Children flooring. hardwood on	Children dancing on hardwood flooring.
man A orange skateboards an cone. around	A man skateboards around an orange cone.
in mountains person area, Distant blue backpack rocky with hiking in background.	Distant person with blue backpack hiking in rocky area, mountains in background.
out struck man playing cricket. A	A man struck out playing cricket.
players about college football off. face Two to	Two college football players about to face off.
a A the in in walking boy the water towards sand swimsuit	A boy in a swimsuit walking in the sand towards the water
on person A a wave. parasailing	A person parasailing on a wave.
a paper. with a Three boys standing bunch yard in of	Three boys standing in a yard with a bunch of paper.
A child petting a dog.	A child petting a dog.
emerges mouth. form A water the with its a stick in dog	A dog emerges form the water with a stick in its mouth.
low bird a flies ground. to the	a bird flies low to the ground.
a man on A doing trick a skateboard.	A man doing a trick on a skateboard.
busy of a street. silhouette A a on a hat in city man	A silhouette of a man in a hat on a busy city street.
back desert on kids camel Two in	Two kids on camel back in desert
top boy railings. on The is of the	The boy is on top of the railings.
Two a little in bar. pink swing pants smiling girls blonde metal from	Two smiling little blonde girls in pink pants swing from a metal bar.
girls sidewalk a on Two the walking and woman	Two girls and a woman walking on the sidewalk
boy little feeding hand. mother eat food by helps his him her by A	A mother helps her little boy eat his food by feeding him by hand.
mask a A ski is a guitar. wearing man black playing	A man wearing a black ski mask is playing a guitar.
the police with cloth holding the baton biting is dog officer on is The the attack to	The attack dog is biting the cloth the officer with the police baton is holding on to
goal the posts. sliding The is near the white goalie and jersey blue with	The goalie with the blue and white jersey is sliding near the goal posts.
a wears socks beat on brown A black white man with up shoes bicycle.	A man wears white socks with beat up brown shoes on a black bicycle.
characters. Asian flags Guys standing black holding are and girls around with	Guys and girls are standing around holding black flags with Asian characters.
on an swings orange in child swing. shirt A a	A child in an orange shirt swings on a swing.
boys running trees. leafy a Two path on amoung green are	Two boys are running on a path amoung green leafy trees.
standing a boy kick. water doing in A	A boy standing in water doing a kick.
hand. nets walking with line grass through people in Several in	Several people in line walking through grass with nets in hand.
on valley. cliff a Man stands overlooking green distant	Man stands on distant cliff overlooking a green valley.
brown collar a with on heart with bigger dog pink with playing A it a dog. a	A brown dog with a pink collar with a heart on it playing with a bigger dog.
large Three a enjoy snow. the dogs romp in	Three large dogs enjoy a romp in the snow.
Boy the a bed black wearing t-shirt. over is bouncing	Boy is bouncing over the bed wearing a black t-shirt.
another on watches ride children round swing the grass. from while Three a	Three children ride on a round swing while another watches from the grass.
in behind is standing cap man orange large, cones. a A white homeless	A homeless man in a white cap is standing behind large, orange cones.
group greyhound of a track. dirt A runs around dogs	A group of greyhound dogs runs around a dirt track.
grass. mouth green running in tennis with White ball through dog a its	White dog with a tennis ball in its mouth running through green grass.
tube a boy holding camera. and at A smiling the	A boy holding a tube and smiling at the camera.
tricycle. rides A a girl little	A little girl rides a tricycle.
building. jumping is water side boy in the a fountain of off stone running of a front A	A boy is jumping off the side of a running stone water fountain in front of a building.
sit darkness. by a campfire Several in the people	Several people sit by a campfire in the darkness.
in The before in man blue white, woman and silver blue, stand car. in a child	The man in blue, woman in white, and child in blue stand before a silver car.
full students. of class A	A class full of students.
A Easter on Island. two structures man face stands by	A man stands by two face structures on Easter Island.
wearing is The the on surfer wave. surfboard blue colorful a suit catching the	The surfer wearing the blue suit on the colorful surfboard is catching a wave.
arm a the his pan. man air flips tattoo his into left food his frying A with on with	A man with a tattoo on his left arm flips his food into the air with his frying pan.
player basketball ball. the A dribbles Carolina North	A North Carolina basketball player dribbles the ball.
flute A young in girl playing a walking a by a while in parka field. fenced	A young girl in a parka playing a flute while walking by a fenced in field.
Shaggy in dog jumps the little snow.	Shaggy little dog jumps in the snow.
hill bicyclist a the A goes by in blue up woods.	A bicyclist in blue goes up a hill by the woods.
sprayed tub water puppies are in person. by with a the being Three	Three puppies are in the tub being sprayed with water by a person.
Two chatting a construction site. on flaggers	Two flaggers chatting on a construction site.
each other. to police talk and officer a a man	a man and a police officer talk to each other.
his body face and painted. young of Closeup boy with	Closeup of young boy with his face and body painted.
forward. something dog in its A is with pink looking mouth	A dog with something pink in its mouth is looking forward.
air jeans A shows his boy leaps shadow in and wearing the below.	A boy wearing jeans leaps in the air and shows his shadow below.
A camera with background a the running in dog toward the man	A dog running toward the camera with a man in the background
flag wearing gra and mardi a Man beads waving	Man wearing mardi gra beads and waving a flag
in in body a built water. walking child A orange walkway on wooden of	A child in orange walking on wooden walkway built in a body of water.
man shirt. a pink chubby with cheeks blue A baby and holds	A man holds a chubby baby with pink cheeks and blue shirt.
ATV an over riding hill a A is man	A man is riding an ATV over a hill
the to jumps dog catch surf. A ball in a	A dog jumps to catch a ball in the surf.
competition. dark jumping dog a in an yellow hurdle is a wearing agility brown harness A over	A dark brown dog wearing a yellow harness is jumping over a hurdle in an agility competition.
playing soccer. clothes girl Blond in blue	Blond girl in blue clothes playing soccer.
A are at the barefoot beach sunset. girl walking man and on	A man and girl are walking barefoot on the beach at sunset.
and is a child gloves in airborne helmet a skateboard a on	a child in a helmet and gloves on a skateboard is airborne
a his toy German mouth. A young in runs Shepherd with	A young German Shepherd runs with a toy in his mouth.
arm. young is except head in A for and child covered straw the left	A young child is covered in straw except for the head and left arm.
in dog soccer White ball. leaping the a air for	White dog leaping in the air for a soccer ball.
sales sunshade on with A passing a is merchant the woman green beach. a	A woman with a green sunshade is passing a sales merchant on the beach.
sand. A over the dog jumps	A dog jumps over the sand.
his by looking on funny has has and One is hole. face hands his head boy his through a who expression a up	One boy who has a funny expression on his face has his hands up by his head and is looking through a hole.
ball of holds Two doberman's field run tennis in one a a through them while mouth. its	Two doberman's run through a field while one of them holds a tennis ball in its mouth.
surface. running grassy A brown and its in ears open the dog air with a on mouth	A brown dog with its mouth open and ears in the air running on a grassy surface.
blue Little blue on orange a him. pillow a and furniture and boy jumping under gray wearing with pajamas	Little boy wearing gray and blue pajamas jumping on furniture with a blue and a orange pillow under him.
police a group in the the with streets officers of patroling background a building	a group of police officers patroling the streets with a building in the background
and the uniform 58 motorcycle A with person racing it. wearing is a red white number on a	A person wearing a red and white uniform is racing a motorcycle with the number 58 on it.
on bathing suits from watching fishing in of a lake, boat. girls shore the Two someone sit little a	Two little girls in bathing suits sit on the shore of a lake, watching someone fishing from a boat.
man skiing slope. red snow is A in down a	A man in red is skiing down a snow slope.
dog. A from shirt a something tugging a man striped away in	A man in a striped shirt tugging something away from a dog.
ride their in Two up a raise people rollercoaster arms	Two people raise up their arms in a rollercoaster ride
the train. in window a A man by sits	A man sits by the window in a train.
forehead bat his spins and around. puts a boy on little A	A little boy puts a bat on his forehead and spins around.
red long woman A in wears glasses earrings. and	A woman in red wears glasses and long earrings.
and the res road. Blue a men higher in on with a background road car a car on small slightly	Blue car on a small road with men in the background and a res car on a slightly higher road.
blue surfs. A wetsuit man a in	A man in a blue wetsuit surfs.
walks snowy brown in The and an camera, dog black enclosed, area. toward the	The black and brown dog walks toward the camera, in an enclosed, snowy area.
down. A sitting is toddler	A toddler is sitting down.
street. on soccer Children play narrow city a	Children play soccer on a narrow city street.
a mouth. a Frisbee front running small dog in The of in with is black its boy	The small boy is running in front of a black dog with a Frisbee in its mouth.
camera Tourists at pose night. for	Tourists pose for camera at night.
Woman rope beside bridge it. walking caution a sign man and across wooden with	Woman and man walking across wooden rope bridge with a caution sign beside it.
a sidewalk. Two down appear fun to having be men rollerblading	Two men appear to be having fun rollerblading down a sidewalk.
and firetruck a on man A a sidewalk walks nearby. is	A man walks on a sidewalk and a firetruck is nearby.
green yard. young a Two across boys run	Two young boys run across a green yard.
black A his man dog white performing flip. a and back demonstrating	A man demonstrating his black and white dog performing a back flip.
toy boy his playing A off his trains. with while takes glasses	A boy takes off his glasses while playing with his toy trains.
the and with beach. hat man girl in bucket a on a A a	A man with a bucket and a girl in a hat on the beach.
and mother rural area five in black A children a	A black mother and five children in a rural area
in a A yard dog brown large fenced	A large brown dog in a fenced yard
man clowns rodeo standing dressed A in and boy a as sand	A boy and a man dressed as rodeo clowns standing in sand
player the catcher. argues with baseball A	A baseball player argues with the catcher.
on surfboard surfer catching A wave. white his a	A surfer on his white surfboard catching a wave.
riding in a a A man jacket is yellow the horse through mountains.	A man in a yellow jacket is riding a horse through the mountains.
his on holding next a man wearing head bottle box a black standing and hoodie. A is wine man wearing a a to	A man holding a wine bottle and wearing a box on his head is standing next to a man wearing a black hoodie.
Three tattoos, with women, street walking the two down	Three women, two with tattoos, walking down the street
man tattoos dark with hair and chest. glasses style on A arms on, tanned and punk	A tanned man with dark glasses on, punk style hair and tattoos on arms and chest.
boy man a pushes a zip line. a on	a man pushes a boy on a zip line.
at docked three a pier tree. Boats men and has palm lone a which	Boats docked at a pier which has three men and a lone palm tree.
A court. boy a in holding shorts basketball with is a red basketball	A boy with red shorts is holding a basketball in a basketball court.
rocks near wooden people a on the sitting Five shed	Five people sitting on the rocks near a wooden shed
Three dirt. the in running dogs	Three dogs running in the dirt.
man her. woman to bearded chair A in at the next lawn the smiling sitting is	A woman is smiling at the bearded man sitting in the lawn chair next to her.
truck road. down hauled ambulance bed A being a damaged is on the	A damaged ambulance is being hauled on a truck bed down the road.
behind mountains stands in field a dog stunning clouds with lush the and A it. brown	A brown dog stands in a lush field with the stunning clouds and mountains behind it.
girl the is snow. out hole in purple that dug laying a The has been of jacket the in	The girl in the purple jacket is laying in a hole that has been dug out of the snow.
for a A picture. group of gather partying girls	A group of partying girls gather for a picture.
water. down boats ledge in looks a the over a at A many young jersey wearing boy	A young boy wearing a jersey looks down over a ledge at many boats in the water.
in is Superman on laying brown A a shirt a dog blanket. blue	A brown dog in a Superman shirt is laying on a blue blanket.
a into man. of arms an height A jumping young boy the from	A young boy jumping from a height into the arms of an man.
A juggling man the swim beach trunks in on is	A man in swim trunks is juggling on the beach
steps skateboarder building. outside A of leaps a corporate	A skateboarder leaps of steps outside a corporate building.
team. Two to tackle players try player of opposite football the a	Two football players try to tackle a player of the opposite team.
man basketball blocks ball An dribbles orange-clad the another player while Miami	An orange-clad Miami basketball player dribbles the ball while another man blocks
jumping dog in front in the dog up at of A jeans. another brown is man	A brown dog is jumping up at another dog in front of the man in jeans.
water some off man a into a jumping blond cliff	a blond man jumping off a cliff into some water
boy rollerskating. Two girls and a	Two girls and a boy rollerskating.
is dog large grey jumping The colored on beach. the	The large grey colored dog is jumping on the beach.
watching heavily. a stand smoke people car Many by	Many people stand by watching a car smoke heavily.
a swing. riding A child tire blonde	A blonde child riding a tire swing.
young a during a is trick. flipping A man skateboard	A young man is flipping a skateboard during a trick.
sitting of tent. hooded on a in a wearing snow front Person jacket yellow	Person wearing a hooded jacket sitting on snow in front of a yellow tent.
the play grass. dogs in Three black	Three black dogs play in the grass.
slide is water splashing of in a a pool. boy the green at paddling foot A	A boy is splashing at the foot of a green water slide in a paddling pool.
red A wearing a across quickly dog runs a field. cape	A dog wearing a red cape runs quickly across a field.
a splashed is being pool The and woman in	The woman is in a pool and being splashed
A is standing a blonde in fountain. front girl little of water	A little blonde girl is standing in front of a water fountain.
a Yellow faucet. Labrador drinking from water	Yellow Labrador drinking water from a faucet.
an acting older is Two with bats the girls play young to while as sponge girl being referee.	Two young girls with sponge bats being to play while an older girl is acting as the referee.
with backpack a a A stands person on mountain. snowy	A person with a backpack stands on a snowy mountain.
down rapid. quickly white yellow kayak is water a descending A	A yellow kayak is descending quickly down a white water rapid.
standing legs malnourished to appearing to dog his A be jump. is on about hind	A dog appearing to be malnourished is standing on his hind legs about to jump.
white out someone's bird A hand seeds eating of and black	A black and white bird eating seeds out of someone's hand
meadow. is sunbathing woman young of group A	A group of young woman sunbathing is meadow.
nose. is dog brown its licking A	A brown dog is licking its nose.
dog blue The of is white tunnel. out a coming small	The small white dog is coming out of a blue tunnel.
shirt A brown a side. and white a in jacket his man to looks	A man in a brown jacket and a white shirt looks to his side.
are men on sitting a Middle Three together. sidewalk Eastern	Three Middle Eastern men are sitting on a sidewalk together.
field. Four in blue ATV on are a girls sitting	Four girls are sitting on a blue ATV in field.
mouth open has trying to dog bite its wide something. A	A dog has its mouth wide open trying to bite something.
and blue a item a man window. in holding shirt wearing The a is black up	The man is wearing a black shirt and holding up a blue item in a window.
a on. with A car its is racing driving wet track around headlights	A racing car is driving around a wet track with its headlights on.
girls playing in a Two mud pool. small in	Two girls playing in mud in a small pool.
innertube with something. A saying swimming girl an	A girl swimming with an innertube saying something.
a from runs in blue A blue. woman away boy in	A boy in blue runs away from a woman in blue.
dog sand. bounds the A black across	A black dog bounds across the sand.
gym. Kids playing jungle at a park	Kids playing at a park jungle gym.
Two running along path. dirt dogs	Two dogs running along dirt path.
and in play A a woman water. child the	A woman and a child play in the water.
through Dog in running snow jacket	Dog in jacket running through snow
outside jumps in the shaggy grass. dog A	A shaggy dog jumps outside in the grass.
standing at of People animals wall. balloons game stuffed and on carnival	People standing at carnival game of balloons and stuffed animals on wall.
towards dog a A camera. black dog are and running brown	A black dog and a brown dog are running towards camera.
through mouth. ball a its water with A outdoors dog swims tennis brown in	A brown dog swims through water outdoors with a tennis ball in its mouth.
mouth. in A with with girl in a hands of striped front bread shirt	A girl with a striped shirt with bread in hands in front of mouth.
a is jump doing skiing. The man while	The man is doing a jump while skiing.
tan a chewing broom. a dog on	a tan dog chewing on a broom.
surfers Two wave. riding a on small	Two surfers on riding a small wave.
a boy and a ball in toothbrush. bathroom holding the is A green	A boy is in the bathroom holding a green ball and a toothbrush.
person child a taking a of outfit. a photograph A in colourful	A person taking a photograph of a child in a colourful outfit.
waters. fishing tan hat and in A with jacket green man a is	A man with a tan hat and jacket is fishing in green waters.
people water. Two sunbathe beside	Two people sunbathe beside water.
advertisement an people with a bus bench present. at stop Two on enclosed wait	Two people wait at an enclosed bus stop on a bench with advertisement present.
field. run in together Two around dogs the	Two dogs run around together in the field.
rock person A is climbing.	A person is rock climbing.
standing red Woman sidewalk. on the overalls in	Woman in red overalls standing on the sidewalk.
grassy and muzzled and white brown, a Five white lawn. dogs green, run across	Five white and white and brown, muzzled dogs run across a green, grassy lawn.
in his boy holds a a goat arms.	a boy holds a goat in his arms.
bicycle. air on A a flying through the person	A person flying through the air on a bicycle.
restaurant. Many Mexican people sit a in	Many people sit in a Mexican restaurant.
black poodles manicured tussle a lawn. grassy, on Two playfully	Two black poodles playfully tussle on a grassy, manicured lawn.
is poodle white grass the walking carrying on large sandal. a A	A large white poodle is walking on the grass carrying a sandal.
her running A a water brown is which drinking. holds hose, girl young next dog to a from	A young girl holds a running water hose, from which a brown dog next to her is drinking.
playing near a in grass are dogs Several boat. the	Several dogs are playing in the grass near a boat.
the front a of Bear in workshop. Two Build little girls	Two little girls in front of the Build a Bear workshop.
ball. the A hit player tennis to about	A tennis player about to hit the ball.
each boy with around white boy stand one other. black One arms and	One white boy and one black boy stand with arms around each other.
A boy wearing hat, a on closed swing. a eyes, with	A boy with closed eyes, wearing a hat, on a swing.
with to counter. orange on reach White bows dog kitchen ears leaps	White dog with orange bows on ears leaps to reach kitchen counter.
his hiker way A downhill. makes	A hiker makes his way downhill.
someone bird white seeds and Black standing of hand on holding sunflower	Black and white bird standing on hand of someone holding sunflower seeds
down a slope. snowboarding covered Person snow	Person snowboarding down a snow covered slope.
boy a A holding float.	A boy holding a float.
bunch a vintage parked lot. in cars are A of	A bunch of vintage cars are parked in a lot.
are Many ice skaters. people outside watching	Many people are outside watching ice skaters.
Two with is the water toss standing them. and while a men in a ball dog	Two men toss a ball while standing in the water and a dog is with them.
a boy girls watch. as music little and man A play	A man and a boy play music as little girls watch.
Dog running through the weeds.	Dog running through the weeds.
a bird A black branch carrying beak. small while tree in flies its	A black bird flies while carrying a small tree branch in its beak.
A beach. shoreline is the walking on Beagle dog the at	A Beagle dog is walking on the shoreline at the beach.
near in A a sand man dog. kneels beach wet a at the	A man kneels in the wet sand at a beach near a dog.
riding a brick person a A on bike is wall. grey in	A person in grey is riding a bike on a brick wall.
ramp off man watch. a others A skateboard while tricks does	A man does skateboard tricks off a ramp while others watch.
an Spider-Man a bedspread. A outfit man of grown made wears	A grown man wears an outfit made of a Spider-Man bedspread.
girls a walkway holding several on stand Two stuffed animals.	Two girls stand on a walkway holding several stuffed animals.
playing with rings. a is a a blue of bandanna set wearing colored baby	a baby wearing a blue bandanna is playing with a set of colored rings.
on A jumps man a snowboard. while	A man jumps while on a snowboard.
swimming Two dogs a stick. with	Two dogs swimming with a stick.
A group people talking. dressed-up of	A group of dressed-up people talking.
A and beside the concrete a the building. female talking walking on phone male	A male walking and a female talking on the phone beside the concrete building.
" number 8 races a dog on a track. wearing A "	A dog wearing a number " 8 " races on a track.
spikes female ball. the a bikini volleyball and wearing player jumps A	A female volleyball player wearing a bikini jumps and spikes the ball.
in him a with pool playing boy a behind beach A ball	A boy with a beach ball behind him playing in a pool
The to next boy the barn. swings	The boy swings next to the barn.
on a is doing person stunt a motorcycle. This	This person is doing a stunt on a motorcycle.
of beneath a bronze Two horse the children sculpture. hoof lie	Two children lie beneath the hoof of a bronze horse sculpture.
a in on man has a stick tugging that mouth his dog a little	a man tugging on a stick that a little dog has in his mouth
grass white a through flowers. pink The dog and and is of field running brown	The brown and white dog is running through a field of grass and pink flowers.
girl splashes the water. The little through	The little girl splashes through the water.
A boy game. a plays	A boy plays a game.
light dipping A yellow is posing hand. shirt a brown with in a with long shorts and boy spoon each	A boy with a yellow shirt and light brown shorts is posing with a long dipping spoon in each hand.
on sitting formation. Several foldable people chairs near a geological	Several people sitting on foldable chairs near a geological formation.
saddled A woman an pats rides. to elephant that give is	A woman pats an elephant that is saddled to give rides.
a in A on raincoat yellow seating person cliff. a	A person in a yellow raincoat seating on a cliff.
boy airborne. a snowboard on is red A	A boy on a red snowboard is airborne.
women Men are in their tops and dark and the to shorts ceiling. hands stretching	Men and women in dark shorts and tops are stretching their hands to the ceiling.
campus. a man A on walking with Mohawk	A man with a Mohawk walking on campus.
playfully on stretch small a an tosses overcast of man jacket empty girl air an into day. on A in the orange beach an	A man in an orange jacket playfully tosses a small girl into the air on an empty stretch of beach on an overcast day.
path on onlookers. race dirt Blue riding car with	Blue race car riding on dirt path with onlookers.
dirt ridden a is being circuit. bike as around motocross up it bend kicks a the in	a motocross bike kicks up dirt as it is being ridden around a bend in the circuit.
a skateboard red a riding boy in a street the on shirt	a boy in a red shirt riding a skateboard on the street
wearing on coat fake a grass. A dog a with plays toy	A dog wearing a coat plays with a toy on fake grass.
around people various and sitting table Five instruments. a playing	Five people sitting around a table and playing various instruments.
over white harness yellow obstacle with dog Brown jumping	Brown dog with yellow harness jumping over white obstacle
of a is man front standing in with red filled scruffy cart A shopping boxes.	A scruffy man is standing in front of a red shopping cart filled with boxes.
with romp the the mountains dog in enjoys in water background. and A sand a	A dog enjoys a romp in the water with mountains and sand in the background.
Miami player basketball shooting	Miami basketball player shooting
on the the a A couple camera. to car their with sit backs of hood	A couple sit on the hood of a car with their backs to the camera.
jumps child the more A ground. muddy into mud on	A muddy child jumps into more mud on the ground.
fence. in next to brown white standing a a dog white of brown front and smaller dog and A	A brown and white dog standing next to a smaller brown and white dog in front of a fence.
steep hill. covered skier snow rapidly A descending a	A skier rapidly descending a steep snow covered hill.
rottweiler A running.	A rottweiler running.
street partially workers behind building constructed a sign standing several in	several workers standing in a partially constructed building behind street sign
wanting A plate by dog food person. brown a a held from is	A brown dog is wanting food from a plate held by a person.
at area. rural angle a riding in a bike a in an person is There green shirt a extreme	There is a person in a green shirt riding a bike at an extreme angle in a rural area.
air hsirt man bike on and he the yellow in wearing a and a a white blue helmet. A is	A man on a bike in the air he is wearing a blue hsirt and a yellow and white helmet.
table a with at girls them. Two papers between	Two girls at a table with papers between them.
open the his baby held in A being small diaper green mouth in a with water.	A small baby with his mouth open in a green diaper being held in the water.
girl A leaves. of a in sweater pile into a diving	A girl in a sweater diving into a pile of leaves.
snowboard with pink bottom a a person riding a	a person riding a snowboard with a pink bottom
bicyclist helmet lone a in a a racing wearing race.	a lone bicyclist wearing a helmet racing in a race.
on Children ride amusement a an park. at	Children on a ride at an amusement park.
a A water playing in with ball dog	A dog playing with a ball in water
camera. down young sliding A off boy inflatable, an is looking	A young boy sliding down an inflatable, is looking off camera.
green traffic a in directs vest man A lime	A man in a lime green vest directs traffic
grass. dog the in A running black	A black dog running in the grass.
woods. dog runs through the A	A dog runs through the woods.
over man tundra. out frozen A looks	A man looks out over frozen tundra.
looking beach man running A the the background. with dog at a in	A dog running at the beach with a man looking in the background.
outdoors group together at people of night. sit A	A group of people sit outdoors together at night.
women white in a line. Three in hats	Three women in white hats in a line.
thinks an himself. asian to man	an asian man thinks to himself.
rail. A person some by while a water holding blue-green walks	A person walks by some blue-green water while holding a rail.
the collar red in A splashing water. through black a dog	A black dog in a red collar splashing through the water.
shirtless log. man over a jumps a	a shirtless man jumps over a log.
little display girl the and Halloween a a boy kisses pumpkins on hay little with in a bale sit A as they background.	A little boy kisses a little girl as they sit on a hay bale with pumpkins and a Halloween display in the background.
a walks. boy	a boy walks.
sunset. boat is a paddling man during a A	A man is paddling a boat during a sunset.
Three two and dogs, white sidewalk. small black one on white, a and	Three small dogs, two white and one black and white, on a sidewalk.
vike couple a on together a sitting helmets wearing black bench	a couple wearing black vike helmets sitting on a bench together
light arms standing colored with in clothing extended Child outward.	Child in light colored clothing standing with arms extended outward.
older pose building. picture a women group and for A of men a outside of	A group of older men and women pose for a picture outside of a building.
man cart. in beside and bicycle a a shopping bag cap opening a A is a black	A man in a black cap is opening a bag beside a bicycle and a shopping cart.
water. slide of into down sliding pool Child	Child sliding down slide into pool of water.
computer. with bandanna The red on paws a dog with is brown the sitting its up	The brown dog with a red bandanna is sitting with its paws up on the computer.
outdoors blond with A at woman table. thick hair sits curly a	A woman with thick curly blond hair sits outdoors at a table.
field. leaps to in a a A dog catch ball	A dog leaps to catch a ball in a field.
balls pool. plays tennis swims and and with the in white black A dog	A black and white dog swims and plays with tennis balls in the pool.
a air dog leaps ball. into the A for tennis	A dog leaps into the air for a tennis ball.
performing a two blue men trick is while watch. man near a stiars shirt other in A skateboarding	A man in a blue shirt is performing a skateboarding trick near stiars while two other men watch.
down street writing city has people on that walk it. Two a	Two people walk down a city street that has writing on it.
with ball his in brownish-red some orange water. in is A swimming mouth wet, dog an	A wet, brownish-red dog with an orange ball in his mouth is swimming in some water.
a A ball. tennis hitting player	A tennis player hitting a ball.
white snow. the in brown A walks black and dog	A brown and black dog walks in the white snow.
into is after a dog A jumping swimming pool duck. a	A dog is jumping into a swimming pool after a duck.
stands the railroad shirt green a tracks. on wearing woman A	A woman wearing a green shirt stands on the railroad tracks.
coat large child a in a A red preparing snowball.	A child in a red coat preparing a large snowball.
in play the and grass. children Two run	Two children run and play in the grass.
a woman standing smiling. scene A in front of beach and	A woman standing in front of a beach scene and smiling.
vegetation. by water green Two in dogs wade	Two dogs wade in water by green vegetation.
skiing downhill Skier	Skier skiing downhill
choppy in rafting terrain. Several people down a are river rocky	Several people are rafting down a choppy river in rocky terrain.
hang girls by blue a out hallway Two school teenage lockers. in	Two teenage girls hang out in a school hallway by blue lockers.
with people boxing, spectating. others kick Two	Two people kick boxing, with others spectating.
white rope on is dog a black tugging a	a white dog is tugging on a black rope
sidewalk. A small a the playing bag dog is on plastic with	A small dog is playing with a plastic bag on the sidewalk.
dog in grass. rolling A black	A black dog rolling in grass.
players. other A concentrating on ball the player basketball from keeping	A basketball player concentrating on keeping the ball from other players.
by walk Three on stream. males rocks a	Three males walk on rocks by a stream.
A fire extinguishes under a the car. of a hood firefighter	A firefighter extinguishes a fire under the hood of a car.
brown dog on grass a the black and	a brown and black dog on the grass
man barrel. The a on rollerskating is green	The man is rollerskating on a green barrel.
guard The large jackets against crowd. stood the neon in police the	The police in the neon jackets stood guard against the large crowd.
heads dressed the Two at look women over angrily with scarves their photographer.	Two women dressed with scarves over their heads look angrily at the photographer.
on a next pond. brown grass A dog the to	A brown dog on the grass next to a pond.
people flags. carrying Several horseback on	Several people on horseback carrying flags.
goal. players of front Hockey the in scramble	Hockey players scramble in front of the goal.
drink water while man A holding is flailing can. a in up	A man is flailing in water while holding up a drink can.
outfit a in racing his bike wilderness. man yellow the in A	A man in a yellow outfit racing his bike in the wilderness.
pride a woman hair red with parade. bright topless gay A watches	A topless woman with bright red hair watches a gay pride parade.
rugby ball. grab for Three the players	Three rugby players grab for the ball.
a jumping others are watching. rock is ocean the A from man into while	A man is jumping from a rock into the ocean while others are watching.
orange the other and stand of bales a in is boy watch. children hay t-shirt as The pile of leaping	The boy in the orange t-shirt is leaping of a pile of hay bales as other children stand and watch.
like riding during Santa carriage A parade. man is in dressed a a	A man dressed like Santa is riding in a carriage during a parade.
looks face. girl a woman's a at	a girl looks at a woman's face.
fishing in overalls water. in A man the	A man in fishing overalls in the water.
skateboards hoodie in A man railing. and down jeans black a a	A man in a black hoodie and jeans skateboards down a railing.
watches. opposing player hockey an the puck as player shooting is An ice	An ice hockey player is shooting the puck as an opposing player watches.
and tear ball playing that white dog is it. in with has a a A black	A black and white dog is playing with a ball that has a tear in it.
carnival. ride girl on to with above A next her sits stuffed animal a a a	A girl sits on a ride with a stuffed animal next to her above a carnival.
taking females while watches. camera female older pictures with their another Two older	Two older females taking pictures with their camera while another older female watches.
of girls toward Four bank a dark-haired walk hall the lockers.	Four dark-haired girls walk the hall toward a bank of lockers.
firing at ear is wearing indoor protection a shooting A range. an woman gun	A woman wearing ear protection is firing a gun at an indoor shooting range.
the ball at a spots A white black dog golf with sand. in looks	A white dog with black spots looks at a golf ball in the sand.
man his woven carrying next a man many A stack to on of back. rugs baskets carrying a	A man carrying many woven baskets next to a man carrying a stack of rugs on his back.
down the into mountains. path snowy A a travels person	A person travels down a snowy path into the mountains.
smiling a The stands creek. in grass near woman	The smiling woman stands in grass near a creek.
watches boy another in the A person falling snow.	A boy watches another person falling in the snow.
a a along tan blue a and is wall shirt boy walking blue in	a boy in a blue shirt is walking along a tan and blue wall
springs. riding A girl is little tricycle on a toy	A little girl is riding a toy tricycle on springs.
and slide his friends watching A slip on leaping to background. in a the with boy	A boy leaping on to a slip and slide with his friends watching in the background.
dog. a and A man	A man and a dog.
is to the to away. who about retriever swimming get is The goose out	The retriever is swimming out to the goose who is about to get away.
fight on arts martial blue wearing children gear mat. Two a	Two children wearing martial arts gear fight on a blue mat.
boy a play dog and with A stick. a	A boy and a dog play with a stick.
on tricks man bike A a doing	A man doing tricks on a bike
three the one other, a dressed back. kissing girls, well leaning third	three well dressed girls, one kissing the other, a third leaning back.
A white through snow. the is dog running	A white dog is running through the snow.
building. The are men front jackets one in white standing blue and wearing two and woman a of	The two men and one woman wearing jackets are standing in front of a white and blue building.
Two wall parked the vehicle. seat driver's conversing seen women from of near a older as a	Two older women conversing near a wall as seen from the driver's seat of a parked vehicle.
basketball runs with the while The looking up. boy	The boy runs with the basketball while looking up.
through shopping rural Many walking people area. a are	Many people are walking through a rural shopping area.
jumps boy stairs down a A a in blue skateboard. shirt on	A boy in a blue shirt jumps down stairs on a skateboard.
fetching dogs object a Two field. an in	Two dogs fetching an object in a field.
the snow. boy small in A playing	A small boy playing in the snow.
A standing a looking in foreground the out over people court. other boy in	A boy standing in the foreground looking out over other people in a court.
the Man two a on on lake. boat and kids	Man and two kids on a boat on the lake.
A white a kayak man in some yellow negotiates water.	A man in a yellow kayak negotiates some white water.
man headphones. sidewalk sits to A on listening the	A man sits on the sidewalk listening to headphones.
snow. running through grey the is The white and dog	The grey and white dog is running through the snow.
jumps over A dog hay.	A dog jumps over hay.
and black dog running outdoors. is white The	The black and white dog is running outdoors.
swings a look big others while A on. white child stick	A child swings a big white stick while others look on.
A down eyes with his boy goes closed. a blue slide	A boy goes down a blue slide with his eyes closed.
trick under does boy gymnastic a tree. a a	a boy does a gymnastic trick under a tree.
streaks A cyclist through trees. the	A cyclist streaks through the trees.
a black children kennel. Three dog in	Three children in a black dog kennel.
wearing pink a red, dress and white a woman black,	a woman wearing a black, red, white and pink dress
wears shirt A peace sign man a with bearded smiling orange an	A smiling bearded man wears a shirt with an orange peace sign
Black white orange water beak with and rocks around. bird with in	Black and white bird with orange beak in water with rocks around.
doing bike the in a a Man air. riding jump mountain	Man riding a mountain bike doing a jump in the air.
number on bike person dirt A a sandy riding track. the 157	A person riding the number 157 dirt bike on a sandy track.
picture. children informal an for pose young in Four formally	Four young children pose in formally for an informal picture.
ball. a tennis A dachshund returning	A dachshund returning a tennis ball.
over outside border jumping collie is A an obstacle.	A border collie is outside jumping over an obstacle.
in snowboarding a down grey person hill. A	A person in grey snowboarding down a hill.
One of rock in middle water. a of the a boy sitting on body	One boy sitting on a rock in the middle of a body of water.
classroom looking structure. bamboo inside students the is direction of same full a A in	A classroom full of students is looking in the same direction inside a bamboo structure.
dog on black the beach. A runs	A black dog runs on the beach.
the a air. into throws child man A	A man throws a child into the air.
children a at crack The rock climbing. take	The children take a crack at rock climbing.
the water chases brown a from a lawn. dog A sprinkler on	A brown dog chases the water from a sprinkler on a lawn.
a skier cable hill cars in a background down with going the	a skier going down a hill with cable cars in the background
and The on red black girls as in two a dressed they and climb backs of shirts identically fence. black plants	The backs of two girls dressed identically in black shirts and black and red plants as they climb on a fence.
red a A a sits hands in wearing hat shaped crowd. like person	A person wearing a red hat shaped like hands sits in a crowd.
along dog dirt run brown dog a A path. and a black	A black dog and a brown dog run along a dirt path.
A black and ice. hockey along the white his player slides stick wearing	A hockey player wearing black and white slides his stick along the ice.
sits gym. red a jungle A on girl	A girl sits on a red jungle gym.
around muzzled two track greyhound running dogs a	two muzzled greyhound dogs running around a track
Two are fountain. by a women blond sitting	Two blond women are sitting by a fountain.
into a a off kicks lake. dock boy A jump	A boy jump kicks off a dock into a lake.
is kicked sand Two is int being sand children beach, the jumping the a bright up the and water on blue.	Two children jumping int the sand on a beach, the sand is being kicked up and the water is bright blue.
to standing A child come in. beach a a wave on for waiting is	A child is standing on a beach waiting for a wave to come in.
stream. on Four a moutain kayakers	Four kayakers on a moutain stream.
a in a on kid doing is skateboard rural area. tricks a There	There is a kid doing tricks on a skateboard in a rural area.
A stands boy wooden by toddler a fence.	A toddler boy stands by a wooden fence.
at outfield. baseball A number a the looks shirt player 19 wearing	A baseball player wearing a number 19 shirt looks at the outfield.
surfing. A is person	A person is surfing.
long mouth. stick dog a its The carrying in	The dog carrying a long stick in its mouth.
dirt is a riding bike down a A trail. man	A man is riding a bike down a dirt trail.
a stone blue and man The up camera jeans rolled beach. video holding a on wearing is	The man is wearing rolled up blue jeans and holding a video camera on a stone beach.
to woman in A few park a is talking the men	A woman in the park is talking to a few men
a running A ground cloudy gover black under rocky dog sky. is blue	A black dog is running gover rocky ground under a cloudy blue sky.
dog and ball a mouth. white has The its in black	The black and white dog has a ball in its mouth.
blue sour a making little camera. a A jacket the boy at with face is	A little boy with a blue jacket is making a sour face at the camera.
teenage boy a hits with A racket. ball tennis a	A teenage boy hits a tennis ball with a racket.
water. into jumping the Person	Person jumping into the water.
girl drawing is young smiling white on is man and a a balloon. A	A girl is smiling and a young man is drawing on a white balloon.
A clothing a in spout. boy dark water near fountain	A boy in dark clothing near a fountain water spout.
blue tourists clear viewpoint mountain beneath a are standing a sky.	tourists are standing a mountain viewpoint beneath a clear blue sky.
wearing American a strip. footballer is red white The and	The American footballer is wearing a red and white strip.
black The collar with running. a leash is dog purple black he is a wearing as	The black dog is wearing a purple collar with a black leash as he is running.
up A on. male holds look and electronic man another an while device he	A man holds up an electronic device while he and another male look on.
on and a girl A looks finger her looks scared. at bug	A girl looks at a bug on her finger and looks scared.
a with sitting little little is a toy. in child chair a playing There	There is a little child sitting in a little chair playing with a toy.
leash. on a in a with cowboy sheep a girl A hat	A girl in a cowboy hat with a sheep on a leash.
A and a sailboats does two person a by flip lake.	A person does a flip by two sailboats and a lake.
a kids other kid haystack watch. off A jumps while	A kid jumps off a haystack while other kids watch.
in wall, girl rock young purple dress. a climbs a a	a young girl climbs a rock wall, in a purple dress.
a in shirt puzzled. girl looks lavender A	A girl in a lavender shirt looks puzzled.
while people motorcycle a riding Person racing other watch.	Person riding a racing motorcycle while other people watch.
street. the competing who down Runners sprint are	Runners who are competing sprint down the street.
rope. girl a jump over A jumping	A girl jumping over a jump rope.
mouths. in with black each two beach balls with the on their dogs running	two black dogs each with running on the beach with balls in their mouths.
the sunset. Four watch people	Four people watch the sunset.
across small paddles lake still at a Someone boat sunset. a	Someone paddles a small boat across a still lake at sunset.
jumpsuit wheelie in a a a man on blue a motorcycle. popping	a man in a blue jumpsuit popping a wheelie on a motorcycle.
bed. his to on boy Young jumping	Young boy jumping on to his bed.
black a the and white wearing A player basketball dribbles uniform ball.	A basketball player wearing a black and white uniform dribbles the ball.
a are of Small children playing leaves. in pile dead	Small children are playing in a pile of dead leaves.
dog wearing a collar chewing A brown is on tire. a large chain	A brown dog wearing a chain collar is chewing on a large tire.
kicks soccer player ball goal. into A the a unmanned	A soccer player kicks a ball into the unmanned goal.
girl bench by adults. surrounded little a on A black are boy little a lying and	A little boy and a little girl are lying on a black bench surrounded by adults.
motorcycle around a on going A a man corner.	A man on a motorcycle going around a corner.
people in a lit are standing of Two front up wearing black statue.	Two people wearing black are standing in front of a lit up statue.
arm. is baby The holding someone's	The baby is holding someone's arm.
towards backpacker fog. looks over cliff the A a	A backpacker looks over a cliff towards the fog.
rock covered snow climbing large with background. many rocks in the person A a	A person climbing a large rock with many snow covered rocks in the background.
the green while Three are flash men them outside. from inside of store neon sitting a on lights	Three men are sitting inside of a store while the green neon lights flash on them from outside.
girl while watches. a A girl another rides swing	A girl rides a swing while another girl watches.
dog his licks nose. A	A dog licks his nose.
dog A orange putting larger dog a black white head on smaller and its	A smaller orange dog putting its head on a larger black and white dog
is grass. the in A running black dog	A black dog is running in the grass.
open snow. collar standing black dog the in a is a wearing mouthed	a dog wearing a black collar is standing open mouthed in the snow.
a woman a on by swing child kiddie being pushed A	A child on a kiddie swing being pushed by a woman
reading lawn chairs books. Two people in	Two people in lawn chairs reading books.
baseball team uniforms. wear their A boys	A boys baseball team wear their uniforms.
on brown with in mountains horse Man sitting background.	Man sitting on brown horse with mountains in background.
of A the dog white out and snow. through woods running brown	A brown and white dog running out of the woods through snow.
two puck. his hockey goalie is while hockey chase covering after net A other the players	A goalie is covering his net while two other hockey players chase after the hockey puck.
boy in street bike young a lying red him with a the over	a young boy lying in the street with a red bike over him
the with open. water A his the mouth at runs he dog as up looks sky through	A dog runs through the water as he looks up at the sky with his mouth open.
sister. skirt pink runs in a girl her A holding a	A girl in a pink skirt runs holding a her sister.
shore. a with white black harness a runs dog A rocky on	A white dog with a black harness runs on a rocky shore.
A wearing a shirt. layer football red	A football layer wearing a red shirt.
his a on shirt blue a boy with dirt face in	a boy in a blue shirt with dirt on his face
dog brown runs A mouth toy his through a grass. green with long in	A brown dog runs with a toy in his mouth through long green grass.
jumping up in a other field. are grassy Two at dogs each	Two dogs are jumping up at each other in a grassy field.
his into A off and pierced the looks man a next hankerchief on distance. ears with	A man with a hankerchief on his next and pierced ears looks off into the distance.
Four other each grass medium-sized a with on field. wrestle dogs	Four medium-sized dogs wrestle with each other on a grass field.
multicolored white plastic young a some with in and girl around pink shirt shorts a rolling balls	a young girl with a white shirt and pink shorts rolling around in some plastic multicolored balls
race the a in rides man a bike blue A in in forest.	A man in blue rides a bike in a race in the forest.
blue a a cream dog a in run of black front and through house field a	a black and a cream dog run through a field in front of a blue house
sand, the runs brown holding a stick. on A dog	A brown dog runs on the sand, holding a stick.
the ski skier beneath snowy the descends slope A ski lift.	A skier descends the snowy ski slope beneath the ski lift.
tricycle. standing behind red A a toddler on looking while him	A toddler looking behind him while standing on a red tricycle.
in boy child another kid-sized a car. A pushes	A boy pushes another child in a kid-sized car.
flying playing in green disc Dog grass standing with	Dog standing in grass playing with green flying disc
in water. playing Two boys	Two boys playing in water.
bikers through the riding woods A of group	A group of bikers riding through the woods
its The on back paws air. in in the the dog with white is sand	The white dog is on its back in the sand with paws in the air.
and in another woman woman watches the pool. A sits play	A woman sits and watches another woman play in the pool.
runs a water. through dog the	a dog runs through the water.
gather building A historic front a of of people in group	A group of people gather in front of a historic building
stand looking tropical a ocean at the at resort. men Two	Two men stand looking at the ocean at a tropical resort.
water mouth dog running in stick in with	dog running in water with stick in mouth
A and man wave. blue white a huge on surfs in black	A man in blue and black surfs on a huge white wave.
tail large small of child A the pulls a on alligator.	A small child pulls on the tail of a large alligator.
A ascends. climber rock	A rock climber ascends.
water. in A a standing person is net the holding	A person holding a net is standing in the water.
a rollerblading across a wide young is space. boy open	a young boy is rollerblading across a wide open space.
in girl is throw about a sponge a A yellow ball. to t-shirt young yellow wet,	A young girl in a yellow t-shirt is about to throw a wet, yellow sponge ball.
Two field. ball a on playing people	Two people playing ball on a field.
A is through furry dog leaves. running white	A white furry dog is running through leaves.
sitting public. eating A apple, man an in	A man eating an apple, sitting in public.
A runs dog field grass. a brown in of	A dog runs in a field of brown grass.
the in grass Two atop mountain. jump women a	Two women jump in the grass atop a mountain.
a while in by A pool. jumping terrier hose a is sprayed	A terrier is sprayed by a hose while jumping in a pool.
with serious look on its in the runs A face. brown a dog woods	A brown dog runs in the woods with a serious look on its face.
sidelines shirt a a on coach A and game. wearing the hat of white	A coach wearing a white shirt and hat on the sidelines of a game.
others men behind. ski racing while Two Nordic from watch	Two men Nordic ski racing while others watch from behind.
hand. with a something in in A girl pink dress her young	A young girl in a pink dress with something in her hand.
horsemen Several carrying past other are flags. each riding	Several horsemen are riding past each other carrying flags.
in crowded sleeping Little airplane girl	Little girl sleeping in crowded airplane
woman man to a street. bag talks A a bicycle with a on near a	A woman with a bag talks to a man on a bicycle near a street.
indoor rock wall. boy climbing climbs A an	A boy climbs an indoor rock climbing wall.
a face his in kid bubble. inside A yellow poking	A kid in yellow poking his face inside a bubble.
snowboarder trick. is a A doing	A snowboarder is doing a trick.
track. along grassy races A the dog	A dog races along the grassy track.
tether. the yellow another the helmet person person on in ground waits A climbing rock a while with	A person in a yellow helmet rock climbing while another person waits on the ground with the tether.
A man tracks. wall near a lays train against	A man lays against a wall near train tracks.
halo head. An her attractive above a holds woman	An attractive woman holds a halo above her head.
a shirt the the on a arena top set of with of red man lights at background stairs a in in	a man in a red shirt at the top of a set of stairs with arena lights on in the background
A of man blond wall. by with and long stands jewelry hair lot a a	A man with long blond hair and a lot of jewelry stands by a wall.
person on the a person fallen one has motorcycle There on ground. is and one who	There is one person on a motorcycle and one person who has fallen on the ground.
looks grins at away woman A while in wearing purple camera. a orange woman the	A woman wearing purple looks away while a woman in orange grins at the camera.
dress a baby A walks white and pink outside. in	A baby in a white and pink dress walks outside.
pink ride on A in with shirt girl animal. huge a stuffed carnival a a	A girl in a pink shirt on a carnival ride with a huge stuffed animal.
hat who in pointing finger. black The behind man the stands is the man his	The man in the black hat stands behind the man who is pointing his finger.
is dog grass. The brown running the on	The brown dog is running on the grass.
getting water cleaned soapy off. covered is person A in	A person covered in soapy water is getting cleaned off.
through and grass. dogs water Three run	Three dogs run through water and grass.
one and paper in dancing are her girls hand. Two has	Two girls are dancing and one has paper in her hand.
very branch. large tree are asian kids Two playing with a	Two asian kids are playing with a very large tree branch.
aged forest. a women middle stand near Two picture for a	Two middle aged women stand for a picture near a forest.
ground. rocky dog across A walks the	A dog walks across the rocky ground.
a child in shorts snowball A throws at mountain. a	A child in shorts throws a snowball at a mountain.
are pink riding Two children passing banner. tricycles a	Two children riding tricycles are passing a pink banner.
players rugby field. A action on a group green of in	A group of rugby players in action on a green field.
in suit red field of running A woman is in front a a a crowd. in	A woman in a red suit is running in a field in front of a crowd.
paw to out dog keep dog bay. A at its big another holds	A big dog holds its paw out to keep another dog at bay.
standing woman sunglasses black road and in in	woman in black and sunglasses standing in road
another football player. tackle uniform dodges of orange in white and Male player	Male football player in orange and white uniform dodges tackle of another player.
white dog bridge. over a running A	A white dog running over a bridge.
pole does competitor a vault. A	A competitor does a pole vault.
boy flight baseball of a jumps cap a over stairs. in A	A boy in a baseball cap jumps over a flight of stairs.
up behind as man rides a A wave him. comes a surfboard	A man rides a surfboard as a wave comes up behind him.
and background. in down girls the There in building with are a of family worn front a three head walking scarves	There are three girls with head scarves in front of a worn down building and a family walking in the background.
a handrail city. bicycle the rides a down of red in staircase A boy his	A boy rides his red bicycle down the handrail of a staircase in a city.
different pavement. cyclists wearing Several colors on bikes riding	Several cyclists wearing different colors riding bikes on pavement.
A a porch. jumps off dog wooden	A dog jumps off a wooden porch.
smiles. wearing sunglasses A woman	A woman wearing sunglasses smiles.
dog a on white course. A is black obstacle and brown,	A brown, black and white dog is on a obstacle course.
on at wearing the boy his sunglasses A looks camera. head	A boy wearing sunglasses on his head looks at the camera.
a green surfer A in wetsuit rides striped a wave.	A surfer in a green striped wetsuit rides a wave.
with collar water. a silver brown through runs shallow A dog	A brown dog with a silver collar runs through shallow water.
with Dark chairs. nightclub	Dark nightclub with chairs.
A a fishing rod. is little boy holding	A little boy is holding a fishing rod.
at skater the skateboarder The a wall park. rides pipe	The skateboarder rides the pipe wall at a skater park.
is boy outside. a swing girl pushing on The a	The boy is pushing a girl on a swing outside.
is red a dog with jumping water. in the black collar A	A black dog with a red collar is jumping in the water.
in wearing shirt a child A a blue wristwatch. is	A child in a blue shirt is wearing a wristwatch.
in street. is A man laying in blue shorts the	A man in blue shorts is laying in the street.
dog holding in ball old mouth soccer Black an its	Black dog holding an old soccer ball in its mouth
the at a water the A standing man of waterfall. base in	A man standing in the water at the base of a waterfall.
Two the cross canoes them houses. some behind are water,	Two canoes cross the water, behind them are some houses.
at inline-skates A a park man skate on	A man on inline-skates at a skate park
woman young and pose graffiti. man a boys Some some by with	Some young boys pose with a man and woman by some graffiti.
a Two wrestling competition. men are in	Two men are wrestling in a competition.
Spectators trick. snowboarder watch as a does a	Spectators watch as a snowboarder does a trick.
at competition. A obedience collie an a Frisbee white catches	A collie catches a white Frisbee at an obedience competition.
a walking children platform. Two on	Two children walking on a platform.
team. A opposite the blocking soccer goalie next to player shot a a from	A soccer goalie blocking a shot next to a player from the opposite team.
on A bmx person bike. a	A person on a bmx bike.
The sitting little girl making face and an is on old a bench	The little girl is sitting on an old bench and making a face
in a punctured dog is out with a front brown red a of ball someone collar. holding	someone is holding out a punctured ball in front of a brown dog with a red collar.
black walking pavement and small across Woman dog	Woman and small black dog walking across pavement
street equipment on skateboarding person wearing	person skateboarding on street wearing equipment
a door one reads with Two a headscarves book. stand while young near girls	Two young girls with headscarves stand near a door while one reads a book.
grinding. A on snowboard a guy	A guy on a snowboard grinding.
a is uniform white bat. red in A a girl swinging and	A girl in a red and white uniform is swinging a bat.
young boy playing. A and girl	A young boy and girl playing.
mascot. bee giant A boy little hugging a	A little boy hugging a giant bee mascot.
dog the A tennis blue for jumps ball.	A dog jumps for the blue tennis ball.
a a handstand doing beach blond a girl on	a blond girl doing a handstand on a beach
dog jumps a gate. small over A striped	A small dog jumps over a striped gate.
A the stands in snowboard a him. behind sand with guy	A guy stands in the sand with a snowboard behind him.
onto a sidewalk. jumps dog the	a dog jumps onto the sidewalk.
near sit small a dogs tree. Two	Two small dogs sit near a tree.
book friend a their and woman has A man a a drink. while read	A man and a woman read a book while their friend has a drink.
sits a elderly alone on park bench. a man	a elderly man sits alone on a park bench.
boy Asian eats An chopsticks. with	An Asian boy eats with chopsticks.
in boy in blue trees. A	A boy in blue in trees.
are for hockey field guys a going Three in ball the game.	Three guys are going for the ball in a field hockey game.
his a boy at A is bike park. ramp over a riding	A boy is riding his bike over a ramp at a park.
prey. Gloved of man a holding bird	Gloved man holding a bird of prey.
children on Two swings swinging	Two children swinging on swings
A photographing man tulips.	A man photographing tulips.
woman hat. A feather with a her on	A woman with a feather on her hat.
a black wall in hat brick a a and of in front a man sign standing	a man in a black hat standing in front of a brick wall and a sign
road with jogger a a a ladder towards running extended with dog on firetruck A	A jogger with a dog running towards a firetruck with extended ladder on a road
a landing Person hanglider. yellow	Person landing a yellow hanglider.
jacket. black get up a to black jumps held a A by woman wearing and large something dog white	A large black and white dog jumps up to get something held by a woman wearing a black jacket.
ski a men with Four mountain. on vests red on crosses them in	Four men in red vests with crosses on them ski on a mountain.
striped in Blond boy on shirt the set. swing	Blond boy in striped shirt on the swing set.
meal. plate woman over young a her leans A at	A young woman leans over her plate at a meal.
on riding over rider A rocks. motorcycle,	A rider on motorcycle, riding over rocks.
The up to jumps brown catch dog the ball.	The brown dog jumps up to catch the ball.
dog meadow. quickly the is running through The	The dog is running quickly through the meadow.
the ball rocky on pavement. soccer in kicked the white shirt the The man	The man in the white shirt kicked the soccer ball on the rocky pavement.
takes edge man a A cliff. a of of a on woman the picture	A woman takes a picture of a man on the edge of a cliff.
red, on brown a A resting dog afghan white, rug. and blue	A brown dog resting on a red, white, and blue afghan rug.
is with shoveling A vest rocks. man an orange	A man with an orange vest is shoveling rocks.
snowy at and a background. the Several pine the large ski a trees mountain people in area with	Several people at a ski area with the pine trees and a large snowy mountain in the background.
the jump A costumes street. wearing people walk group of as they down	A group of people wearing costumes jump as they walk down the street.
a walking on beach. Four are people	Four people are walking on a beach.
playing A dog. is tug-of-war brown with and orange pants a man vest in	A man in orange pants and brown vest is playing tug-of-war with a dog.
a Two area running are dogs trees. grassy through tall near	Two dogs are running through a grassy area near tall trees.
the a and Two a with them. dog snow play children woods in behind	Two children and a dog play in the snow with a woods behind them.
Two to the are boys each park. in kicking a other ball	Two boys are kicking a ball to each other in the park.
gray black dog A and	A black and gray dog
bike in jumps. blue doing boy A little	A little boy in blue doing bike jumps.
tree during and the with over palm five a end at dock twilight. boats, A water	A dock over water with a palm tree at the end and five boats, during twilight.
most complete embrace. love in are people in Two the beautiful kissing	Two people in complete love are kissing in the most beautiful embrace.
A baseball pitcher uniform in red and white ball. a the in game has just thrown a	A pitcher in a red and white uniform in a baseball game has just thrown the ball.
three-wheeled on riding baskets. low women vehicles with Two	Two women on low riding three-wheeled vehicles with baskets.
its baseball a A in brown with mouth. dog	A brown dog with a baseball in its mouth.
of a grass. is young a a girl and boy standing field in white a dress young There in in yellow a suit	There is a young girl in a yellow dress and a young boy in a white suit standing in a field of grass.
rides red shorts a yellow a on breaking A boy body-board wave. in	A boy in red shorts rides a yellow body-board on a breaking wave.
Two young are water. boys in the	Two young boys are in the water.
thrown ball into to dogs rush a the chase Three surf.	Three dogs rush to chase a ball thrown into the surf.
beaver the a on of stream. shore A	A beaver on the shore of a stream.
his with skateboarder midair skateboard. A	A skateboarder midair with his skateboard.
hugs man evening an A woman a event. at	A woman hugs a man at an evening event.
dogs racing	dogs racing
on taking motorcycle the The dirt is track. racer a curve	The motorcycle racer is taking a curve on the dirt track.
holds blue. A woman in child dressed a	A woman holds a child dressed in blue.
in A the playing snow. dog	A dog playing in the snow.
jumping snow. through dog A high black	A black dog jumping through high snow.
with children turns supervising. take the riding minerature The adult pony an	The children take turns riding the minerature pony with an adult supervising.
dressed boy Halloween A for	A boy dressed for Halloween
Two in one children jumping are air. is playing, the	Two children are playing, one is jumping in the air.
tubes. pool slide a with a boy into A colorful down sliding	A boy sliding down a slide into a pool with colorful tubes.
a on a at the man standing of looking grassy rock a view mountain	a man looking at the view of a grassy mountain standing on a rock
own their threw of faces a children picture frames. group sticking	a group of children sticking their own faces threw picture frames.
white black Frisbee. jumps green dog catch to the A and	A black and white dog jumps to catch the green Frisbee.
a man wide open platform standing with on his arms concrete a	a man standing on a concrete platform with his arms wide open
a teenage girls down walking breezeway. two mall	two teenage girls walking down a mall breezeway.
picture paints woman on a a face. A girl's	A woman paints a picture on a girl's face.
dog on racer. sled a cheers a crowd	a crowd cheers on a sled dog racer.
buddha Monk statue. before praying	Monk praying before buddha statue.
walks tightrope. the across a man	a man walks across the tightrope.
sled in a pulling race. sled Dogs a	Dogs pulling a sled in a sled race.
riding wetsuit a surfer in A a is black foamy wave.	A surfer in a black wetsuit is riding a foamy wave.
big plays A dog brown a on dog smaller with grey the grass.	A big brown dog plays with a smaller grey dog on the grass.
expressions with stand city. a close to Two girls facial little in each no other	Two little girls with no facial expressions stand close to each other in a city.
with hair room with or her sitting luggage. A a hallway is blond woman in	A woman with blond hair is sitting in a room or hallway with her luggage.
with mountain background. A in the backpack hiker snow-covered is with a walking a	A hiker with a backpack is walking with a snow-covered mountain in the background.
pool. the boy a a in swimming A small white swim wearing woman holds	A woman wearing a white swim holds a small boy in the swimming pool.
brown air a a jumping in dog grassy through yard. the	a brown dog jumping through the air in a grassy yard.
of the a around man corner walking a red building.	a man walking around the corner of a red building.
front to red ball. a sticks in A hit man standing some of is trying	A man is standing in front of some red sticks trying to hit a ball.
swinging. A a girl turquoise with jacket is redheaded	A redheaded girl with a turquoise jacket is swinging.
string and holds cap the spool smiling. while boy The kite the with	The boy with the cap holds the kite string and spool while smiling.
mouth. dog pond, stick out his carrying of black a in a A big rears	A black dog rears out of a pond, carrying a big stick in his mouth.
a rowing Man boat.	Man rowing a boat.
stand cardboard homeless Two outside sign. a with men	Two homeless men stand outside with a cardboard sign.
snow. A boy punches shirtless	A shirtless boy punches snow.
boy a trampoline on of young a outside a jumping house.	a young boy jumping on a trampoline outside of a house.
to A man prepares motorcycle. leather outfit a in a ride	A man in a leather outfit prepares to ride a motorcycle.
sitting a of the a several of building floor inside group people on	a group of several people sitting on the floor inside of a building
fuzzy are of pink of people, group several which A wearing antennae.	A group of people, several of which are wearing fuzzy pink antennae.
a water. sits of bottle man a A on with dock	A man sits on a dock with a bottle of water.
cow at and dog standing a fence. A	A dog and cow standing at a fence.
brown is up hill. a grassy running dog white A and	A brown and white dog is running up a grassy hill.
is ramp yellow dog A obstacle course. in a an down and black running	A dog is running down a black and yellow ramp in an obstacle course.
players a league little in next base field. to Two are the	Two little league players are next to a base in the field.
man a a bicycle wearing riding beret	man wearing a beret riding a bicycle
man on ocean. A an sits the gravel by	A man sits on the gravel by an ocean.
a jumping grass field black through brown of long dog a blades and of	a brown and black dog jumping through a field of long blades of grass
individuals covered a of Six wall front stone stand in graffiti. of ages in varying	Six individuals of varying ages stand in front of a stone wall covered in graffiti.
running side yellow dogs a are side by Two down road.	Two yellow dogs are running side by side down a road.
midair touching of hunched man A man his back with over another that in	A man in midair with his back touching that of another man hunched over
handles something. holding is the of little child The	The little child is holding the handles of something.
slope. riding cyclist steep in The on downhill a	The cyclist in riding downhill on a steep slope.
dog man and are a his old cart. An standing otuside with	An old man and his dog are standing otuside with a cart.
the girls camera. The at smile	The girls smile at the camera.
skateboarder some a stairs. near skating rail a down lone	a lone skateboarder skating down a rail near some stairs.
the bike a guy A in forest. on	A guy on a bike in the forest.
arrives fire. to runs as A firetruck man a a	A man runs as a firetruck arrives to a fire.
run the track. three across dogs	three dogs run across the track.
metal beam on is looking something. standing alertly dog at a A	A dog is standing on a metal beam alertly looking at something.
women alien their in costumes. Four pose	Four women pose in their alien costumes.
bird above A large its wings water. the flaps	A large bird flaps its wings above the water.
on spins track. car the A race	A race car spins on the track.
hair. her Girl in screaming bows with	Girl screaming with bows in her hair.
View from the summit	View from the summit
it. are running in track tire across a Three snow dogs with	Three dogs are running across snow with a tire track in it.
across raised. A with is low brown snow tail running dog toy	A brown toy dog is running across low snow with tail raised.
raises A in large crowd unison. their hands	A large crowd raises their hands in unison.
tree fallen over the large forest. in A dog a jumping	A large dog jumping over a fallen tree in the forest.
boy girl wearing swimming A arms each have around their other. goggles and	A girl and boy wearing swimming goggles have their arms around each other.
A countryside. of through the similar backpacks group men clothing wearing	A group of men wearing similar clothing backpacks through the countryside.
a A on its bike. with fluffy a leash riding owner white dog	A fluffy white dog on a leash with its owner riding a bike.
boy green the snow as Little sun on sets. sled goes of a a over hill	Little boy on a green sled goes over a hill of snow as the sun sets.
of in is building front The man a	The man is in front of a building
The is in bathing in poised the girl water. midair the to next suit blue	The girl in the bathing suit is poised in midair next to the blue water.
small white small over a muzzles dogs item. jumping Two wearing	Two small white dogs wearing muzzles jumping over a small item.
women. in is 2 a front A of white brown sniffing dog dog	A brown dog is sniffing a white dog in front of 2 women.
have boys Two baseball wearing shirts caps out. blue-tinted tongues and stuck their young collared	Two young boys wearing collared shirts and baseball caps have their blue-tinted tongues stuck out.
football teams Two on play the field.	Two football teams play on the field.
football red Sooners wearing and is helmet. A man shirt a	A man is wearing a Sooners red football shirt and helmet.
sky The the desert. night in	The night sky in the desert.
outdoors. on sleeping is naked A half his chair man	A half naked man is sleeping on his chair outdoors.
along admires little sky. runs a girl beach the toward the man A who	A little girl runs along the beach toward a man who admires the sky.
goes down a hill. buggy A dune	A dune buggy goes down a hill.
A stands crowd. a man below	A man stands below a crowd.
person the The a doing beach. handstand is on	The person is doing a handstand on the beach.
air is person on a body in near a water. A of bike the	A person is in the air on a bike near a body of water.
a in a which pushing riding. in green boy a cart shirt boy shopping is a yellow is shirt a in	a boy in a green shirt is pushing a shopping cart in which a boy in a yellow shirt is riding.
the through dog The walking brown water ocean. is large in	The large brown dog is walking through water in the ocean.
skateboarder doing in skate a A trick in a park.	A skateboarder in doing a trick in a skate park.
the the red mat. coat red in in laid The child	The child in the red coat laid in the red mat.
bicycle midair. a A in male trick doing	A male doing a bicycle trick in midair.
white are down roller a Many track. flipped over upside ride coaster people a on	Many people on a roller coaster ride are flipped upside down over a white track.
air brown mouth. in its black dog large in A holding jumps a white Frisbee the and	A large brown and black dog jumps in the air holding a white Frisbee in its mouth.
him. to tries the another football catches player tackle A ball as	A football player catches the ball as another tries to tackle him.
at standing Bicyclists an intersection. are	Bicyclists are standing at an intersection.
rides A dog in a leash wearing a blue car.	A dog wearing a blue leash rides in a car.
grassy hill. a on Lambs	Lambs on a grassy hill.
over water boy some sprinkler A wearing a in swimming jumps backyard. trunks	A boy wearing swimming trunks jumps over some sprinkler water in a backyard.
jumped group A one air the six catching people in and is middle into a of of the have ball. nowhere	A group of six people have jumped into the air in the middle of nowhere and one is catching a ball.
dryed field. Four like in multicolored animals dog a grass	Four multicolored dog like animals in a dryed grass field.
holding A is poster. protesting woman a	A protesting woman is holding a poster.
trees. lying surrounded in ground by one of the man grass the	one man lying of the ground in the grass surrounded by trees.
nearby. giant a wicker tractor pulling in baskers with cloth on A with down it a road two covered wagon pumpkin drives and a people	A tractor pulling a wagon with a giant pumpkin covered in cloth and two wicker baskers on it drives down a road with people nearby.
The is the dogs young the white shooting into water man mouth. gun with water	The young man with the water gun is shooting water into the white dogs mouth.
its in a toy with dog dog another mouth. a chases	a dog chases another dog with a toy in its mouth.
shovels mold. sand A young a boy into	A young boy shovels sand into a mold.
haired its hair nose water. licking is golden shallow wet A while dog moving with through	A golden haired dog with wet hair is licking its nose while moving through shallow water.
man. a interviews woman a	a woman interviews a man.
dog An ash is snow. the forward walking colored in	An ash colored dog is walking forward in the snow.
water. play in many the children	many children play in the water.
fountains. water of kids an in Three stand array	Three kids stand in an array of water fountains.
small in Two down a river. boat rowing a men	Two men in a small boat rowing down a river.
wakeboarder A flies air. sideways the in	A wakeboarder flies sideways in the air.
Two kickbox one men ring, the other. punching in man a	Two men kickbox in a ring, one man punching the other.
wearing water. running is collar through A dog some brown a	A brown dog wearing a collar is running through some water.
on a Man paddling yellow canoe a river.	Man paddling a yellow canoe on a river.
catching is A running dog a and ball	A dog is running and catching a ball
above body a has A bird of water spread large its wings	A large bird has its wings spread above a body of water
pants. with a the a puts walking man dog arm his pink of shoulder around woman A	A man walking a dog puts his arm around the shoulder of a woman with pink pants.
of in tulips, blonde field pink near crouching a a woman field trees. The is grassy and	The blonde woman is crouching in a field of pink tulips, near a grassy field and trees.
off dock, person shorts jumping a The and into the a shirt wearing is water.	The person wearing shorts and a shirt is jumping off a dock, into the water.
brown in white the dog and back on sand. A its rolls	A white and brown dog rolls on its back in the sand.
dog leaping field. over air snowy A is a the little through	A little dog is leaping through the air over a snowy field.
dog the splashes in A water	A dog splashes in the water
dog the sand. A in digging	A dog digging in the sand.
Two adult are window a from young through behind. in wearing shirt in children, red a pink striped an the while shirt, looking watches one	Two young children, one wearing a red striped shirt, are looking in through the window while an adult in a pink shirt watches from behind.
sand on running black dog mound. A a	A black dog running on a sand mound.
wearing The are ice skates equipment. boys two and hockey	The two boys are wearing ice skates and hockey equipment.
man is the beard sitting with The in staring a bus forward.	The man with the beard is sitting in a bus staring forward.
baby paint. covering a with naked is naked A toddler	A naked toddler is covering a naked baby with paint.
young camera walks video and A woman a through park. smiling a holds	A smiling young woman holds a video camera and walks through a park.
him. beside is with street building standing A a on an man icy	A man is standing on an icy street with a building beside him.
through Two woman bikes crowd. ride wearing a paint body	Two woman wearing body paint ride bikes through a crowd.
while a climbs blue in a him watch. behind man people red A in rock shirt shirts	A man in a blue shirt climbs a rock while people behind him in red shirts watch.
is up A very a mountain. steep hiker climbing	A hiker is climbing up a very steep mountain.
off man a shirt a wall. A profusely his by he takes break sweats with as	A man with his shirt off sweats profusely as he takes a break by a wall.
player during rugby with ball runs female A a match. a rugby	A female rugby player runs with a rugby ball during a match.
crevasse. snowy sitting A is around a group	A group is sitting around a snowy crevasse.
boy wall. harness next safety to a hangs climbing A from small a	A small boy hangs from a safety harness next to a climbing wall.
Four playing women beach volleyball wearing bikinis are young	Four young women wearing bikinis are playing beach volleyball
water stand people with pails. Several	Several people stand with water pails.
stands a a against of cap Domino's Pizza. the young woman with wall A knit	A young woman with a knit cap stands against the wall of a Domino's Pizza.
A basketball blockers. player several with	A basketball player with several blockers.
woman man a and A close stand together.	A man and a woman stand close together.
stunt a through bicycle. air, boy on the The a doing is	The boy is doing a stunt through the air, on a bicycle.
on group and of men A seven a concrete standing walking surface.	A group of seven men walking and standing on a concrete surface.
people fish A mill a staircase. group while in a man of costume around descends a	A group of people mill around while a man in a fish costume descends a staircase.
a of wall. Children sit at cement the top	Children sit at the top of a cement wall.
behind father a him. A rock crawls boy tunnel and with his through brother	A boy crawls through a rock tunnel with his brother and father behind him.
maracas play group basement a in children and church A tambourines. of	A group of children in a church basement play maracas and tambourines.
approaching an at in Two the men traveling robes jeep sand. wave through	Two men in robes wave at an approaching jeep traveling through the sand.
lays grass. A in person the	A person lays in the grass.
children puddle. are Two playing in mud a	Two children are playing in a mud puddle.
a reaches wearing white child for paintbrush. small hat a A	A small child wearing a white hat reaches for a paintbrush.
along pops the biker colorful a wall. wheelie side A	A biker pops a wheelie along side the colorful wall.
a over air A motocross track. is through jumping bike dirt the	A motocross bike is jumping through the air over a dirt track.
a into slide. A splashes pool, water ejected boy a from	A boy splashes into a pool, ejected from a water slide.
child lake a a along young run with Two dogs	Two dogs run with a young child along a lake
rough Two dogs a yellow manner. shaggy in playing	Two shaggy yellow dogs playing in a rough manner.
a a on high during person jump. A skateboard	A person on a skateboard during a high jump.
large grassy field. brown A is dog crouching a in	A large brown dog is crouching in a grassy field.
floor. on a walk children tiled Two	Two children walk on a tiled floor.
on rock in next a A a a woman woman jacket to red a on crouching rock. standing	A woman in a red jacket standing on a rock next to a woman crouching on a rock.
tree. A climbing boy a	A boy climbing a tree.
the Several dogs dirt. through are running	Several dogs are running through the dirt.
laughing balls. lies pit a blue boy on of A	A laughing boy lies on a pit of blue balls.
store talk checkstand. Two at employees grocery a	Two grocery store employees talk at a checkstand.
A across field. dog the snowy runs	A dog runs across the snowy field.
An in is dog chair sitting electronics. a of old a white in large woman front tightly holding large some red while	An old woman is holding a large white dog tightly while sitting in a large red chair in front of some electronics.
pad. grip standing on beside writing stand a note is A a man	A man is standing beside a grip stand writing on a note pad.
water. out child spitting A	A child spitting out water.
skateboarder jumps a staircase. a	a skateboarder jumps a staircase.
a A tide in dog stands pool	A dog stands in a tide pool
A a skateboarding riding on ramp boy a skateboard	A boy riding a skateboard on a skateboarding ramp
interesting that stream a hikers rock are an formation. walking between past Some runs	Some hikers are walking past a stream that runs between an interesting rock formation.
trying lasso a is a cowboy calf. There in a rodeo to	There is a cowboy in a rodeo trying to lasso a calf.
Two across dogs green bound lush a identical meadow.	Two identical dogs bound across a lush green meadow.
playing pole. Four a around children	Four children playing around a pole.
doing Skateboarder green air. in shirt tricks in	Skateboarder in green shirt doing tricks in air.
the edge bathing the pool. a girl african-american Young of red at in suit	Young african-american girl in a red bathing suit at the edge of the pool.
Two paved street. birds brick chasing school on a uniforms in children	Two children in school uniforms chasing birds on a brick paved street.
standing man is their person to while on head a wearing One next holding box and him. bottle another is a	One person is wearing a box on their head and holding a bottle while another man is standing next to him.
following herd a grassy lane. Black a down of dog sheep	Black dog following a herd of sheep down a grassy lane.
beach. ball on of small in the front with dog a wooden fence A a playing golf	A dog playing with a golf ball in front of a small wooden fence on the beach.
high a over jumps snowboarder snowy in A hill. the air	A snowboarder jumps high in the air over a snowy hill.
in air. splashing in water A baby a pool the	A baby in a pool splashing water in the air.
water. through A dog jumps	A dog jumps through water.
inflatable boy Blonde plays shirt red blue with in inside balls.	Blonde boy in red shirt plays inside inflatable with blue balls.
a , performs dirt trick a in biker midair	a dirt biker performs a trick in midair ,
surfer water. of the out jumps a	a surfer jumps out of the water.
over purple green a A and gate. jumps tan dog	A tan dog jumps over a purple and green gate.
helmet rock young white a a climbing up a wearing wall man	a young man wearing a white helmet climbing up a rock wall
is attempting on sportswear in trampoline. kid stand A a a one-handed	A kid in sportswear is attempting a one-handed stand on a trampoline.
hurdle background. in a people blue top girl jumping tank in A the with yellow a	A girl in a yellow tank top jumping a blue hurdle with people in the background.
at game. bat up in a white is baseball young uniform boy a to and blue A	A young boy in a blue and white uniform is up to bat at a baseball game.
of playing teams barren on pylon, either a line Two a side field up	Two teams line up either side of a pylon, on a barren playing field
pawing at fallen area A pinestraw. log a with is nearby dog in stream an a	A dog is pawing at a fallen log nearby a stream in an area with pinestraw.
bleachers. A in white of walking watch a from is crowd baseball the a people while uniform player base to	A baseball player in a white uniform is walking to base while a crowd of people watch from the bleachers.
a stroller. Couple with baby to their next outdoors sit	Couple with a baby sit outdoors next to their stroller.
uphill a terrain A motorcycle person on going on rocky	A person on a motorcycle going uphill on rocky terrain
on sitting his cop A police bike.	A cop sitting on his police bike.
hydrant. red a fire at dogs peeing Two are	Two dogs are peeing at a red fire hydrant.
class. women Men a dance and in	Men and women in a dance class.
standing one a and a women, Two on carrying purse are papers, sidewalk.	Two women, one carrying a purse and papers, are standing on a sidewalk.
with There with smiles playground on four their are a boys ball. smiling	There are four smiling boys with smiles on a playground with their ball.
a girl A a a silver shoes. kilt kilt and in in girl wearing man holds another and follows man a	A man in a kilt follows a girl and another man in a kilt and holds a girl wearing silver shoes.
and hands. walking holding couple A	A couple walking and holding hands.
a jumps swimming A brown into backyard. on big the dog pool	A big brown dog jumps into a swimming pool on the backyard.
hockey ball lawn A player hitting the female	A female lawn hockey player hitting the ball
swing a Children swinging the in park. on blue	Children swinging on a blue swing in the park.
playing Men a game. basketball	Men playing a basketball game.
Greyhounds racing night Two at	Two Greyhounds racing at night
man is traffic. street cross to in with A a black shirt the dressing waiting	A man dressing in a black shirt is waiting to cross the street with traffic.
pool. flies swimming A above boy a wearing through bathing blue a the air suit young	A young boy wearing a blue bathing suit flies through the air above a swimming pool.
while gear. Two winter walking a are alongside wearing people decorative railing	Two people are walking alongside a decorative railing while wearing winter gear.
poses A karate uniform. form boy in and	A boy poses in karate form and uniform.
a for tan his black man stick dog. and throwing A	A man throwing a stick for his black and tan dog.
dancing practices tutu A a girl scarves. with little pink in	A little girl in a pink tutu practices dancing with scarves.
A field through its with a a ball dog running mouth in	A dog running through a field with a ball in its mouth
and walking little A turkeys 4 boy	A little boy and 4 turkeys walking
girls gloves a across baseball baseball walking field with	girls with baseball gloves walking across a baseball field
dog jumping in a park A grassy playing. and	A dog in a grassy park jumping and playing.
wheelers people Three the field. through their ride four	Three people ride their four wheelers through the field.
a Man telephot winter and lenses road. use woman by	Man and woman use telephot lenses by a winter road.
flip area. jean A a man and back a pants grassy is on in a jacket jean doing	A man in a jean jacket and jean pants is doing a back flip on a grassy area.
beach, runs lav the in the foreground. the into kelp sea on water the and in A black distance swimmers with	A black lav runs into the water on the beach, with swimmers in the distance and sea kelp in the foreground.
Black dog catch ball tennis jumping to	Black dog jumping to catch tennis ball
field. children Four grassy playing are in a	Four children are playing in a grassy field.
surfing in is A boy the ocean.	A boy is surfing in the ocean.
Children, six with a a stick, and blue one dog a petting leash. with	Children, one with a stick, and six petting a dog with a blue leash.
blue a a colorful and in little playing red is soccer ball. girl dress with A	A little girl in a colorful dress is playing with a blue and red soccer ball.
on. looks and helmet with ponytail man The the	The man with the ponytail and helmet looks on.
as girl around jumped just her. evident by has into the the bubbles water air A	A girl has just jumped into the water as evident by the air bubbles around her.
statues. person Easter the stands next A Island to	A person stands next to the Easter Island statues.
haired corn black eating cob. on girl is the A	A black haired girl is eating corn on the cob.
Two stand sidewalk skimpy men's on a ladies and wearing clothes underwear.	Two ladies stand on a sidewalk wearing skimpy clothes and men's underwear.
surrounded one smiling bucket pool girl. another by In splashes girl with a plants,	In pool surrounded by plants, one smiling girl with a bucket splashes another girl.
their above pose red flower with and for heads. a a large picture girl boy The	The boy and girl pose for a picture with a large red flower above their heads.
dogs brown, across black lawn. White, running and grassy a	White, brown, and black dogs running across a grassy lawn.
and dog to a prepares Frisbee. A black catch white	A black and white dog prepares to catch a Frisbee.
man a red A looking over in out snow-covered mountains. jacket	A man in a red jacket looking out over snow-covered mountains.
Japanese Two them. on with colorful ladies kimonos	Two Japanese ladies with colorful kimonos on them.
A the skateboarder in air of in front wires.	A skateboarder in the air in front of wires.
running two of of water ducks black dog along sandy while body a shoreline A the nearby. swim	A black dog running along the sandy shoreline of a body of water while two ducks swim nearby.
golf person club swings the to left while waves arm. A an a his man	A man swings a golf club while the person to his left waves an arm.
on shine. sites man A to waiting bench shoe a	A man sites on a bench waiting to shoe shine.
someone's the fastens skates A ice in lady snow.	A lady fastens someone's ice skates in the snow.
in wooden man is building. A past outfit a colorful Japanese with woman a dressed black a in walking	A Japanese woman in a colorful outfit is walking with a man dressed in black past a wooden building.
the team has green While the ball. to the ready gets tackle, red team	While the green team gets ready to tackle, the red team has the ball.
ball holds his mouth. a with ears in dog A big	A dog with big ears holds a ball in his mouth.
wearing group guys four tutu A of	A group of four guys wearing tutu
plaid violin. plays black in an top woman electric a skirt and A	A woman in a plaid skirt and black top plays an electric violin.
by being tow Recked towed ambulance large truck. a	Recked ambulance being towed by a large tow truck.
A rock wall. to man is attached climbing a a harness	A man attached to a harness is climbing a rock wall.
sandy A bike up riding person a on hill. a dirt is	A person on a dirt bike is riding up a sandy hill.
sits a A another a at child picnic a leaning table. young striped while tree in against shirt is boy	A young boy in a striped shirt is leaning against a tree while another child sits at a picnic table.
street the man on sleeping a	a man sleeping on the street
with park him. juggling in boy playground a behind balls the Little orange	Little boy juggling orange balls in the park with a playground behind him.
climbing on climbing a Girl wall	Girl climbing on a climbing wall
Three wearing women wigs.	Three women wearing wigs.
are elephants of ridden A being by group men.	A group of elephants are being ridden by men.
cartwheels, while children Two doing on. look girls other	Two girls doing cartwheels, while other children look on.
limb is dog a wooded A jumping in area. brown over a tree	A brown dog is jumping over a tree limb in a wooded area.
small a mouth A a in tennis in driveway. dog its with playing ball	A small dog with a tennis ball in its mouth playing in a driveway.
their group army of aim A members guns.	A group of army members aim their guns.
in narrow green rollerskating on a is strip. guy A	A guy in green is rollerskating on a narrow strip.
rides down motorbike hill. dirt A a a person	A person rides a motorbike down a dirt hill.
A surfing pictures. collage stop-action of	A collage of stop-action surfing pictures.
wall brick on talk. and people a Two sit	Two people sit on a brick wall and talk.
is gloves A of the his making boxer partner. practicing by hits targeting	A boxer is practicing making hits by targeting the gloves of his partner.
Several of breeds in backyard. a play different dogs	Several dogs of different breeds play in a backyard.
large a chewing a piece brown on wood. of dog	a brown dog chewing on a large piece of wood.
standing playing a guitar. the A street is on man	A man is standing on the street playing a guitar.
a sits room. man in A at a table	A man sits at a table in a room.
There dogs are a around racing three muddy track.	There are three dogs racing around a muddy track.
A a burgundy haired in blonde smiling. toddler hoodie	A blonde haired toddler in a burgundy hoodie smiling.
on the play Two grass. dogs	Two dogs play on the grass.
yellow the jersey. zooming wearing is a traffic past woman	traffic is zooming past the woman wearing a yellow jersey.
little is pirate holding skull the a A flag. boy dressed pirate as up	A little boy dressed as a pirate is holding up the skull pirate flag.
playing football. boys flag Two are	Two boys are playing flag football.
onto fake holding the child a of A alligator. tail	A child holding onto the tail of a fake alligator.
A flies extended. with the through wings air bird	A bird flies through the air with wings extended.
bat grass. a ball a hitting running red with man in while A	A man hitting a red ball with a bat while running in grass.
group suits stretcher. a of a on hazmat with are A in standing dummy people	A group of people in hazmat suits are standing with a dummy on a stretcher.
laying busy shirtless man in street. the of is a down middle A	A shirtless man is laying down in the middle of a busy street.
white yard. and A fenced dog brown fast a running in	A brown and white dog running fast in a fenced yard.
on The a wooded rides cyclist path.	The cyclist rides on a wooded path.
a table book outside a an a at older reading of building. man	an older man reading a book at a table outside of a building.
plays while fountain on an older watches. A edge young of the girl a woman	A young girl plays on the edge of a fountain while an older woman watches.
group and people at of pointing looking A off-camera. something	A group of people pointing and looking at something off-camera.
group large brighty dancers clothed of taking photographs. A	A large group of brighty clothed dancers taking photographs.
playing in A child a are pool the father and	A father and a child are playing in the pool
is track, around road. the helmet, with yellow At and the black going the dirt 4-wheeler man the	At the track, the man with the yellow 4-wheeler and black helmet, is going around the dirt road.
A boy playing is small field. open an in	A small boy is playing in an open field.
ambulance in looking in the Seattle an street. at people Two	Two people in Seattle looking at an ambulance in the street.
road. on dirt wheelie a Person a popping	Person popping a wheelie on a dirt road.
with player two the in take a ball football the down game players	two players take down the player with the ball in a football game
are a yard. in and jumping trampoline suburban A a on boy girl young	A girl and young boy are jumping on a trampoline in a suburban yard.
in his to backpack left. looks man The the	The man in the backpack looks to his left.
A in a grass. dog ball the chases	A dog chases a ball in the grass.
Two leash play dogs with snow. a red on the	Two dogs play with a red leash on the snow.
couple busy A young city a in	A young couple in a busy city
park. person A wearing parka and a a pink snow at white pants	A person wearing pink pants and a white parka at a snow park.
dog bed ball. holding soccer on toy the is A a	A dog is on the bed holding a toy soccer ball.
A horses riding the flags nations multiple of holding group while women of	A group of women riding horses while holding the flags of multiple nations
dog the another the watches in while dog swims pool from deck. A	A dog swims in the pool while another dog watches from the deck.
with long long white old beard. hair a man An white and	An old man with white long hair and a white long beard.
Two picture. pose a for together hug and woman young	Two young woman hug and pose together for a picture.
dogs black are the grass. on Two playing	Two black dogs are playing on the grass.
play baggy a block water of Three in splashing grey, wall. front in in suits bathing boys	Three boys in baggy bathing suits play in splashing water in front a of grey, block wall.
people a are lake silhouetted painted reflecting a sky. against Two	Two people are silhouetted against a lake reflecting a painted sky.
nails A hot pink hot with and suit laying on bathing pink is towel. a toe girl	A girl with hot pink toe nails and bathing suit is laying on a hot pink towel.
Two in dance girls a holding paper. teenage one pajama bottoms,	Two teenage girls dance in pajama bottoms, one holding a paper.
in guy jumps a swimming a pool with girl black. into A	A girl jumps into a swimming pool with a guy in black.
runs A dog in snow. the	A dog runs in the snow.
stick mouth dog holding brown in	brown dog holding stick in mouth
are while adult playing on. soccer, an Children looks	Children are playing soccer, while an adult looks on.
ride. in a a or in man cross neckless a front park of walking blue and A hat shirt, carnival amusement cowboy	A man in a blue shirt, cowboy hat and a cross neckless walking in front of a carnival or amusement park ride.
parachute the dog on white tunnel red grassy field. the black sprints The through and	The black and white dog sprints through the red parachute tunnel on the grassy field.
near runs bridge fluffy a A dog forest. a across	A fluffy dog runs across a bridge near a forest.
air. into the men Two leap	Two men leap into the air.
leash. blue at tug Two a dogs	Two dogs tug at a blue leash.
stream. a dog white are by brown and A a dog	A white dog and a brown dog are by a stream.
ball a jumping with dog mouth. A its in	A dog jumping with a ball in its mouth.
on one a pitbulls fence. of top fighting, Two standing	Two pitbulls fighting, one standing on top of a fence.
green a snowboarder air. jacket catches A in some	A snowboarder in a green jacket catches some air.
brown little The a denim and holding is wearing bear. teddy girl a dress	The little girl is wearing a denim dress and holding a brown teddy bear.
edge. A water standing at the ocean's bird	A water bird standing at the ocean's edge.
wearing green A on looks lays girl pink the and a grass up. shirt	A girl wearing a pink shirt lays on the green grass and looks up.
on rink equipment. a skaters in athletic Women skating	Women skaters on a skating rink in athletic equipment.
all of around. the rides rail cement steps with snowboarder snow handrail A on a	A snowboarder rides a rail on the cement handrail of steps with snow all around.
group people at a dance and A of sing concert.	A group of people sing and dance at a concert.
a boys wooden Four are at playing playground.	Four boys are playing at a wooden playground.
A dog grass. the white on runs	A white dog runs on the grass.
people blond while woman a ride their a colorful bike picture. takes Two	Two people ride a colorful bike while a blond woman takes their picture.
four Five dog together a and wading, dogs park are are inside pool. people swimming	Five dogs are swimming and four people are wading, together inside a dog park pool.
attire soccer ball. chasing a in Two guys soccer	Two guys in soccer attire chasing a soccer ball.
toilets. portable People standing orange row of by a	People standing by a row of orange portable toilets.
pool. little in plays red a kiddie boy in trunks A	A little boy in red trunks plays in a kiddie pool.
dirt catches going bike rider air a hill large off some A	A dirt bike rider catches some air going off a large hill
an from board retriever beach. a on golden jumping A ocean	A golden retriever jumping from a board on an ocean beach.
trampled a himself shielding off is being horse from rider has fallen and A	A rider has fallen off a horse and is shielding himself from being trampled
little A hugs little girl another girl.	A little girl hugs another little girl.
at softball a home A game. safe plate youth at is runner	A runner is safe at home plate at a youth softball game.
A the mountains. riding in bicylist	A bicylist riding in the mountains.
the beach. a woman wearing runs purple shirt is on and The	The woman is wearing a purple shirt and runs on the beach.
seagull a A beach. boy walking a towards the of shoreline on young is	A young boy is walking towards a seagull on the shoreline of a beach.
boxer man on a shorts US A flag stairway. wearing is standing	A man wearing US flag boxer shorts is standing on a stairway.
in the red high air Skier jumping the in snow. over	Skier in red jumping high in the air over the snow.
A the in his dog mountains. and man	A man and his dog in the mountains.
in Dog a tree. jumping near snow the	Dog jumping in the snow near a tree.
The and hide playing the hay. is in seek child	The child is playing hide and seek in the hay.
A running dog through snow.	A dog running through snow.
hold group catch a each other to up of ball. A woman	A group of woman hold each other up to catch a ball.
on snowmobiles. People riding are around	People are riding around on snowmobiles.
with on in hand. no airborne and back with Man shirt tatoos skateboard	Man with no shirt and tatoos on back airborne with skateboard in hand.
skateboarder the in air. A	A skateboarder in the air.
play Men football.	Men play football.
white a a in a dog brown is beside garden. grassy and black, running fence green	a black, brown and white dog is running beside a green fence in a grassy garden.
a participate Cowboys rodeo. in	Cowboys participate in a rodeo.
in person a overpass. A kilt along an walks	A person in a kilt walks along an overpass.
stand fountain takes boys a drink. one a drinking near Two as	Two boys stand near a drinking fountain as one takes a drink.
on attempt played Goal during game a soccer being green grass.	Goal attempt during a soccer game being played on green grass.
player football # 25. a of university Miami	a university of Miami football player # 25.
tree, him. air, next A a to jumps skier tall videotapes while the through man a	A skier jumps through the air, next to a tall tree, while a man videotapes him.
is jumping. girl A	A girl is jumping.
its with The black brown white a and dog object in mouth. swims	The black and white dog swims with a brown object in its mouth.
for in white looks food A the crane water.	A white crane looks for food in the water.
vacant riding street are the bikes a Two ocean. on people near	Two people are riding bikes on a vacant street near the ocean.
snow. A above dog	A dog above snow.
a in white by grass water jumping and brickwall dog a green of a stream	a white dog jumping in green grass by a brickwall and a stream of water
while dog his mouth. yard holding in in yellow running a through toy A covered leaves a yellow	A yellow dog running through a yard covered in leaves while holding a yellow toy in his mouth.
two a sparklers. boy holds	a boy holds two sparklers.
the in snow. playing A dogs of pack	A pack of dogs playing in the snow.
shirt a A man front of in a an building. smokes blue official wearing cigarette	A man wearing a blue shirt smokes a cigarette in front of an official building.
hand a in A baseball is one a in player holding Yankees bat uniform	A baseball player in a Yankees uniform is holding a bat in one hand
Two barking rottweiler larger. the the at smaller one indoors, dogs	Two rottweiler dogs indoors, the smaller one barking at the larger.
pool. the underwater in swimming Kids	Kids swimming underwater in the pool.
dog near sits some bowls A steps. tile two black by	A black dog sits by two bowls near some tile steps.
man are and are having a a woman wearing bicycle conversation. and A helmets,	A man and a woman are wearing bicycle helmets, and are having a conversation.
on wet man a road. rides bicycle A his	A man rides his bicycle on a wet road.
a of black field grassy front in is some bushes. across dog a running	a black dog is running across a grassy field in front of some bushes.
number is the at track. four, tan A greyhound, running	A tan greyhound, number four, is running at the track.
little slide down at playground. a sliding girl A a	A little girl sliding down a slide at a playground.
blue getting and A slide. a off wild sunglasses hair with child	A child with wild hair and sunglasses getting off a blue slide.
skateboard. his a trick with on man glasses green A does	A man with green glasses does a trick on his skateboard.
jumps a A over dog barrier.	A dog jumps over a barrier.
chasing uniform A a in boy ball a soccer sports	A boy in a sports uniform chasing a soccer ball
others is the listening. gentleman are while The speaking	The gentleman is speaking while the others are listening.
being A is played. hockey of game	A game of hockey is being played.
young dressed ball. kid, a uniform, a his soccer There holding in up is	There is a young kid, dressed up in a soccer uniform, holding his ball.
Boy skateboard trick. does	Boy does skateboard trick.
down kayak coming a on waterfall raging a A man	A man on a kayak coming down a raging waterfall
the catches A air over skier snow.	A skier catches air over the snow.
helmet wearing A skateboard a hill. ride down begins a a to street person	A person wearing a helmet begins to ride a skateboard down a street hill.
together. children face wearing pose Three paint	Three children wearing face paint pose together.
green A in sitting in green other toddler chairs. chair a by shirt green blonde a light surrounded	A blonde toddler in a light green shirt sitting in a green chair surrounded by other green chairs.
into looks the An child while somersault another pool on. adult a child watches	An adult watches a child somersault into the pool while another child looks on.
is catch a jumping A black green and dog Frisbee. to up white	A black and white dog is jumping up to catch a green Frisbee.
and adjust on A a tripod a outdoors. a man woman camera	A man and a woman adjust a camera on a tripod outdoors.
shot A long a guitar. playing electric man red close-up of haired a	A close-up shot of a long haired man playing a red electric guitar.
of bench A sunglasses wearing yellow sits building. a a red woman front on in	A woman wearing sunglasses sits on a red bench in front of a yellow building.
with up slides a girl arms green playground. her down little a slide at A	A little girl slides down a green slide with her arms up at a playground.
rides slope man the a A down a mountain in woods. bike	A man rides a mountain bike down a slope in the woods.
to of made sand on sunny a hill down A a attempting surf is man day.	A man is attempting to surf down a hill made of sand on a sunny day.
the are a hat Four in while on city talks sidewalk, a people along walking cellphone. one green the	Four people are walking along a city sidewalk, while the one in the green hat talks on a cellphone.
sexy dressed and prisoner man A as officer. woman a police and a	A man and a woman dressed as a prisoner and sexy police officer.
a Two playing park. are at children water	Two children are playing at a water park.
using bathroom. A is child the	A child is using the bathroom.
front parked a black dog A sidewalk carrying a woman parallel white cars. of on in and	A woman carrying a black and white dog on a sidewalk in front of parallel parked cars.
child together A smile. sit woman a and and	A woman and a child sit together and smile.
a driving slope is a cyclist on his bike. A down in helmet	A cyclist in a helmet is driving down a slope on his bike.
smiles of white ten big wearing people black wedding a and outfits with photo	a wedding photo of ten people with big smiles wearing black and white outfits
red on a running cape dirt a road. with Dog	Dog with a red cape running on a dirt road.
him. dark on man a A clothing in stunt a near ramp behind bicycle in graffiti with midair	A man in dark clothing on a bicycle in midair near a stunt ramp with graffiti behind him.
girls in teenage park. Two are the texting	Two teenage girls are texting in the park.
are a course on a in the with large, background. standing ornate Two building golf men	Two men are standing on a golf course with a large, ornate building in the background.
swan above is A water. flying	A swan is flying above water.
lounging towel, lawn is and darker very her to There a woman oiled suntan on pink next a chair flip a on lotion. flops	There is a very oiled darker woman on a pink towel, lounging on a lawn chair next to her flip flops and suntan lotion.
touches leafy background. Girl young man man's pink face in as observes, young shirt	Girl touches young man's face as young man in pink shirt observes, leafy background.
in A is shorts street. on a colorful in the child post standing	A child in colorful shorts is standing on a post in the street.
driving person A green a motorcycle	A person driving a green motorcycle
in Batman A a dressed race. as man running	A man dressed as Batman running in a race.
the men on The out stand together lawn.	The men stand together out on the lawn.
girl stands a man. A and toddler a wears with jacket	A toddler girl wears a jacket and stands with a man.
holding sand and standing on snowboard. white a is Man	Man is standing on white sand and holding a snowboard.
some The a grass. yellow, boy tall striped in shirt in stands little	The little boy in a yellow, striped shirt stands in some tall grass.
some through Two canooers paddle rapids.	Two canooers paddle through some rapids.
girl little small a playing tikes' set. in a playground	a small girl playing in a little tikes' playground set.
A walks building. snow black through a the near brown and dog	A black and brown dog walks through the snow near a building.
through his boy the A snow. drags sled	A boy drags his sled through the snow.
running in shrubbery A a dog stream. along	A dog running in shrubbery along a stream.
a camera up child take holds a to photo. big The	The child holds up a big camera to take a photo.
the together smiling happily women camera. Many at sitting	Many women sitting happily together smiling at the camera.
runs it. to A ball boy kick toward the soccer	A boy runs toward the soccer ball to kick it.
drum man small is boy a drum. with a with marching The to next the big	The man with the big drum is marching next to a boy with a small drum.
tubing green, and blue, A yellow on colored snow tube. boy a	A boy snow tubing on a green, blue, and yellow colored tube.
stork flying water. A low the over	A stork flying low over the water.
on stairway in a performing public. A teenager trick a	A teenager performing a trick on a stairway in public.
a A peoples ' feet. of picture group of	A picture of a group of peoples ' feet.
A dog running outside.	A dog running outside.
conversing. a on near sitting while tree structure people Two a wooden are	Two people are sitting on a wooden structure near a tree while conversing.
orange boy dressed dirt bike A a helmet woods. shirt is an a the and in riding in	A boy dressed in an orange shirt and a helmet is riding a dirt bike in the woods.
a spinning metal A is tunnel running playground. in in boy the	A boy is running in a spinning metal tunnel in the playground.
dog fence a the running wooden A black on away from ground. snow with	A black dog running away from a wooden fence with snow on the ground.
a dog A arm. man training his to attack padded	A man training a dog to attack his padded arm.
for girl in young poses red A camera. a	A young girl in red poses for a camera.
easily. man The juggles six balls	The man juggles six balls easily.
jumping is bicycle. through a holding The air, man the while	The man is jumping through the air, while holding a bicycle.
a Two children stand near fountain. water	Two children stand near a water fountain.
girl jacket brown teenage in boy a black in with and Asian An a pink a jacket. teenage walks	An Asian teenage boy in a pink and black jacket walks with a teenage girl in a brown jacket.
along beach. rocky dog white runs a lap fuzzy A	A fuzzy white lap dog runs along a rocky beach.
on Two kids a riding reindeer. little fake	Two little kids riding on a fake reindeer.
stands forests. looks and snow man mountains on A and at out	A man stands on snow and looks out at mountains and forests.
young walking capes path dirt with a down children Two are on.	Two young children are walking down a dirt path with capes on.
Girl jumping water a into raft. from	Girl jumping into water from a raft.
on toy A a little a to girl down lane. is holding running	A little girl holding on to a toy is running down a lane.
man Dirty try hold the rugby back with to the players ball.	Dirty rugby players try to hold back the man with the ball.
black A hat in a man box. into reaches a	A man in a black hat reaches into a box.
backpack carrying a baby a bag purse road. woman a walking and with A a a in down	A woman carrying a purse and a bag with a baby in a backpack walking down a road.
a into A the in brown black and dog run grass. dog each other	A brown dog and a black dog run into each other in the grass.
A ground. along grass the sniffing walking black dog at is the	A black dog is walking along the grass sniffing at the ground.
dribbles game, women's defense. skinned the Chicago a a At white against woman basketball	At a women's basketball game, a white skinned woman dribbles against the Chicago defense.
group play in friends a of lake. A	A group of friends play in a lake.
red on her woman ground. A covering head scarf with her walks with snow-covered a cat	A woman with a red scarf covering her head walks with her cat on snow-covered ground.
in the St dog Bernard running snowy field.	St Bernard dog running in the snowy field.
in People in background. banner costumes performing, American Native	People in Native American costumes performing, banner in background.
posing A a in hat for picture. a man	A man in a hat posing for a picture.
woman a Frisbees, baseball in a of with bleachers. blue player, and A dog front	A baseball player, a woman with Frisbees, and a dog in front of blue bleachers.
fly while fishing a men standing Two river. in	Two men fly fishing while standing in a river.
riders other Two motocross on each dirt next a to track.	Two motocross riders next to each other on a dirt track.
hilly a wearing pants area. shirt a in A boy is a climbing tree and yellow blue	A boy wearing a yellow shirt and blue pants is climbing a tree in a hilly area.
ribbon group midst of One of a people. man another attach red a to forearm the in large his helps	One man helps another attach a red ribbon to his forearm in the midst of a large group of people.
are music dancing while behind them. men play women Two	Two women are dancing while men play music behind them.
together field. dirt chase a Three wrestle dogs and on	Three dogs chase and wrestle together on a dirt field.
off to very passengers is as road bus the A the of pulled its side load. colorful	A very colorful bus is pulled off to the side of the road as its passengers load.
of in water. one on boulder Two rocky large on sandy parasailors a and the beach a front landing parasail	Two parasailors on one parasail landing on a sandy beach in front of a large rocky boulder and the water.
wide catch and mouth while white something. The has dog brown little to open trying his	The little white and brown dog has his mouth wide open while trying to catch something.
is boots. skirt wearing and walking woman The a	The woman walking is wearing a skirt and boots.
across running is small lawn. dog the The	The small dog is running across the lawn.
in barren pause Two while rock men hiking a terrain. on	Two men pause on a rock while hiking in barren terrain.
a follows and young in a a A orange in woman boy sweater wheelchair park.	A woman in a wheelchair and orange sweater follows a young boy in a park.
bottle his box man wine a a on of with holding head a	a man holding a bottle of wine with a box on his head
down dirt miniature a bike. hill rides a A little on bike a boy	A little boy rides a bike down a hill on a miniature dirt bike.
his jumping A out up a tongue to dog with small, catch is white toy.	A small, white dog with his tongue out is jumping up to catch a toy.
fence fishing over white People	People fishing over white fence
his A spread and face food baby plate. boy has over arms, all	A baby boy has spread food all over his arms, face and plate.
young rope at walking a A night. is across man suspended	A young man is walking across a suspended rope at night.
yellow woman A in smiling toddler dress. smiling a a holds	A smiling woman holds a smiling toddler in a yellow dress.
an fair. orange woman while above dress wearing riding the A makes face a	A woman wearing an orange dress makes a face while riding above the fair.
caught jumper competitive A midair. the is by in camera	A competitive jumper is caught by the camera in midair.
child onto jumps A a bed.	A child jumps onto a bed.
Two dragsters drag race down the track watching race of spectators of crowd front the the stands. a in from	Two dragsters race down the track in front of a crowd of spectators watching the drag race from the stands.
while small bikini shop. A man a a woman a cellphone looks on in on outside chats a pink city	A woman in a small pink bikini chats on a cellphone while a man looks on outside a city shop.
a dog front of the chasing dog a through black wire brown in snow is mesh fence. a	a brown dog is chasing a black dog through the snow in front of a wire mesh fence.
background. courtyard ship bubbles A a a in with in blows girl the little	A little girl blows bubbles in a courtyard with a ship in the background.
black dog and tan dog fight. A a	A tan dog and a black dog fight.
an on Guys sunny outside ice cream day. gathered store a	Guys gathered outside an ice cream store on a sunny day.
water in body with rock and a background. the man city climbs A of	A man rock climbs with a city and body of water in the background.
way while the a the chases yard a barn. in from A red across building dog a of ball	A while dog chases a red ball in the yard of a building across the way from a barn.
third women a while ride watches. camels, Two	Two women ride camels, while a third watches.
on young a A toilet. sitting boy blue	A young boy sitting on a blue toilet.
tree young between two stands girl asian A trunks.	A young asian girl stands between two tree trunks.
a forest. Bikers through race	Bikers race through a forest.
grassy a running dogs through field. Two	Two dogs running through a grassy field.
sporting at crowd. event A waves mascot to the a	A mascot at a sporting event waves to the crowd.
woman dog. stick for A a a holding out	A woman holding a stick out for a dog.
progress. football is game college in A	A college football game is in progress.
with white orange an through jumping A dried dog spot grass.	A white dog with an orange spot jumping through dried grass.
from of some a in on other, and eating it one red A with her hand baby plastic the face. it girl box holding	A baby girl holding a red plastic box in one hand and eating from it with the other, some of it on her face.
standing Little some rocks. on boy	Little boy standing on some rocks.
is balls various surrounded laughing colors. of A baby by	A laughing baby is surrounded by balls of various colors.
with young lips A on brown syrup eyed is red boy pouring his syrup.	A young brown eyed boy with red syrup on his lips is pouring syrup.
man park on bench pigeons. watching sitting A a	A man sitting on a park bench watching pigeons.
down Rays tent woods. of sunlight green the a in shine on	Rays of sunlight shine down on a green tent in the woods.
room. on a balancing a dark A is wooden in box skateboarder	A skateboarder is balancing on a wooden box in a dark room.
is A on railing man a down skateboarding stairs. some	A man is skateboarding down a railing on some stairs.
its over barks brown water. shoulder A in the dog	A brown dog barks over its shoulder in the water.
A a into jumps suit in a off a green building girl lake. bathing	A girl in a green bathing suit jumps off a building into a lake.
a tennis white and mouth. holds his ball dog in A brown	A brown and white dog holds a tennis ball in his mouth.
ball The the with walks a on yellow its beach mouth. tennis in dog	The yellow dog walks on the beach with a tennis ball in its mouth.
to A catch leaps ball. dog high a	A dog leaps high to catch a ball.
with standing are deep water. Two in wake-boards children	Two children with wake-boards are standing in deep water.
a white is on haired in street. coat black standing a A man city	A white haired man in a black coat is standing on a city street.
a under cloth. yellow is and a that in man behind shirt yellow out a blue from running a dog	a man in a yellow and blue shirt behind a dog that is running out from under a yellow cloth.
hallway. down running girls small a Two	Two small girls running down a hallway.
rope jumping in children uniforms Three school-aged	Three school-aged children in uniforms jumping rope
the street standing on people a winter clothes near wearing sidewalk three	three people wearing winter clothes standing on the sidewalk near a street
black for in jumps and stands toy dog holds up while it. snow man A the a a	A man stands in the snow and holds a toy up while a black dog jumps for it.
water a day. kayaks, colorful Four are people, the in on on sunny	Four people, in colorful kayaks, are on the water on a sunny day.
ball. in dressed white and kicking blue a young boy soccer A is	A young boy dressed in blue and white is kicking a soccer ball.
laughs. a water and plays girl with little A balloon	A little girl plays with a water balloon and laughs.
and on the man are a climbing in rock boys park. A two	A man and two boys are climbing on a rock in the park.
into pool. swim trunks red is in A jumping young a boy	A young boy in red swim trunks is jumping into a pool.
street. tie, a and walks through suit, man in overcoat, Older the	Older man in a suit, tie, and overcoat, walks through the street.
Three body a of people are water. in	Three people are in a body of water.
the brown in running and splashing dog black A water. is and	A black and brown dog is running and splashing in the water.
sleeping and a A brown dog staring closely brown dog. at white is	A brown dog is staring closely at a sleeping brown and white dog.
an in shadow People, their at boats fishermen, on with shore orangesunset possibly	People, possibly fishermen, with their boats in shadow on shore at an orangesunset
a group outside young naked of children showering	a group of young naked children showering outside
a on is night. at fishing A boardwalk and children mother	A mother and children is fishing on a boardwalk at night.
dresses Two building. are by women wearing a walking	Two women wearing dresses are walking by a building.
collar shaking off A dog orange water. an brown in	A brown dog in an orange collar shaking off water.
stands next A in to small dog dog, a field. larger a out	A small dog stands next to a larger dog, out in a field.
light dog. is The with playing dark the dog brown brown	The dark brown dog is playing with the light brown dog.
sliding is slide. little down a and blue boy teal A	A little boy is sliding down a teal and blue slide.
a A of chairs surrounded by child adults out lawn of in water. being splashed bottle	A child surrounded by adults in lawn chairs being splashed out of a bottle of water.
coming in his water lap. up a boy fountain through with sitting Little	Little boy sitting in water with a fountain coming up through his lap.
motorcycle. black Person and white, red, racing a on	Person on a red, white, and black racing motorcycle.
long dogs Two wrestle the together grass. in	Two dogs wrestle together in the long grass.
brown A dog big running.	A big brown dog running.
open A with while him. mouth stands has a headphones man wide to woman next his	A man with headphones has his mouth wide open while a woman stands next to him.
black one Two smiling the guys, camera. one for and white,	Two guys, one black and one white, smiling for the camera.
A car. dog in a	A dog in a car.
a a yellow a green A coming and snow. on snowboard into is jacket roof in pants person down the	A person in a green jacket and yellow pants is on a snowboard coming down a roof into the snow.
range hikes a mountain through Someone snowy	Someone hikes through a snowy mountain range
Thw in people festive large dressed the on are street. up outfits	Thw people are dressed up in large festive outfits on the street.
pose a women together. for picture Three	Three women pose for a picture together.
cast a hospital bed boy A in arm. while sleeps on his a wearing	A boy sleeps in a hospital bed while wearing a cast on his arm.
black black A is another chasing dog. dog	A black dog is chasing another black dog.
brown dog shallow chasing water. A a grey dog in	A grey dog chasing a brown dog in shallow water.
beach wear a a tiara dress and woman a on fancy	a woman wear a fancy dress and tiara on a beach
a on one with Two bottle a men, box his holding head	Two men, one with a box on his head holding a bottle
dog white plays A in water. the black and	A black and white dog plays in the water.
standing are together young arms outstretched. A with woman a and girl	A woman and a young girl are standing together with arms outstretched.
ramp. to skateboarder the A of a gets top	A skateboarder gets to the top of a ramp.
person compact inside a waits A car. red	A person waits inside a red compact car.
with a a behind white tarp A light jumps towards man him.	A man jumps towards a light with a white tarp behind him.
men and sing instruments. Several play back dressed in jumpsuites	Several men dressed in back jumpsuites sing and play instruments.
family steps A day on the sits young enjoying	A young family sits on steps enjoying the day
jumping grass. a white the from red wearing dog collar A is up	A white dog wearing a red collar is jumping up from the grass.
his opens tan A mouth bite tan another dog. to dog	A tan dog opens his mouth to bite another tan dog.
dances A on sidewalk. a girl	A girl dances on a sidewalk.
in a man A on midair bike BMX	A man on a BMX bike in midair
together leaves fallen. have Two that dogs through the run	Two dogs run together through the leaves that have fallen.
snowboarder snow. a the jump in A performs	A snowboarder performs a jump in the snow.
A on the a wearing and helmet headlamp climber to attached rope is rock blue a face.	A climber wearing a blue helmet and headlamp is attached to a rope on the rock face.
forest. rides a A a bike man a pine in trail down	A man rides a bike down a trail in a pine forest.
air jumping dog Frisbee. the in a A to catch up is white	A white dog is jumping up in the air to catch a Frisbee.
yellow A flowers. a dog chasing a of deer field in	A dog chasing a deer in a field of yellow flowers.
at some wall. on A pictures girl looking a	A girl looking at some pictures on a wall.
ball soccer a boy near walks with fence. a A	A boy walks with a soccer ball near a fence.
A sandy a surfing girl blonde hill down	A blonde girl surfing down a sandy hill
of a women with large young Two paper. piece	Two young women with a large piece of paper.
bunny Women race and the wearing numbers at distance. in something ears point	Women wearing bunny ears and race numbers point at something in the distance.
through is the dog water. jumping This	This dog is jumping through the water.
children pool. by relaxing the Two	Two children relaxing by the pool.
blue man shirt smoking in	man in blue shirt smoking
a in something field dog in holding A mouth. its	A dog in a field holding something in its mouth.
while game. a video on a is woman big screen A watching playing she boxing herself	A woman watching herself on a big screen while she is playing a boxing video game.
black of the sideways A blows race car. and smoke out back car silver and turns the	A silver and black race car turns sideways and blows smoke out the back of the car.
bird a mouth. holding black black dog is in his A	A black dog is holding a black bird in his mouth.
water down shooting with and waist jets bathing slip a from slide on in suit child the of seen a A up standing	A child seen from the waist down in a bathing suit standing on a slip and slide with jets of water shooting up
a on handstand doing child the beach. A	A child doing a handstand on the beach.
camera. clay and into near A a the bench person older looks stands	A older person stands near a clay bench and looks into the camera.
the high performs An jump. athlete	An athlete performs the high jump.
a on A stands a ledge circular tree. woman surrounding tall	A woman stands on a circular ledge surrounding a tall tree.
fly. a brown and eyeing A black dog	A black and brown dog eyeing a fly.
a shirt A trail behind boy of air. has has snowball left a a that in the it thrown in snow black	A boy in a black shirt has thrown a snowball that has left a trail of snow behind it in the air.
a vendor. two street people at look	two people look at a street vendor.
filled market. street is with a Indian in people A	A street is filled with Indian people in a market.
by trees. surrounded child at young is A large a beach a through running puddle	A young child is running through a large puddle at a beach surrounded by trees.
smoking sitting cigarette. A chair in a a man	A man sitting in a chair smoking a cigarette.
air the catch is to dog orange an jumping Frisbee. A in	A dog is jumping in the air to catch an orange Frisbee.
a in man face. A makes soup and holds ladles orange funny	A man in orange holds soup ladles and makes a funny face.
people a watching performance Many	Many people watching a performance
a is man rollerblading brick beside railing A red white building. a down	A man is rollerblading down a white railing beside a red brick building.
water. the cable a suspended over by boat A	A boat suspended by a cable over the water.
Several a skiers cross-country trail. following	Several cross-country skiers following a trail.
of air jumps a snowboarder into high off A the snowy ramp.	A snowboarder jumps high into the air off of a snowy ramp.
rugby. are group of A playing men	A group of men are playing rugby.
mouth. toy is his running with in The dog his	The dog is running with his toy in his mouth.
little who of man a ship. A a a behind on throws sailor at object standing a girl an cutout is	A little girl throws an object at a man who is standing behind a cutout of a sailor on a ship.
grey alongside a grey a dog small a in running of sweashirt	a grey in a grey sweashirt running alongside of a small dog
a along walks A dog beach.	A dog walks along a beach.
dog runs with bucket. black A red a	A black dog runs with a red bucket.
runs orange dog on the with brown grass dog toy. an A ears with green white	A white dog with brown ears runs on the green grass with an orange dog toy.
running through on is dog the water beach. The black the	The black dog is running through the water on the beach.
gear. a Quite with snow the few walk their hikers through	Quite a few hikers walk through the snow with their gear.
stairs. Some on skateboarders	Some skateboarders on stairs.
on people a ski. jetskiing jet blue Two	Two people jetskiing on a blue jet ski.
splashing next grassy bank. outdoor in A an dog a to white is stream	A white dog is splashing in an outdoor stream next to a grassy bank.
in on man the is with red a a and in sail. The water suit black board white the	The man in the black suit is in the water on a white and red board with a sail.
snowy the on mountain. Ski of side a equipment	Ski equipment on the side of a snowy mountain.
collar with black a purple running dog	a black dog with purple collar running
riding small horses a attempt Two rope cowboys cow. to	Two cowboys riding horses attempt to rope a small cow.
rag creek. through almost-dried an drags up dog white a A	A dog drags a white rag through an almost-dried up creek.
Two other. hugging ocean standing kids the in are each	Two kids are standing in the ocean hugging each other.
a sitting oriental in man train. subway and An are woman	An oriental man and woman are sitting in a subway train.
a young lady disgusted looking A wearing shirt. blue	A young lady looking disgusted wearing a blue shirt.
various clothing. wearing of Numerous types African Americans	Numerous African Americans wearing various types of clothing.
game on a jumping during the another in grass. Man	Man jumping on another during a game in the grass.
a children and water Two fountain. woman a playing in are	Two children and a woman are playing in a water fountain.
running dogs beach. Two on the	Two dogs running on the beach.
makes a surfer splash. big a	a surfer makes a big splash.
around bend a a leaning bike track. on dirt mountain is cyclist A a	A cyclist is leaning a mountain bike around a bend on a dirt track.
red a on happy people Four sitting couch	Four happy people sitting on a red couch
riding Men skateboards.	Men riding skateboards.
camera. setup man a woman and A	A man and woman setup a camera.
on the an boy shore ocean. playing is of The	The boy is playing on the shore of an ocean.
brown grass and a down black A hill. and dirt walks dog	A black and brown dog walks down a dirt and grass hill.
a outfits bicycles riding their down in dirt people road. Two red	Two people in red outfits riding their bicycles down a dirt road.
dogs run down a autumn cover Two the as trail ground leaves	Two dogs run down a trail as autumn leaves cover the ground
other. an adult child A looking and at each	A child and an adult looking at each other.
on A skateboard man a	A man on a skateboard
A hill. steep person skis a down snowy	A person skis down a steep snowy hill.
on Segway t-shirt in green riding a A boy is a	A boy in a green t-shirt is riding on a Segway
pink woman two shorts A and and blonde shoes. jeans wearing wearing girls flip flops hair toddler brown holding	A woman wearing jeans and brown flip flops holding two blonde hair toddler girls wearing pink shorts and shoes.
playing A in water. boy	A boy playing in water.
rock The leading face. climbers in is red climber up a long	The climber in red is leading climbers up a long rock face.
on A person jogging a sidewalk.	A person jogging on a sidewalk.
gravel. runs boy the little across The	The little boy runs across the gravel.
The the fence on dog is	The dog is on the fence
farm. on pack dog white herds a a of sheep dusty A wolf-like	A wolf-like dog herds a pack of white sheep on a dusty farm.
colorful bouncing on kids balls. Two are	Two kids are bouncing on colorful balls.
whilst on and the is dog A black white grass. walking drooling	A black and white dog is drooling whilst walking on the grass.
crowns. statute of liberty green Some wearing young foam adults are	Some young adults are wearing green foam statute of liberty crowns.
placed dog scratches a a on and back. rolls mattress A his porch on	A dog rolls on a mattress placed on a porch and scratches his back.
dog a A through jumps hoop.	A dog jumps through a hoop.
sand his the The has in next running is a wet, stick to the and brown in dog water. mouth	The wet, brown dog has a stick in his mouth and is running in the sand next to the water.
a Children in posing tree	Children posing in a tree
blanket. feed horse for a man blue a in holds A	A man holds feed for a horse in a blue blanket.
eating boys Two outside. popscicles	Two boys eating popscicles outside.
dark sits a bar. at woman a	a woman sits at a dark bar.
at geyser girl pointing a The is	The girl is pointing at a geyser
standing A with a in front. building painted boarded-up man brick white	A boarded-up painted white brick building with a man standing in front.
white lone riding a a a wave surfboard. surfing surfboarder	a lone surfboarder surfing a wave riding a white surfboard.
hit ball. red The the player trying to in tennis shirt is the	The tennis player in the red shirt is trying to hit the ball.
to what children singing musical a playing Six be church. and in appears instruments	Six children playing musical instruments and singing in what appears to be a church.
train a man A bearded on	A bearded man on a train
brown a dog leash. A on small	A small brown dog on a leash.
stands of at entrance man Yerba Arts. the the A for Buena Center	A man stands at the entrance of Yerba Buena Center for the Arts.
ears the the camera towards floppy in with woods. walking dog A	A dog with floppy ears walking towards the camera in the woods.
dog Large running field. the in	Large dog running in the field.
bed. Two on down lay girls upside their	Two girls lay upside down on their bed.
through dog running Brown shallow water.	Brown dog running through shallow water.
a horses race. ride during Jockeys	Jockeys ride horses during a race.
lake. jumping into the dog is The	The dog is jumping into the lake.
air. in Snow surfer flying	Snow surfer flying in air.
a ponytail stone woman with white a structure. climbs A young	A young woman with a ponytail climbs a white stone structure.
water is A drink. and a takes way dog in almost the all the	A dog is almost all the way in the water and takes a drink.
playing are toddler whilst and A a nursery. in smiling a baby	A baby and a toddler are smiling whilst playing in a nursery.
A rollerblader a in is on midair ramp.	A rollerblader is in midair on a ramp.
playground. a hat, a Two wearing boys, in one	Two boys, one wearing a hat, in a playground.
a woman in outside runs A coat. blue	A woman runs outside in a blue coat.
Two crossing a the day women street on cold	Two women crossing the street on a cold day
eating the is wearing sitting fries. next to white The girl a man t-shirt french	The girl sitting next to the man wearing a white t-shirt is eating french fries.
dog A across jumping an obstacle. is	A dog is jumping across an obstacle.
man is shirt is red the at This a waiting restaurant.	This man is the red shirt is waiting at a restaurant.
girls learn three young ballet.	three young girls learn ballet.
A are at skaters group skate of park. a	A group of skaters are at a skate park.
ball. soccer A dog a with yellow plays	A yellow dog plays with a soccer ball.
in a dress Two in doorway. period sitting women	Two women in period dress sitting in a doorway.
children. hide colorful of number A balls	A number of colorful balls hide children.
rows kneels of candles by. girl A others walk young while beside	A young girl kneels beside rows of candles while others walk by.
backyard. A the holding in a boy little sparkler lit is	A little boy is holding a lit sparkler in the backyard.
at a blue the bag rummaging jacket is man roadside. The in white the plastic through	The man in the blue jacket is rummaging through a white plastic bag at the roadside.
jackets the heavy a on pair of in rides winter through people A snow snowmobile.	A pair of people in heavy winter jackets rides through the snow on a snowmobile.
between the The is break coming players. the fight referee up hockey to	The referee is coming to break up the fight between the hockey players.
wooded outdoors a The dogs area. near running are	The dogs are running outdoors near a wooded area.
the huge opening. The the are citizens as crowds await	The crowds are huge as the citizens await the opening.
other a A two pit children while ball a another boy removes man watch. man and from	A man removes a boy from a ball pit while two other children and another man watch.
played fluffy men, to by them while for music asking by. in skirts Two pass money, others women dancing	Two women in fluffy skirts dancing to music played by men, asking for money, while others pass them by.
men rugby bunch of playing A	A bunch of men playing rugby
dog small dog. at the The is fence big the looking through	The big dog is looking through the fence at the small dog.
another food which a bird are in mouth Four its of chasing has birds piece	Four birds are chasing another bird which has a piece of food in its mouth
piece runs along of white the with A beach. a grainy a shore black chest dog	A white dog with a black chest piece runs along the shore of a grainy beach.
blue walk-way. a railed walking are People up	People are walking up a blue railed walk-way.
while jumping midair in a A a into pool. football man catches	A man catches a football in midair while jumping into a pool.
woman hut, Two looking straw children one inside outwards. a young and	Two children and one young woman inside a straw hut, looking outwards.
one large some and white dog, in Two standing black one small large black are snow. dogs, dog	Two large black dogs, one small black dog, and one large white dog are standing in some snow.
market. of Two are people inside standing a	Two people are standing inside of a market.
black A in its bucket mouth. carries dog a	A black dog carries a bucket in its mouth.
yellow a with orange corner a A his tube. dog tail and after rounds exiting up,	A dog rounds a corner with his tail up, after exiting a yellow and orange tube.
a from drinking black dog white water A water spray. and	A black and white dog drinking water from a water spray.
uniforms a cricket on men in playing are field. Three	Three men in uniforms are playing cricket on a field.
a of A his young on face. a in leaves skateboarder smile with pile	A young skateboarder in a pile of leaves with a smile on his face.
in Female a standing tower rocks. white jacket front by in of red surrounded	Female in red jacket standing in front of a white tower surrounded by rocks.
the blue is camera. posing in for Man	Man in blue is posing for the camera.
with bicycle a helmet. Man and	Man with a bicycle and helmet.
boat. Two and large white on of side a the people red stand	Two people stand on the side of a large white and red boat.
uphill. race bikers Two	Two bikers race uphill.
in man jacket is a pony-tailed helmet. yellow bicycle a wearing A	A pony-tailed man in a yellow jacket is wearing a bicycle helmet.
tree. The dog spotted on chews a	The spotted dog chews on a tree.
children yellow and young under umbrella. two blue a	two young children under a blue and yellow umbrella.
An street. the uphill crossing elderly walking woman	An elderly woman walking uphill crossing the street.
with doing wheel ledge on on one a bicycle, stunt is one person a air. in and the a This	This person is doing a stunt on a bicycle, with one wheel on a ledge and one in the air.
straddles A city rack a girl on bike a street.	A girl straddles a bike rack on a city street.
large longhaired a man wave. A surfing	A longhaired man surfing a large wave.
behind are woman with Two a riding on motorcycles, each helmets guys him with	Two guys with helmets are on motorcycles, each with a woman riding behind him
dog white a pulling The large stick. is	The white dog is pulling a large stick.
woman man Mouse a and crowd. stand wearing A in ears Mickey	A man and woman wearing Mickey Mouse ears stand in a crowd.
is laying black on brown rug. dog a and A shaggy	A brown and black dog is laying on a shaggy rug.
black, White, shirts. greyhounds numbered racing and brown in	White, black, and brown greyhounds racing in numbered shirts.
A a band a set yellow to in up crowd. man next	A man in yellow set up a band next to a crowd.
air. dog the a A catches disk in	A dog catches a disk in the air.
boat. a for posing are Two a on picture little girls	Two little girls are posing for a picture on a boat.
There and are wearing with two which backpack. a sunglasses, of one men hat a is	There are two men with sunglasses, one of which is wearing a hat and a backpack.
Small a in on a reaching of lamp. a the for dress chair arm teal girl floor	Small girl in a teal dress on the arm of a chair reaching for a floor lamp.
by shirt white a green car a hanging two subway straps wearing in man young a and	a young man wearing a green and white shirt hanging by two straps in a subway car
child at Santa. staring A	A child staring at Santa.
a store. Shoppers record in	Shoppers in a record store.
boy stand black hut. a little is palace a watching guard a little outside	a little boy is watching a palace guard stand outside a little black hut.
the The shorts a in people white on the controlling the puppet. balcony like man are	The people on the balcony are controlling the man in the white shorts like a puppet.
in wear and in the a colored a A beige room dark moniter background. man a woman shirts with	A man and a woman wear dark colored shirts in a beige room with a moniter in the background.
A jumping extremely biker high.	A biker jumping extremely high.
shirt aloft. holding no baby with A man a	A man with no shirt holding a baby aloft.
blue wearing A on child overalls red light slide. small a sits	A small child wearing light blue overalls sits on a red slide.
horses. riding group A	A group riding horses.
on is is on he hands man's her laying a in sitting a air little back blanket. while A with girl the	A little girl with her hands in the air is sitting on a man's back while he is laying on a blanket.
man t-shirt smiling sunglasses. is black wearing The white dark and a	The smiling black man is wearing a white t-shirt and dark sunglasses.
brown A running grass. dog through the	A brown dog running through the grass.
child adult a An together. kite and fly a	An adult and a child fly a kite together.
red runs collar. A woods weimaraner the a wearing dog through	A weimaraner dog runs through the woods wearing a red collar.
is a on laying with talking man crouched to A to black her. next in dressed down who hair long woman large a trunk is tree pink	A large woman with long pink hair dressed in black is laying on a tree trunk talking to a man who is crouched down next to her.
river mouth. is with a towel wading a in dog A its in	A dog is wading in a river with a towel in its mouth.
beautiful area. in fenced A a in horse is running	A beautiful horse is running in a fenced in area.
Two dogs in a yard. playing	Two dogs playing in a yard.
across Three are a landscape. running dogs sandy	Three dogs are running across a sandy landscape.
dog dog. towers a black smaller over black far A large	A large black dog towers over a far smaller black dog.
on of back it. skateboard skateboarder off in in midair his A hopes landing jumps	A skateboarder jumps off his skateboard in midair in hopes of landing back on it.
a with A the a dog in a mouth. Frisbee in air Frisbee with his man and	A man with a Frisbee and a dog in the air with a Frisbee in his mouth.
hair Two a with long picture women for posing	Two women with long hair posing for a picture
a bike, boy posing A helmet. on wearing little his	A little boy posing on his bike, wearing a helmet.
A in wearing shorts blue person jogs. and a Walkman	A person in blue shorts and wearing a Walkman jogs.
the brown running A sand. is in dog	A brown dog is running in the sand.
farm A off dog looks equipment. into by brown some distance the	A brown dog looks off into the distance by some farm equipment.
through people fountain running couple a large a sidewalk	a couple people running through a large sidewalk fountain
small a next display. to children window Two stand	Two small children stand next to a window display.
covered A on a group shown snow of skiers mountain.	A group of skiers shown on a snow covered mountain.
dog and dog man a One and shorter one with huge on woman. are tall little a path	One huge dog and one little dog are on a path with a tall man and shorter woman.
is down purple slide. A a little sliding girl	A little girl is sliding down a purple slide.
behind ball. in Boys a uniform	Boys in uniform behind a ball.
guys, guitar, a yelling. Three with	Three guys, with a guitar, yelling.
in leaps bride. toward suit his man A a	A man in a suit leaps toward his bride.
the water. stands girl rocky A a out at on shore litle looks at	A litle girl stands on a rocky shore at looks out at the water.
in snow. is hill that on covered partly people Three a standing are	Three people are standing on a hill that is partly covered in snow.
is inflatable an on A child bouncer. jumping	A child is jumping on an inflatable bouncer.
soccer ball in the red. keeps The man from player in the purple	The soccer player in purple keeps the ball from the man in red.
hill. up little girl a blonde going A	A little blonde girl going up a hill.
mountain a trail heavily wooded biker a area. along travels dirt A inside	A mountain biker travels along a dirt trail inside a heavily wooded area.
some green by bay are surrounded the beach and of a hills. enjoying people dog	some people and dog are enjoying the beach of a bay surrounded by green hills.
jump snowy making on boarder hillside. a A ski a	A ski boarder making a jump on a snowy hillside.
riding to men with a backpacks are clinging on vehicle. young and Many	Many young men with backpacks are clinging to and riding on a vehicle.
green field. fetch dog in a playing A	A dog playing fetch in a green field.
hockey. Girls play field	Girls play field hockey.
kids Middle group for the of A posing picture young Eastern	A group of young Middle Eastern kids posing for the picture
holding holding the a in The blue his mitt bat, is jersey man dark the is and out. catcher	The man in the dark blue jersey is holding a bat, and the catcher is holding his mitt out.
a girl overalls is A on playing see-saw. in	A girl in overalls is playing on a see-saw.
snow and a man storm. outside A in a dog	A man and a dog outside in a snow storm.
with on a and wall other. one river children the Three side on a on sidewalk a run	Three children run on a sidewalk with a river on one side and a wall on the other.
playing are boys beach game. the a on Three running	Three boys are running on the beach playing a game.
wave. sized a a surfer rides medium	a surfer rides a medium sized wave.
runs small through A dog a field.	A small dog runs through a field.
other Two in grass. dogs the each with play	Two dogs play with each other in the grass.
shirtless in during game. shorts A man beach volleyball spikes a a colorful volleyball	A shirtless man in colorful shorts spikes a volleyball during a beach volleyball game.
tan dog the water. a of A off into jumping boat	A tan dog jumping off of a boat into the water.
beach rock a the A dog large stands him. behind with on	A dog stands on the beach with a large rock behind him.
teenage baseball. A boy pitching a	A teenage boy pitching a baseball.
a tan A dog girls laying licks hand while down.	A tan dog licks a girls hand while laying down.
the sand running a dog sunny day. in on Slender	Slender dog running in the sand on a sunny day.
with walking in away A a large, the person running a up white dog hill back.	A large, white dog running up a hill with a person walking away in the back.
performs. a band	a band performs.
the shooting Man at of picture women beach.	Man shooting picture of women at the beach.
snow. Two dogs black in the	Two black dogs in the snow.
small field motion a trees. with in in dogs Two grassy	Two dogs in motion in a grassy field with small trees.
leaps dog over hurdle. colored light a A	A light colored dog leaps over a hurdle.
watches a child near A a pool. small play woman	A woman watches a child play near a small pool.
the a skateboarding is beams A over asphalt wall. while sun man on	A man is skateboarding on asphalt while the sun beams over a wall.
wearing and smiling. woman white a A black wearing are man	A man wearing black and a woman wearing white are smiling.
painted on a a located wall. ramp the skateboarding multicolored graffti in room with	a skateboarding ramp located in a room with multicolored graffti painted on the wall.
ball a blue kicking young girl a	a young girl kicking a blue ball
water. the splashed boy The	The boy splashed the water.
car lady the the in crossing The is red bridge.	The lady in the red car is crossing the bridge.
big the The smaller checking is dog. dog out	The big dog is checking out the smaller dog.
covered a cap white t-shirt a wall. a along is man in skating and graffiti	a man in a white t-shirt and cap is skating along a graffiti covered wall.
a walking thick Four during sunset. people across snow	Four people walking across thick snow during a sunset.
with a A drums. white headband man playing	A man with a white headband playing drums.
little watches while picture takes A mom in boredom. a girl	A little girl takes a picture while mom watches in boredom.
jumping goggles A boy man. into a pool containing a with	A boy with goggles jumping into a pool containing a man.
Two reaching ball. players a for basketball	Two basketball players reaching for a ball.
A football game.	A football game.
something mud. and Two black in dogs the after white	Two black and white dogs after something in the mud.
A leash a through water. is running some wet on dog	A wet dog on a leash is running through some water.
stunning for picture of A clouds. hiker in front mountains poses a and	A hiker poses for a picture in front of stunning mountains and clouds.
track. are around a greyhound in bend The running dogs the racing	The greyhound racing dogs are running around a bend in the track.
a track. car is small around The a driving race man red	The man is driving a small red race car around a track.
in black-and-white water. the running A dog	A black-and-white dog running in the water.
flower yellow with of women all dressed pins. red A in group	A group of women all dressed in red with yellow flower pins.
couple running with the background through water a in the of trees dogs	a couple of dogs running through the water with trees in the background
shirts red women clapping. Five in	Five women in red shirts clapping.
cement slope. riding Cyclist a on	Cyclist riding on a cement slope.
jumping in midair. German Shepherd A	A German Shepherd jumping in midair.
hula-hoops. children with Two	Two children with hula-hoops.
ramp. the skateboard is of top boy a a at on A	A boy on a skateboard is at the top of a ramp.
a the man jumping young through a staircase near air	a young man jumping through the air near a staircase
red prepares Quarterback Football to red player helmet receive Sooners in snap and jersey	Football player Quarterback in red Sooners jersey and red helmet prepares to receive snap
is lady shirt. fire blue a wearing department The	The lady is wearing a blue fire department shirt.
a pink mug. woman a tank plastic beer top in A holds	A woman in a pink tank top holds a plastic beer mug.
water. a is The on the has necklace child in and	The child has a necklace on and is in the water.
is hill. and white climbing down a dog black A	A black and white dog is climbing down a hill.
the behind her, girl does the bend setting. surf, another in side girl a sun A	A girl does a side bend in the surf, another girl behind her, the sun setting.
in zigzag of up patterned walking a building. are ramp People a front	People are walking up a zigzag patterned ramp in front of a building.
man performing on a young stage. four	four young man performing on a stage.
trail bike. is A her on a riding woman dirt down	A woman is riding down a dirt trail on her bike.
persues as thrower A watches. Frisbee a the the grass dog brown across	A brown dog persues a Frisbee across the grass as the thrower watches.
ocean along an black walks A front. dog	A black dog walks along an ocean front.
up sun catch jumps as is dog to tennis buy backlit ball. he a the A	A dog is backlit buy the sun as he jumps up to catch a tennis ball.
snow. Two are the playing dogs in	Two dogs are playing in the snow.
reads A book on subway. man a the	A man reads a book on the subway.
at parlor. people Three tattoo Asian	Three people at Asian tattoo parlor.
outfits walking a sidewalk. couple hand hand a wearing bright and on	a couple wearing bright outfits walking hand and hand on a sidewalk.
play them a for and football onlookers dressed orange, while black in team watch. holder kicker white A behind and	A holder and kicker for a football team dressed in orange, white and black play while onlookers behind them watch.
against kids A dumpster. sitting red a large group of	A group of kids sitting against a large red dumpster.
hanging a from gym boy jungle A	A boy hanging from a jungle gym
a basketball to lay in about and Miami Clemson player playing one game, the ball	Miami and Clemson playing a basketball game, one player about to lay the ball in
the players ice. in struggle on a Two hockey	Two hockey players in a struggle on the ice.
are canoe near riding people Two a forest. a in	Two people are riding in a canoe near a forest.
through grass. run and dogs the dry Two black brown	Two brown and black dogs run through the dry grass.
rock A climbing face a boy	A boy climbing a rock face
A red crowd. vest woman in stands in a a	A woman in a red vest stands in a crowd.
a sits A in store. wearing a and to girl hat of on a shirt brown boy next a front box	A boy wearing a brown shirt and hat sits on a box next to a girl in front of a store.
few A the together people mountaintop. on snowy sit	A few people sit together on the snowy mountaintop.
dogs in are fenced gravel. a playing in of area Two	Two dogs are playing in a fenced in area of gravel.
bubbles The ear. smiling has their child near	The smiling child has bubbles near their ear.
blue cigarette dark woman in A a hand. coat, in	A woman in a dark blue coat, cigarette in hand.
wooden board. grasping hi-viz man A wearing is yellow a	A man wearing yellow hi-viz is grasping a wooden board.
outside. walk man a woman and A	A man and a woman walk outside.
the holding. woman is at is the she making baby that faces	the woman is making faces at the baby that she is holding.
through tan field. happily a walks A dog and black	A tan and black dog walks happily through a field.
climbs a woman A up cliff	A woman climbs up a cliff
man is crowd of standing smoking A a cigarette. people while a amidst	A man is standing amidst a crowd of people while smoking a cigarette.
one. brown dog little chasing little A a black	A little black dog chasing a little brown one.
fountain girl A a of front in standing young	A young girl standing in front of a fountain
intersection. vendor busy on of the street A corner a	A street vendor on the corner of a busy intersection.
Batman a posing man is in dressed costume. A	A man is posing dressed in a Batman costume.
black snow little white and whit dog in ball. is the a The red	The little black and white dog is in the snow whit a red ball.
many at tables. people Many sitting	Many people sitting at many tables.
play a children in the with yellow umbrella blue and Two bathtub.	Two children with a yellow and blue umbrella play in the bathtub.
dogs together. play three	three dogs play together.
leaves. jumping is in dog the some air A over	A dog is jumping in the air over some leaves.
A plants. of tan front standing is dog some in	A tan dog is standing in front of some plants.
climbing a mountain. Two snowy up people	Two people climbing up a snowy mountain.
throwing amusement part as someone are of an food game. park at Children	Children are throwing food at someone as part of an amusement park game.
skateboard street. above on jumping A person their high the	A person jumping high above their skateboard on the street.
is a A on leading boy path. donkeys	A boy is leading donkeys on a path.
a is white on boy A playing grassy a dress in plain. shirt young	A young boy in a white dress shirt is playing on a grassy plain.
Two into the kids forest look	Two kids look into the forest
in moving red Someone on is a midair. in bike	Someone in red on a bike is moving in midair.
There blow-up the high piled is sitting in snow. person plastic on a float a	There is a person sitting on a plastic blow-up float in the high piled snow.
owner walks slalom-like the A a performs while dog obstacle side. along	A dog performs a slalom-like obstacle while the owner walks along side.
with walks policeman his shepherd. The German	The policeman walks with his German shepherd.
on trick person the performing aerial A with an in a is city. glasses post	A person with glasses is performing an aerial trick on a post in the city.
hole a way in dog in the half A ground.	A dog half way in a hole in the ground.
jumps guy make to basketball a A shot.	A guy jumps to make a basketball shot.
and shakes the dog water to white A off itself black get	A black and white dog shakes itself to get the water off
in one blue, Two in snow making and one red children, angels.	Two children, one in red and one in blue, making snow angels.
multicolored standing a three dogs grassy in field	three multicolored dogs standing in a grassy field
A the girl in little sitting snow	A little girl sitting in the snow
each other. People are against on ATV vehicles competing	People on ATV vehicles are competing against each other.
Two body water. a by sand each and dogs, husky, other of chase a the spaniel across a	Two dogs, a spaniel and a husky, chase each other across the sand by a body of water.
man little girl is pink tiny down. who stands by wearing sitting wearing and brown a A	A tiny little girl wearing pink stands by a man who is wearing brown and sitting down.
men Group dirty play football. of	Group of dirty men play football.
the other dog his on dogs as two back rolls on. A in grass look	A dog rolls on his back in the grass as two other dogs look on.
A air. flies the snowboarder in	A snowboarder flies in the air.
a pool. kids play in Two	Two kids play in a pool.
a is a pouring over The head. of boy girl's bucket water	The boy is pouring a bucket of water over a girl's head.
an A trains man dog. attack	A man trains an attack dog.
jogging. wearing and is A purple woman	A woman is wearing purple and jogging.
running. orange A lady is in	A lady in orange is running.
A down collie slide. runs a	A collie runs down a slide.
the A splash dog in standing shallow while the waves ocean around. part of the	A dog standing in the shallow part of the ocean while the waves splash around.
a man cheek. A on the guessing woman is brown-haired blond	A blond woman is guessing a brown-haired man on the cheek.
jumping and ground. touch is to hurdle A a girl about	A girl is jumping a hurdle and about to touch ground.
little dogs looking out Two cage. of their	Two little dogs looking out of their cage.
plays baby little croquet. A	A little baby plays croquet.
a arms front with of in her store crossed. standing woman A	A woman standing in front of a store with her arms crossed.
through are group field. people backpacking of grassy A a	A group of people are backpacking through a grassy field.
few source. camera About a off get kids and adults an 12 by splashed	About 12 kids and a few adults get splashed by an off camera source.
swimming open in is water. boy A	A boy is swimming in open water.
next jumps while kneels water a man dog A dock to in on the him. a	A man kneels on a dock while a dog jumps in the water next to him.
runs grass. yellow white field on dry, and dog a A of black	A black and white dog runs on a dry, yellow field of grass.
field. The ran dog in the	The dog ran in the field.
of of sides people with of sitting mountains on top A snow group both them. on covered rocks	A group of people sitting on top of rocks with snow covered mountains on both sides of them.
mid-jump. A in skateboarder	A skateboarder in mid-jump.
as runs A grass fly the boy young to along begin two geese away.	A young boy runs along the grass as two geese begin to fly away.
a to face, dogs, face road. dirt on Two	Two dogs, face to face, on a dirt road.
air skateboard. man the on a in A jumps young	A young man jumps in the air on a skateboard.
Two game together. sports in playing men a are	Two men are playing in a sports game together.
with near black black hat signs. Person and coat with buildings	Person with black hat and black coat near buildings with signs.
surfer A ocean. the the in air above is	A surfer is in the air above the ocean.
in fenced white dog dog brown a a on is A backyard. pouncing in	A white dog is pouncing on a brown dog in a fenced in backyard.
library. at sitting in a are desks People	People are sitting at desks in a library.
audience. backwards the turned children Some while in	Some children turned backwards while in the audience.
children playing yard him. around and the hoops hula in are one has Two	Two children are playing in the yard and one has hula hoops around him.
on jumping are Kids a rimmed blue trampoline.	Kids are jumping on a blue rimmed trampoline.
play Naked children on the riverbank. muddy	Naked children play on the muddy riverbank.
bike jump. a Three over dirt racers head	Three dirt bike racers head over a jump.
at stands and A two a dog a near cowboy sheep rodeo.	A cowboy stands near two sheep and a dog at a rodeo.
A white the with mouth running an snow dog its in object in	A white dog in the snow running with an object in its mouth
Frisbee its holding mouth. in a A dog	A dog holding a Frisbee in its mouth.
A dogs while two and contracption black on stands cat at big stare it. a gray	A black and gray cat stands on a contracption while two big dogs stare at it.
Someone's running frame legs a in are over beach shore.	Someone's legs are in frame running over a beach shore.
over horse that large sand. is stands A black on colt a brown small kneeling the	A large brown horse stands over a small black colt that is kneeling on the sand.
man climbs a large no shirt A of wearing rock. the side	A man wearing no shirt climbs the side of a large rock.
a man large leans against robot. a	a man leans against a large robot.
with Dog in snow. head	Dog with head in snow.
skate of the rollerblader A ramp. top at a pauses	A rollerblader pauses at the top of a skate ramp.
an A and striped clothing near black. older is lady sitting pink, red wearing baby in	A baby in pink, striped clothing is sitting near an older lady wearing red and black.
a A performing in bicycle midair. inside trick man	A man performing a bicycle trick inside in midair.
a red smoke A paved emitting on car while track.	A red car emitting smoke while on a paved track.
in area. military tent A a watches men small crowd	A small crowd watches military men in a tent area.
three car. A a man, woman by are bicycles resting silver and	A man, woman and three bicycles are resting by a silver car.
muddy person trail. a A dirtbikes along	A person dirtbikes along a muddy trail.
a through dog water. runs the	a dog runs through the water.
for woman A a poses picture outdoors.	A woman poses for a picture outdoors.
descends diving of off high a boy A the board. end	A boy descends off the end of a high diving board.
person a A in shoots gun. a shirt blue	A person in a blue shirt shoots a gun.
sniffing tree recently Dog cut stump.	Dog sniffing recently cut tree stump.
cellphone a short a sitting A at her looks while concrete woman with backpack wall. on	A woman with a backpack looks at her cellphone while sitting on a short concrete wall.
in The different open the in many stood crowd lines field.	The crowd stood in many different lines in the open field.
the Skateboarder on a building large steps gray on	Skateboarder on the gray steps on a large building
into the dog a white air. jumps	a white dog jumps into the air.
bull. to cowboy the lasso prepares The	The cowboy prepares to lasso the bull.
jacket a snowboarding A black during in the evening. person is	A person in a black jacket is snowboarding during the evening.
an bars A collie jumps course. bearded over agility at test	A bearded collie jumps over bars at an agility test course.
A bicycle riding the a man on vest highway. safety in a	A man in a safety vest riding a bicycle on the highway.
yard. out are playing in a dogs Two	Two dogs are playing out in a yard.
shirt stares man a at swordsman A in a black	A man in a black shirt stares at a swordsman
on float in jackets people life Four a raft.	Four people in life jackets float on a raft.
jumping and the filled in blue play green tent air. Children with	Children play in the blue and green jumping tent filled with air.
a on together young bed couple a lying	a young couple lying on a bed together
The swing. girl is a on sitting	The girl is sitting on a swing.
low dogs surrounded by uncut direction an brush. field in change Two	Two dogs change direction in an uncut field surrounded by low brush.
jacket, a dog toy. pounces a wearing a	a dog wearing a jacket, pounces a toy.
goes down slide. a red A girl	A girl goes down a red slide.
waterskier the over in a flying slighty wave air a	a waterskier flying slighty in the air over a wave
playing passes man topless are on four A swing. who children a	A topless man passes four children who are playing on a swing.
in mouth something water his holding striped with white red Guy in rope and rushing	Guy with something in his mouth in rushing water holding red and white striped rope
a while A snowy hill climbs person a dog follows. black	A person climbs a snowy hill while a black dog follows.
running dog through A the yard is	A dog is running through the yard
A terrier beach. ball with on small the plays tennis a	A small terrier plays with a tennis ball on the beach.
toy. dog A to jumps a catch	A dog jumps to catch a toy.
white a and and a jumps white a purple over brown dog field. in hurdle	a brown and white dog jumps over a purple and white hurdle in a field.
ground. ledge of a cement onto the children jumping off Two young dirt	Two young children jumping off of a cement ledge onto the dirt ground.
Two uniformed boys play soccer.	Two uniformed boys play soccer.
three of group dogs a competition. in competing A	A group of three dogs competing in a competition.
of in bathing a an girl pool. Young into a the off end suit falling slide	Young girl in an bathing suit falling off the end of a slide into a pool.
walks across wearing blue some rocks. boy A	A boy wearing blue walks across some rocks.
river dog walking trees background in brown in with a a the	a brown dog walking in a river with trees in the background
goal tried block the team The the it. and toward black the ball to knocked red team	The red team knocked the ball toward the goal and the black team tried to block it.
swinging A banner. a child multi-colored	A child swinging a multi-colored banner.
on the a is large pulling The in yellow his face. t-shirt man grin	The man in the yellow t-shirt is pulling a large grin on his face.
jumping young trampoline woman a a on is	a young woman is jumping on a trampoline
in birds interacting Two grass the	Two birds interacting in the grass
of through runs field golden grass. tall A dog a	A golden dog runs through a field of tall grass.
a edge on orange of dog ball. A white the with shakes an beach	A white dog shakes on the edge of a beach with an orange ball.
breed a dog shepherd beach the on running	a shepherd breed dog running on the beach
man and red eating yellow is A past and a walking sign.	A man is eating and walking past a yellow and red sign.
crowd clothing, A of train. waiting winter for people in the young	A crowd of young people in winter clothing, waiting for the train.
for A waits a man suit subway the in	A man in a suit waits for the subway
boy A running sand young Asian the on	A young Asian boy running on the sand
while players Two a play, other make football on. the team looks	Two football players make a play, while the other team looks on.
in a play Children spray. water	Children play in a water spray.
jumping woman trampoline. on Young	Young woman jumping on trampoline.
a wave. of a surfer does off The flip	The surfer does a flip off of a wave.
through dry riding bicycle Man a grass	Man riding a bicycle through dry grass
stoops his A down. back hind dog on legs another dog and sits	A dog sits back on his hind legs and another dog stoops down.
carrying large stick dog a in its large mouth. a	a large dog carrying a large stick in its mouth.
the cold snowstorm, people in wearing snowman a five head one	five cold people in the snowstorm, one wearing a snowman head
on A with brick a a tricks wall performing boy skateboard.	A boy performing tricks on a brick wall with a skateboard.
a paints mirror. A a Mohawk boy while her with holds her face woman	A woman paints her face while a boy with a Mohawk holds her mirror.
a A runs toy paved holding path. boy along football, a	A boy holding a toy football, runs along a paved path.
A by wave. ocean surfer splashed being is an	A surfer is being splashed by an ocean wave.
period, winter people clothing. Two wearing	Two people wearing period, winter clothing.
standing the of middle in woman is flowers. tall a field blonde of pink A	A blonde woman is standing in the middle of a field of tall pink flowers.
people of the group are water. A in	A group of people are in the water.
boy toward A a boy jumping ball makes another near. dive soccer with a	A boy makes a jumping dive toward another boy with a soccer ball near.
above Two dog. one is playing, air dogs jumping the dog the in second	Two dogs playing, one dog is jumping in the air above the second dog.
the people standing distance. a are A in railing something watching crowd behind of	A crowd of people are standing behind a railing watching something in the distance.
an in performer a wearing dancing the outfit exotic streets	a performer dancing in the streets wearing an exotic outfit
white is nearby. couch on with sitting a girl a The boy	The girl is sitting on a white couch with a boy nearby.
a next top hat mountain. A on wearing hiker monument a the brown is triangular standing of to a male	A male hiker wearing a brown hat is standing next to a triangular monument on the top of a mountain.
on dog chases ball a gray blue A grass. soccer the	A gray dog chases a blue soccer ball on the grass.
Three water. people diving into	Three people diving into water.
his back. to A on struggles carry girl a boy	A boy struggles to carry a girl on his back.
microphone. plays a A into singing little while boy toy a toy guitar	A little boy plays a toy guitar while singing into a toy microphone.
car of mountain the the rounds corner. fans it cheer racing blue as A group	A group of fans cheer the blue mountain racing car as it rounds the corner.
biting Black a Labrador dogs brown neck.	Black Labrador biting a brown dogs neck.
guy. in girl a suit A talking bathing the to	A girl in the bathing suit talking to a guy.
coat wearing a and at sitting hat, a table reading. an and A pants shirt man black outdoor white	A man wearing a black hat, coat and pants and a white shirt sitting at an outdoor table reading.
large with Group of square pigeons. of in open a people flock an	Group of people in an open square with a large flock of pigeons.
The into boy blue the pool. jumps	The boy jumps into the blue pool.
girls Two smile for the camera.	Two girls smile for the camera.
some rocks group with mommy a of along a walking ducks. duck baby	a mommy duck walking along some rocks with a group of baby ducks.
is approach waves girl on in small blue jumping her. the A as shore	A girl in blue is jumping on the shore as small waves approach her.
sidewalk. woman the black a in walks down	a woman in black walks down the sidewalk.
with is smiling pink woman A a holds she sweater a child. as	A woman with a pink sweater is smiling as she holds a child.
wearing Young shorts screen. boy a holding denim window	Young boy wearing denim shorts holding a window screen.
A through bumpy large muddy travels vehicle a and path.	A large vehicle travels through a bumpy and muddy path.
rowboat a sitting in A man	A man sitting in a rowboat
guy toboggan. with a scarf and woven A	A guy with a scarf and woven toboggan.
A the is in to jump air. dog woman her getting	A woman is getting her dog to jump in the air.
man paper The head his people. on balloons holds and wears	The man wears balloons on his head and holds paper people.
show tube. just Small orange flexible through ran an dog	Small show dog just ran through an orange flexible tube.
the are black the on shoreline. shorts Two sand in men in	Two men in black shorts are in the sand on the shoreline.
plants, through high on green woman and a it. A a bridge man	A bridge through high green plants, a man and a woman on it.
man tattooed music a making purchase a in a store. is	a tattooed man is making a purchase in a music store.
dogs beach. the running Several are on	Several dogs are running on the beach.
The is the man on stunt a the bicycle through doing air.	The man on the bicycle is doing a stunt through the air.
player kicking player toward on the ground. soaked the ball A soccer with another	A soccer player kicking toward the ball with another player on the soaked ground.
group teenagers street. the cross of to A wait	A group of teenagers wait to cross the street.
softball A takes strike. a playing girl	A girl playing softball takes a strike.
grassy Three children are walking through a yard. young	Three young children are walking through a grassy yard.
with streamer. colorful is playing A young boy a	A young boy is playing with a colorful streamer.
snow-covered rocks. on with arms outstretched Man standing	Man with outstretched arms standing on snow-covered rocks.
a some dog grey leash in on walking grass a	a grey dog walking on a leash in some grass
on bikinis playing Slightly in are overweight a beach. women	Slightly overweight women in bikinis are playing on a beach.
points women in and while a a one on them distance. street bride the of something at Four stand	Four women and a bride stand on a street while one of them points at something in the distance.
two dogs wrestle.	two dogs wrestle.
girl a on bouncing sheet. A colorful	A girl bouncing on a colorful sheet.
some are walking water. through people Two	Two people are walking through some water.
dog runs The the water. through	The dog runs through the water.
white mouth. and ball in low a jumping Brown tennis with his over a dog rail	Brown and white dog jumping over a low rail with a tennis ball in his mouth.
white and crouches in on dog the brown grass. legs three Black,	Black, brown and white dog crouches on three legs in the grass.
himself down The as he the braces kayaker goes river.	The kayaker braces himself as he goes down the river.
yellow a room. is air above A bed the with a in outfit lady the yellow in	A lady with a yellow outfit is in the air above the bed in a yellow room.
at ground and squat on a the the of Three kids shore lake. down look	Three kids squat down and look at the ground on the shore of a lake.
in A tree hits a shirt Axe. with man plaid an	A man in plaid shirt hits a tree with an Axe.
the object. to The catch out jumps dog snow an black of	The black dog jumps out of the snow to catch an object.
flip little boy flops. outside A wearing baseball playing	A little boy playing baseball outside wearing flip flops.
A is a birdcage standing beside man colorful large, birds. containing	A man is standing beside a large, colorful birdcage containing birds.
swimming ocean along in its A with dog a the mouth. bark	A dog swimming along the ocean with a bark in its mouth.
dog a competition. is A dark competing dog in show	A dark dog is competing in a dog show competition.
skateboard a man boy a in while a jumps suit on. looks A	A boy jumps a skateboard while a man in a suit looks on.
hurdle. a jumps A over collie	A collie jumps over a hurdle.
big flip are for bat him. that on area wearing boy pitch red the shirt, and for a flops A shorts, waiting blue too a outdoor holds white a tiled little	A little boy holds a bat waiting for the pitch on a tiled outdoor area wearing a red shirt, white shorts, and blue flip flops that are too big for him.
brown a ground jumping off dog woods in the the	a brown dog jumping off the ground in the woods
little A boy with guitar. small out rocks his	A little boy rocks out with his small guitar.
bubbles an play with adult as them. Little blows kids	Little kids play with bubbles as an adult blows them.
gymnast down in male midair. upside A	A male gymnast upside down in midair.
A up looks large dog he as swims.	A large dog looks up as he swims.
and black wearing walking sweater is collared shirt. boy young white The a jacket, a blue	The young boy is walking wearing a blue jacket, a black sweater and white collared shirt.
the dog comes steps. down The	The dog comes down the steps.
boys are baseball same the hats. all wearing The	The boys are all wearing the same baseball hats.
a retrieves A dog black bird.	A black dog retrieves a bird.
shot closeup three a camera. guys posing A for and girl of the	A closeup shot of three guys and a girl posing for the camera.
snowfield a the range. skier in mountain jumping near air over is A a	A skier is jumping in the air over a snowfield near a mountain range.
performing snowboarder mostly a A is dark. in stunt	A snowboarder is performing a stunt in mostly dark.
are locomotives cars drag train line. racing starting resembling leaving the Two	Two drag racing cars resembling train locomotives are leaving the starting line.
on a sitting A sidewalk. group of people	A group of people sitting on a sidewalk.
A across the puppy floor. beige walks	A beige puppy walks across the floor.
while at a A to for dog looks on stick another the holds man up catch a beach. dog	A man holds a stick up for a dog to catch while another dog looks on at the beach.
with man while a in on and a other each her purse crowd. woman shoulder kissing a standing A	A man and a woman with a purse on her shoulder kissing each other while standing in a crowd.
mountain. snowy treks hiker up the A	A hiker treks up the snowy mountain.
a A girl an boy arched near doorway. swings young	A girl swings a young boy near an arched doorway.
the dog a dog brown dry laying in black sees The grass.	The brown dog sees a black dog laying in the dry grass.
water. is only swimming girl her the head above The with	The girl is swimming with only her head above the water.
The water through running the are dogs	The dogs are running through the water
an is passes and a the a in whilst brown and to black behind. looking is white that dog drinking horse next dog at ball rider orange A lake,	A black dog is drinking next to a brown and white dog that is looking at an orange ball in the lake, whilst a horse and rider passes behind.
throwing boy large young a rock into of in a building. a pond front A	A young boy throwing a rock into a pond in front of a large building.
arena A whilst is in sports green behind in pink is girl boy girl in the a running red in background. a a running in	A girl in green is running behind a boy in red in a sports arena whilst a girl in pink is running in the background.
skiing the A is skier and snow down a shorts. black white shirt wearing	A skier is skiing down the snow wearing a white shirt and black shorts.
the with marching Oregon band. are percussionists	Oregon percussionists are marching with the band.
weilding chainsaw A log Gnome. a a a carves into man	A man weilding a chainsaw carves a log into a Gnome.
has over open. smaller stands dog large its dog mouth who a A	A large dog stands over a smaller dog who has its mouth open.
cloth. fight over a of Two piece dogs	Two dogs fight over a piece of cloth.
the jungle at climbs gym. A barefoot child	A barefoot child climbs at the jungle gym.
stands Small of plastic on bag. top puppy	Small puppy stands on top of plastic bag.
looking colorful amuseument Small a child at ride. children's	Small child looking at a colorful children's amuseument ride.
walking red yellow backpacks. are children a sidewalk and Two on wearing	Two children are walking on a sidewalk wearing yellow and red backpacks.
in car parking driving lot empty an White	White car driving in an empty parking lot
to A snow a catch dog in ball. leaps the	A dog leaps in the snow to catch a ball.
A boy playing in mud	A boy playing in mud
holding The player an basketball basketball. a orange uniform is wearing and	The basketball player is wearing an orange uniform and holding a basketball.
stick water retrieving large German from Shepherd	German Shepherd retrieving large stick from water
water. dog walks the The through	The dog walks through the water.
the beach. A a girl doing at bend back	A girl doing a back bend at the beach.
are of dirt. Two on a sitting boys little clump	Two little boys are sitting on a clump of dirt.
dress orange flowers. Young holding orange in girl	Young girl in orange dress holding orange flowers.
out a people, the window wig, with of a limo. wave rainbow Two one	Two people, one with a rainbow wig, wave out the window of a limo.
ball grass. dog on A is green black chasing a a	A black dog is chasing a ball on a green grass.
in bench. red black on sitting a A a shirt woman	A woman in a black shirt sitting on a red bench.
poses A utilities dark cooking environment. a menacingly person with in	A person with cooking utilities poses menacingly in a dark environment.
car a A station gas on fire. and	A gas station and a car on fire.
chasing white and A a the across is black dog grass. dog brown	A black dog is chasing a brown and white dog across the grass.
A lime green bug. VW	A lime green VW bug.
young holding drinks A smiling. and couple	A young couple holding drinks and smiling.
traveling deep skier snow. in A downhill	A skier traveling downhill in deep snow.
soccer kids game after running in their ball	kids running after soccer ball in their game
depicting float religious imagery. A	A float depicting religious imagery.
the over down the a A side repelling man is mountain ocean. of	A man is repelling down the side of a mountain over the ocean.
and red woman is violin a boe. holding haired A	A red haired woman is holding a violin and boe.
foot putting water fountain a woman into blonde Young her	Young blonde woman putting her foot into a water fountain
a A is waterway man into a while log dogs throwing two watch.	A man is throwing a log into a waterway while two dogs watch.
background. Two in children on ride, tree carnival a	Two children on a carnival ride, tree in background.
people gravel a of road near gather car. a group A on	A group of people gather on a gravel road near a car.
an with background. playing adult in the soccer Children	Children playing soccer with an adult in the background.
black the white running and small a on background the with beach dog in people several	a small black and white dog running on the beach with several people in the background
A boat into water. the an pulls woman inflatable	A woman pulls an inflatable boat into the water.
is landing. in of birds down body the while for one of standing a on coming Large water a edge middle the	Large birds standing on the edge of a body of water while one in the middle is coming down for a landing.
a dog a running field grassy A and white in black dog brown and	A black dog and a white and brown dog running in a grassy field
background. crowd in plaza A a the attentively buildings people with of stands in	A crowd of people stands attentively in a plaza with buildings in the background.
people grass. with on Three are something outside the	Three people are outside with something on the grass.
Smiling, crowd. brown-eyed a in couple	Smiling, brown-eyed couple in a crowd.
players two playing a on field soccer soccer	two soccer players playing soccer on a field
palm under sit trees. a bench Three on people	Three people sit on a bench under palm trees.
wall A himself playing against lot. parking tennis a man is large with in a	A man is playing tennis with himself against a large wall in a parking lot.
A is front holding a woman drink of in tent. white a	A woman is holding a drink in front of a white tent.
sits hill coutryside. A the a overlooking on man	A man sits on a hill overlooking the coutryside.
to costume wearing A a colorful crowd. person waves a	A person wearing a colorful costume waves to a crowd.
climbing without a Man is rock. a shirt	Man without a shirt is climbing a rock.
dog the grey in is licking A fallen forest. a colored tree	A grey colored dog is licking a fallen tree in the forest.
jumping boy A little front in of a fountain. is	A little boy is jumping in front of a fountain.
bowling the down lane ball about man throw to a a young red	a young man about to throw a red bowling ball down the lane
Five walking men down in tuxedos are steps.	Five men in tuxedos are walking down steps.
bush. lap flower girl small front a woman on in a A poses with her of	A woman poses with a small girl on her lap in front of a flower bush.
jumping suit. is in on large, a man brown A protective dog a	A large, brown dog is jumping on a man in a protective suit.
black in falling the off wetsuit water. Surfer his into board	Surfer in black wetsuit falling off his board into the water.
to ball. prepares football player A the throw	A football player prepares to throw the ball.
road rural race. a down Joggers in running a	Joggers running down a rural road in a race.
runs grass. and dog white A through black	A black and white dog runs through grass.
walk adults in dressed Young around casually a field.	Young adults dressed casually walk around in a field.
coat past bike rocks. wearing rides A snowy yellow person some a a	A person wearing a yellow coat rides a bike past some snowy rocks.
third beach. dog Two dogs the meet and check a out at	Two dogs meet and check out a third dog at the beach.
hang to dressed man as of a another pretending truck. on judge a Man top	Man dressed as a judge pretending to hang another man on top of a truck.
wearing hand. in fisherman A looks at a jumpsuit his waterproof something	A fisherman wearing a waterproof jumpsuit looks at something in his hand.
riding trail BMX protective A down gear. a muddy wearing biker	A BMX biker riding down a muddy trail wearing protective gear.
are white ball field a grassy containing a black a with goat soccer and a small playing also children in Two dog.	Two children are playing with a soccer ball in a grassy field also containing a white goat and a small black dog.
large in the with A air. of group raised hands people	A large group of people with hands raised in the air.
surfboard. shirt woman a is in a on yellow A white surfing	A woman in a yellow shirt is surfing on a white surfboard.
in front of building. a closeup brown dog a A of	A closeup of a brown dog in front of a building.
face mouth. Two around one her girls faces funny on her making and are smeared food has	Two girls are making funny faces and one has food smeared on her face around her mouth.
Two to a sitting blonde girls next statue are	Two blonde girls are sitting next to a statue
sitting a on people rock Two overlooking a forest.	Two people sitting on a rock overlooking a forest.
runs the ocean. The little boy into	The little boy runs into the ocean.
a skateboard another boy teenage on skateboard doing a while boy background. A in the rides trick	A teenage boy doing a skateboard trick while another boy rides on a skateboard in the background.
a sitting Two campfire. men are by	Two men are sitting by a campfire.
scarf on a wrapped head toy. A his plays with blue wooden a with toddler	A toddler with a blue scarf wrapped on his head plays with a wooden toy.
to field air much into ball. a A dog grassy over catch coyote a tennis looks like that the jumps a	A dog that looks much like a coyote jumps into the air over a grassy field to catch a tennis ball.
with a person face and red A bandanna dreadlocks hat red with by their covered a	A person with dreadlocks and a red hat with their face covered by a red bandanna
play toilet fight in having paper shreds. Kids	Kids having play fight in toilet paper shreds.
melted dressed black sidewalk a snow. a on in There with walking is man	There is a man dressed in black walking on a sidewalk with melted snow.
the throwing air. A person a on in is rope the grass	A person on the grass is throwing a rope in the air.
People balloons. watching hot air	People watching hot air balloons.
dog. Two other other, has his each biting mouth open one playing dogs brown the with	Two brown dogs playing with each other, one has his mouth open biting the other dog.
dog swimming swimming and are cat pool. a A a in	A dog and a cat are swimming in a swimming pool.
clothes A floral a with pattern cage. person wearing on trashcan leans a	A person wearing clothes with a floral pattern leans on a trashcan cage.
Two wrestling watching people are are other men while	Two men are wrestling while other people are watching
people men fountain while on grass front Two standing of sit in the other	Two men standing in front of fountain while other people sit on the grass
skier camera. looks a at the young	a young skier looks at the camera.
clapping. and Some hands raising are children their	Some children are raising their hands and clapping.
sandals. standing on ocean front Lady rock face a straw hat with and red head covering wearing the in of	Lady with straw hat covering face and head standing on a rock in front of the ocean wearing red sandals.
with nearby. rugby The onlookers players are ball the competing for	The rugby players are competing for the ball with onlookers nearby.
Asian are girls of group standing together. A	A group of Asian girls are standing together.
a front boy on playing barn. A swing in of green is a wooden	A boy is playing on a green swing in front of a wooden barn.
young the trees girl a down with sides a fields road with A walks on dirt white both of and road. dress	A young girl with a white dress walks down a dirt road with trees and fields on both sides of the road.
a A a course. rides through man bike	A man rides a bike through a course.
in ball mouth. catching its while a running dog A tennis is	A dog is running while catching a tennis ball in its mouth.
young and sits with flags. girl two American glasses A holds	A young girl with glasses sits and holds two American flags.
a in below child front of a and flags. wall brick on colored A is jumping trampoline	A child is jumping on a trampoline in front of a brick wall and below colored flags.
colored There balls. different many are	There are many different colored balls.
dog A dirt. in the digs	A dog digs in the dirt.
Trucks racing	Trucks racing
to A jumping in catch the dog air item. an is	A dog is jumping in the air to catch an item.
dressed feathered Two young a young red people bikini in a red a headress. and by approached woman flamboyant are	Two young people are approached by a flamboyant young woman dressed in a red bikini and a red feathered headress.
Two playing on dogs carpet.	Two dogs playing on carpet.
snow. mountains the facing in People	People facing mountains in the snow.
brown swimming is the in water. dog A	A brown dog is swimming in the water.
girl to shirt bun holds in a her striped a mouth. A	A girl in a striped shirt holds a bun to her mouth.
fall in mouth walking is with an dog toy black orange its in leaves. A	A black dog with an orange toy in its mouth is walking in fall leaves.
hand boy with in his store. standing writing A is on a	A boy with writing on his hand is standing in a store.
grass. two tan dogs The each green the other in greet	The two tan dogs greet each other in the green grass.
and countertop. look a small black black dog A white dog at and kitchen up	A black dog and small white and black dog look up at a kitchen countertop.
Five steps. are adults stone sitting on	Five adults are sitting on stone steps.
to across the A rock. hops girl rock river, from	A girl hops across the river, from rock to rock.
another. uniforms in Two one karate at their kick women	Two women in their karate uniforms kick at one another.
past skates a and pads the with photographer. A helmet safety gray woman black	A woman with a gray helmet and black safety pads skates past the photographer.
brown dog beige and A the snow. dog in	A beige dog and brown dog in the snow.
man ocean. in the A surfing	A man surfing in the ocean.
kicks the ball. A football player	A football player kicks the ball.
sits man on city head. blue his a blue with A over a blanket bench	A man sits on a blue city bench with a blue blanket over his head.
in white Two guitar. play bandmates	Two bandmates in white play guitar.
they children The as something have enjoy taken. funny their prepare photo to	The children enjoy something funny as they prepare to have their photo taken.
outside crowd A a subway waits to ready board. train,	A crowd waits outside a subway train, ready to board.
bike. shirtless his jumps A bmx man	A shirtless man jumps his bmx bike.
A near black and white markings with water fowl is water. gray flying	A gray water fowl with black and white markings is flying near water.
are dogs in something sniffing rocks. the Two	Two dogs are sniffing something in the rocks.
lake. the is The boy wakeboarding on	The boy is wakeboarding on the lake.
girl as stairway reach arms A a for climbs her. playground the of	A girl climbs the stairway of a playground as arms reach for her.
concrete skateboards a A boy ramp. up	A boy skateboards up a concrete ramp.
tennis ball. runs the player a for	a tennis player runs for the ball.
little A in down bubble is bath. a laying boy	A little boy is laying down in a bubble bath.
Kids of building. playing front outside in ball	Kids playing ball outside in front of building.
on a bike a a A white has leash. dog on person	A person on a bike has a white dog on a leash.
a is trick. rollerblades doing on man A	A man on rollerblades is doing a trick.
the way. other a jumping child on young bed A as looks man the	A young child jumping on the bed as a man looks the other way.
male, by with and stroller. being couple A by infant, sitting an held pond a to the next near a	A couple and an infant, being held by the male, sitting next to a pond with a near by stroller.
that says, me in a cowboy protester bro! a tax Dont " holds A " up gear sign	A protester in a cowboy gear holds up a sign that says, " Dont tax me bro! "
other Two each shallow black water. grass toward through dogs are chasing	Two black dogs are chasing each other through shallow grass toward water.
group ice A skating of people big are city. a in	A group of people are ice skating in a big city.
make graffiti. with in ramp red a A shirt a a jump on skateboard man	A man in a red shirt make a skateboard jump on a ramp with graffiti.
runs rocky along woman a A shore.	A woman runs along a rocky shore.
fenced with area animals. farm playing Two grassy children in a in	Two children playing in a fenced in grassy area with farm animals.
drink canned waterfall. a is with a man standing A under	A man with a canned drink is standing under a waterfall.
harness a toy its A a and mouth. with dog	A dog with a harness and a toy its mouth.
a cage next man standing bird A to	A man standing next to a bird cage
many in people the walk street.	many people walk in the street.
bites someone's A dog finger.	A dog bites someone's finger.
the at dog A beach. jumping	A dog jumping at the beach.
wearing wheelie does on black sandy terrain. a silver and a A motorcycle rider	A motorcycle rider wearing black and silver does a wheelie on a sandy terrain.
are and talking to Two the guys other in background. girls a two with bus each	Two girls and two guys are talking to each other with a bus in the background.
tan swimming water some in dog a	a tan dog swimming in some water
small black the in grass. is A dog	A small black dog is in the grass.
screen a on A window. a put boy tries to	A boy tries to put a screen on a window.
down is pedaling the man steps. the the tiny bike	the man is pedaling the tiny bike down the steps.
something Children happen. watching	Children watching something happen.
dogs Two stream. in a	Two dogs in a stream.
top the mountain. Two running at of people a are	Two people are running at the top of a mountain.
flowers. for couple and shopping A plants	A couple shopping for plants and flowers.
standing lying eyes A flops. someone and man down cloth him flip his a wearing over with maroon over	A man lying down with a maroon cloth over his eyes and someone standing over him wearing flip flops.
many smiling. yellow man jacket a A in wristbands with colorful is	A man in a yellow jacket with many colorful wristbands is smiling.
the German carries water. small in A Shephard a log	A German Shephard carries a small log in the water.
a giving haircut. Barber	Barber giving a haircut.
Three dogs playing are a field. in	Three dogs are playing in a field.
the prancing Black dog river. through	Black dog prancing through the river.
the swans shore. swimming near Two	Two swans swimming near the shore.
is walking. gear A man scuba in	A man in scuba gear is walking.
A some path mountains. hiker at walking of is the foot a along snowcapped	A hiker is walking along a path at the foot of some snowcapped mountains.
party. A bride groom and pose wedding with their	A bride and groom pose with their wedding party.
his in yellow with brown toy is the mouth dog a grassy off ground a jumping	a brown dog with a yellow toy in his mouth is jumping off the grassy ground
shirt and blue and a blue little in. is in is in swing that a the blue shirt boy little sitting pushing red jeans A boy a shorts	A little boy in a blue shirt and blue jeans is pushing the swing that a little boy in a red shirt and blue shorts is sitting in.
Three the a at four while boys phone. laptop look talks computer on a	Three boys look at a laptop computer while a four talks on the phone.
one green One blue water and slide.	One blue and one green water slide.
pile a biker dirt. a of over jumps	a biker jumps over a pile of dirt.
in dog white is standing pond. A a	A white dog is standing in a pond.
riding The the forest. through is a man bicycle	The man is riding a bicycle through the forest.
a raft wearing holding preserves water. life Children in an and and helmets, oar, on sit	Children wearing life preserves and helmets, and holding an oar, sit on a raft in water.
snow woods. the into tan A the on standing dog looking	A tan dog standing on the snow looking into the woods.
is white Pelican ocean. over flying A the	A white Pelican is flying over the ocean.
girls an arched walking along pathway. garden Three	Three girls walking along an arched garden pathway.
a winter. in couple during a A on city sidewalk kissing	A couple kissing on a sidewalk in a city during winter.
shoulders. little man's riding the is The girl on	The little girl is riding on the man's shoulders.
pink in a young swimsuit. A girl	A young girl in a pink swimsuit.
crowd display. stands watching small fireworks A a	A small crowd stands watching a fireworks display.
leaps A pool. into brown dog swimming a	A brown dog leaps into a swimming pool.
in small red A group and in of air are a it ocean. over boat people small the the is	A small group of people are in a small red boat and it is in the air over the ocean.
on Oklahoma players the football field. Sooner	Oklahoma Sooner football players on the field.
woman A road. walks country a down	A woman walks down a country road.
shirt. A skateboarder red a in	A skateboarder in a red shirt.
on blue in helmet man with skiing. a jacket a A	A man in a blue jacket with a helmet on skiing.
two of sides bus a stop on opposite men sitting	two men sitting on opposite sides of a bus stop
with drinking sweater in Boy purple girl from bottle a green watching.	Boy drinking from a green bottle with girl in purple sweater watching.
a plays under A bucket. a with girl young pier blue	A young girl plays under a pier with a blue bucket.
its with dog a toward in mouth. camera stick A runs the	A dog runs toward the camera with a stick in its mouth.
back looks while in another Young child blue on on. falls girl bed jeans blond	Young blond girl in blue jeans falls back on bed while another child looks on.
in A suit person motorcycle. specialized rides a a	A person in a specialized suit rides a motorcycle.
a is girl tunnel little down sliding A smiling.	A little girl is sliding down a tunnel smiling.
in dog over grassy Black climbs area fence	Black dog climbs over fence in grassy area
and a kitchen. are hamburgers making A woman boy in the	A woman and a boy are making hamburgers in the kitchen.
over and is black dog A hurdle. white jumping a	A black and white dog is jumping over a hurdle.
bird flies across water. the A	A bird flies across the water.
landscape. a An over ATV vaste sandy rides	An ATV rides over a vaste sandy landscape.
bike a the A woods. rounds in shirted on red rider a trail corner	A red shirted bike rider rounds a corner on a trail in the woods.
an soccer a wearing A costume player makes obscene gesture. red	A soccer player wearing a red costume makes an obscene gesture.
the bike man races his The hill. down	The man races his bike down the hill.
Person a snowboard. pants grey airborne wearing on	Person wearing grey pants airborne on a snowboard.
A grass. rolls dog in the	A dog rolls in the grass.
skinned one a darked on A in yellow front building. is of palm standing male	A darked skinned male is standing on one palm in front of a yellow building.
child A swing. and blue a shirt, orange sandals wearing an denim dark rides on shorts	A child wearing an orange shirt, dark blue denim shorts and sandals rides on a swing.
stand in of mountains. direction looking people some the Three	Three people stand looking in the direction of some mountains.
wearing green sitting A woman cigarettes. holding Eastern of on middle box is stone step a a	A middle Eastern woman wearing green is sitting on a stone step holding a box of cigarettes.
boy a covered the stands marker. A small wearing door near diaper is in and	A small boy wearing a diaper stands near the door and is covered in marker.
of another person reach a top helps rock Man the they are climbing.	Man helps another person reach the top of a rock they are climbing.
ball court. the basketball on in white player The is the the strip dribbling	The basketball player in the white strip is dribbling the ball on the court.
coffee walking onto man sidewalk the a wearing yellow carrying shirt a and	a man wearing a yellow shirt and carrying coffee walking onto the sidewalk
up lines young a a red wearing soccer A kick ball. uniform boy to	A young boy wearing a red uniform lines up to kick a soccer ball.
Arab signs. making costume and boy woman a in peace A	A boy and a woman in Arab costume making peace signs.
deep water a splashing A kids rock group is nearby in formation. of	A group of kids is splashing in deep water nearby a rock formation.
photo stands. an arena of the with people in very few A	A photo of an arena with very few people in the stands.
on A bench a a novel. reads man park	A man on a park bench reads a novel.
man rollerblading wall some A is a down beside steps.	A man is rollerblading down a wall beside some steps.
a white gloves. it with in match battle men out Two boxing	Two men battle it out in a boxing match with white gloves.
a dogs ball in with play Two a field.	Two dogs play with a ball in a field.
girl a A board the boogie holding at young beach	A young girl holding a boogie board at the beach
colorful hat the girl in for clothes posing and camera. A	A girl in colorful clothes and hat posing for the camera.
boy with playing the his little A as melts. dog in snow the is backyard	A little boy is playing with his dog in the backyard as the snow melts.
along A black walks rocky a beach. dog	A black dog walks along a rocky beach.
others a jog a sit on path. bench People park while on	People sit on a park bench while others jog on a path.
man his has a hat wearing in a chip red potato a mouth	a man wearing a red hat has a potato chip in his mouth
A performing show. at act dog is dog	A dog is performing act at dog show.
through dog, horses pull The the and rain. the holding people carriage, a	The horses pull the carriage, holding people and a dog, through the rain.
on a lies bench. table down A boy picnic little	A little boy lies down on a picnic table bench.
wall. visible in is There hole something the through the	There is something visible through the hole in the wall.
with wearing gray Boy playing a sweatshirt airplane. a toy	Boy wearing a gray sweatshirt playing with a toy airplane.
off. water in down dog that is shaking is A	A dog that is down in water is shaking off.
jeans A and shirt wearing a girls runs. pink	A girls wearing jeans and a pink shirt runs.
in running A a is his player the across hand. racquet tennis with court	A tennis player is running across the court with a racquet in his hand.
in A action. game little league	A little league game in action.
hold their up girls Two younger sister.	Two girls hold up their younger sister.
hold flags in People a crowded block.	People hold flags in a crowded block.
cement steps people sit of A in and the the woods smile. on group	A group of people sit on the cement steps in the woods and smile.
polo standing a A boy grass in in yellow tall	A boy in a yellow polo standing in tall grass
A and white man the to ocean. in woman next swimsuits and black and sunglasses are	A man and woman in black and white swimsuits and sunglasses are next to the ocean.
A dotted pants in and plays polka girl outside. pink a top	A girl in a polka dotted top and pink pants plays outside.
floating and are in swimming the People ocean.	People are swimming and floating in the ocean.
broom smiles holding Clown at people.	Clown holding broom smiles at people.
a together playing on beach. Two dogs	Two dogs playing together on a beach.
fast through are dry Two running dogs grass. thin tall	Two thin dogs are running fast through tall dry grass.
crowd in Teen foreround background faded girl in with out	Teen girl in foreround with crowd faded out in background
hides rocky in shore a dog A tall along the grasses	A dog hides in the tall grasses along a rocky shore
arms men from their their out Two bodies. holding	Two men holding their arms out from their bodies.
bags with a A and outside camera. sitting man	A man sitting outside with bags and a camera.
a the at in of with a hill boy a snowball blue is standing his in A hand. shirt foot	A boy in a blue shirt is standing at the foot of a hill with a snowball in his hand.
chips. a potato the top woman decorated A checks with trailer in out tank	A woman in a tank top checks out the trailer decorated with potato chips.
stream in dogs a playing	dogs playing in a stream
in are the standing Two summer. cliff on people a	Two people are standing on a cliff in the summer.
A is towel little a covered swimming a at girl pool. in	A little girl is covered in a towel at a swimming pool.
brown a A dog chasing black one.	A black dog chasing a brown one.
of A a pink young shirt close-up on with a grass. girl laying	A close-up of a young girl with a pink shirt laying on grass.
play outside. small Four dogs	Four small dogs play outside.
sniffing of fence brown A bull. a at brown dog the	A brown dog sniffing at the fence of a brown bull.
black with grass. playing Two dogs across object run orange	Two black dogs playing with orange object run across grass.
laying dog down on Two dogs its back. standing one and	Two dogs standing and one dog laying down on its back.
Mountain in biking a fall. forest early during the	Mountain biking in a forest during the early fall.
dressed kitchen. pink a african in in sparsely decorated two toddlers are playing	two african toddlers dressed in pink are playing in a sparsely decorated kitchen.
performs a building. on by a boy bicycle A one-handed rundown trick his	A boy performs a one-handed trick on his bicycle by a rundown building.
young women Two walking.	Two young women walking.
the to a bring players team Three opponent ground.	Three players bring a team opponent to the ground.
man bicycle a a staircase. A down riding is	A man is riding a bicycle down a staircase.
lips her pink hair in a pursing chocolate with A milkshake. young dressed a girl barrette at big	A young girl dressed in pink with a hair barrette pursing her lips at a big chocolate milkshake.
is covered whilst mouth a a snow ball in A field. dog brown its in catching playing	A brown dog is catching a ball in its mouth whilst playing in a snow covered field.
race. jumping a Horses hurdle in a	Horses jumping a hurdle in a race.
a standing is rope attached on overlooking to mountain of waist man his A harness water. with and top a	A man with a harness and rope attached to his waist is standing on top of a mountain overlooking water.
boy in shirt a blue A blows bubbles.	A boy in a blue shirt blows bubbles.
in headed mallard flapping water. wings green duck A the its	A green headed mallard duck flapping its wings in the water.
its mouth. dog pink water a toy A holding in in the runs black	A black dog runs in the water holding a pink toy in its mouth.
runs through dalmatian A woods. the	A dalmatian runs through the woods.
air. snowboarding the white in winter clothes is through Someone	Someone in white winter clothes is snowboarding through the air.
to bending drink trying brown is of from dog a water. down A jet	A brown dog is bending down trying to drink from a jet of water.
boy healthy, climbs leaves. young green a red with Croc tree wearing sandals A	A young boy wearing red Croc sandals climbs a tree with healthy, green leaves.
wetsuit surfboard. a a man A on in	A man in a wetsuit on a surfboard.
a girl a coaster boy and riding roller	a boy and girl riding a roller coaster
in A boy blue slide a shorts slides pool. into down a	A boy in blue shorts slides down a slide into a pool.
person drinking. overweight An	An overweight person drinking.
spigot. A out a of drinking water dog	A dog drinking out of a water spigot.
watching the people water twilight. at cots Two on	Two people on cots watching the water at twilight.
dog red collar trampoline on with a a	dog with a red collar on a trampoline
is in driving muddy motorcyclist pit. A a	A motorcyclist is driving in a muddy pit.
of water. posing body in three young These boys a are	These three young boys are posing in a body of water.
A grass red the shirt in is child with a running young	A young child with a red shirt is running in the grass
victory. motorcycle racer his in A arm raises professional	A professional motorcycle racer raises his arm in victory.
train about young rides. A a a train on reads book girl	A young girl on a train reads a book about train rides.
costume camera. hair girls with Two their flowers a pose in purple in dressed the for strike	Two girls dressed in costume with purple flowers in their hair strike a pose for the camera.
his is his yard. watching A in dog man	A man is watching his dog in his yard.
dancing costumes gold Children flamboyant a white, in parade. in and red,	Children in flamboyant red, white, and gold costumes dancing in a parade.
brown wearing dog collar. black The a is	The brown dog is wearing a black collar.
long-haired garden. in dog brown	brown long-haired dog in garden.
and groom are bridesmaids red center three in of the and to the groomsmen the with A bride to this dresses right. picture, left	A bride and groom are the center of this picture, with three bridesmaids in red dresses to the left and groomsmen to the right.
does her dog park. at the girl Frisbee baseball tricks with freestyle The	The girl does freestyle Frisbee tricks with her dog at the baseball park.
and are men woman. four one There	There are four men and one woman.
populated library. student is A asleep a at	A student is asleep at a populated library.
in dressed up green Three women and shamrocks.	Three women dressed up in green and shamrocks.
boy ball, a a preparing uniform. kick to blue wearing A	A boy preparing to kick a ball, wearing a blue uniform.
it. that A wall a pictures is posing front on has brick man in of framed	A man is posing in front of a brick wall that has framed pictures on it.
play and Two kids young run.	Two young kids play and run.
playing a ball. with dogs two	two dogs playing with a ball.
down paddlers Two stream. a a canoe tree-lined propel	Two paddlers propel a canoe down a tree-lined stream.
white A dumpster. a shirt next man restaraunt in a smokes to	A man in a white restaraunt shirt smokes next to a dumpster.
dog snow. a pulls black red A sled in the	A black dog pulls a red sled in the snow.
to as person climb. rocky cliff hangs try from a A they	A person hangs from a rocky cliff as they try to climb.
talking. Two each girls walking next and other to	Two girls walking next to each other and talking.
water. four kayakers through the paddle	four kayakers paddle through the water.
squirted paddling into pool. being with it A dog a as hose a jumps is	A dog is being squirted with a hose as it jumps into a paddling pool.
a to fisherman new spot. paddles The his in	The fisherman paddles in his to a new spot.
white A emerges course. from an on tube dog a yellow obstacle	A white dog emerges from a yellow tube on an obstacle course.
in the with snow in An adult hikes a the mountain background.	An adult hikes in the snow with a mountain in the background.
door Man hat, next sitting building. of a and black with the pants to coat,	Man with black hat, coat, and pants sitting next to the door of a building.
dog, and the are and in black dog A dog a grass. black orange white an	A black and white dog, a black dog and an orange dog are in the grass.
dirt racer bike	dirt bike racer
is on with a collar field. a walked A dog red	A dog with a red collar is walked on a field.
and bounce blue green a house. Children playing in	Children playing in a green and blue bounce house.
while same tug gear. item training the Two wearing dogs at	Two dogs tug at the same item while wearing training gear.
cliff, ocean. on a man A watching sits young the	A young man sits on a cliff, watching the ocean.
shady girl on poses driveway. A a	A girl poses on a shady driveway.
a works she A a maintain fingerhold climbs face. hard as rock woman to	A woman works hard to maintain a fingerhold as she climbs a rock face.
golden lake. a A lying traveling on haired dog a is boat in is that	A golden haired dog is lying in a boat that is traveling on a lake.
at with a is tricks performing park. A a skateboard skate young boy	A young boy is performing tricks with a skateboard at a skate park.
girls camels on Two	Two girls on camels
a a day. is cold on couple sharing kiss sunny A	A couple is sharing a kiss on a cold sunny day.
surrounding with performs a him. on pristine a A snowboarder trick snowscapes ledge,	A snowboarder performs a trick on a ledge, with pristine snowscapes surrounding him.
on. A with young incredible posing hulk boy is gloves	A young boy is posing with incredible hulk gloves on.
climbing at a child rock playground. a young A wall	A young child climbing a rock wall at a playground.
playing football. Men	Men playing football.
wearing the through shirt tan dog runs grass. a red A	A tan dog wearing a red shirt runs through the grass.
sits railing black A a a the in woman jeans of on harbor background. the bridge in with	A woman in black jeans sits on the railing of a bridge with a harbor in the background.
blue playing teams Girls versus pink soccer uniforms. in	Girls playing soccer in pink versus blue teams uniforms.
bike ramp. a rider on A	A bike rider on a ramp.
a is jumping over dog A hurdle.	A dog is jumping over a hurdle.
a rock in The large in the a shirt area. blue climbs wooded man	The man in the blue shirt climbs a large rock in a wooded area.
on wearing walk the Men hats street.	Men wearing hats walk on the street.
with through a grassy a tan trees in running background the dog field	a tan dog running through a grassy field with trees in the background
the house. an playing are Three on little floor boys unfinished of	Three little boys are playing on the floor of an unfinished house.
singer A performing. and guitarist	A singer and guitarist performing.
their eat The outside. couple meal	The couple eat their meal outside.
are neighborhood boys game playing a on The soccer street. of their	The boys are playing a game of soccer on their neighborhood street.
Man false and wearing and eyebrows woman noses.	Man and woman wearing false eyebrows and noses.
sprinking confetti on head she brunette girl A woman's as smiles. little brunette a	A little brunette girl sprinking confetti on a brunette woman's head as she smiles.
grass. black, wet dogs on running Two	Two black, wet dogs running on grass.
wooded a a bike through trail. rides man A	A man rides a bike through a wooded trail.
Three string. play kids with silly	Three kids play with silly string.
sniffing under another dog lying Dog furniture.	Dog sniffing another dog lying under furniture.
red-dressed bridesmaids. and up a are suits next Men bride her in to lined	Men in suits are lined up next to a bride and her red-dressed bridesmaids.
a area dog A playing is flowers. yellow near grassy in	A yellow dog is playing in a grassy area near flowers.
black The smiles girl in pink swing. she rides a as on	The girl in pink smiles as she rides on a black swing.
in park. playing Two long men are clothing Frisbee a in sleeved	Two men in long sleeved clothing are playing Frisbee in a park.
runs on in A a track. shorts man red	A man in red shorts runs on a track.
sidewalk. a dogs Three on	Three dogs on a sidewalk.
gear the dog. is wearing man safety The while is black he training	The man is wearing safety gear while he is training the black dog.
road. down a blue A and tank an top is jogging in asphalt woman shorts	A woman in a blue tank top and shorts is jogging down an asphalt road.
running and in mud, dog person the A jumping behind walking a it. with	A dog running and jumping in the mud, with a person walking behind it.
little in boots a jumps rain girl her in A puddle.	A little girl in her rain boots jumps in a puddle.
A man scuba underwater. diving	A man scuba diving underwater.
a to big next nose. girl statue posing with big a A	A girl posing next to a big statue with a big nose.
plays onstage A the trumpet man	A man plays the trumpet onstage
pink umbrellas spelling protesters IMPEACH. curb, with on War out	War protesters on curb, with pink umbrellas spelling out IMPEACH.
a graffited walking red past a scene wall classic two men car of	two men walking past a graffited wall scene of a red classic car
straining dogs other. on owners while other each toward Two each walk from leashes their away	Two dogs on leashes straining toward each other while their owners walk away from each other.
the on grass. green chases dog One another	One dog chases another on the green grass.
dog a grass in mouth. tennis running ball with large on his A	A large dog running on grass with a tennis ball in his mouth.
snow small A shovel. shoveling orange is with an child	A small child is shoveling snow with an orange shovel.
burning a sticks while three standing Man playground. near holds	Man holds three burning sticks while standing near a playground.
hill. bike red down in A snowy the rides through trees rider a	A bike rider in red rides through the trees down a snowy hill.
child down slide. going the The enjoys	The child enjoys going down the slide.
soccer men a game playing five in	five men playing in a soccer game
child of pile a playing snow a in watches. while an An adult on street	An child playing in a pile of snow on a street while an adult watches.
an a sitting dog table and at outdoor woman cafe her	a woman and her dog sitting at an outdoor cafe table
girl wearing A scarf is jacket playing beach. and a on the	A girl wearing a jacket and scarf is playing on the beach.
speaking. women which is one matching A of group of in uniforms,	A group of women in matching uniforms, one of which is speaking.
the inverted an does rider on red BMX The trick. bike	The rider on the red BMX bike does an inverted trick.
surf. in plays bathing A the on suit girl a	A girl in a bathing suit plays on the surf.
girl woman watches in urban A fountain. an a play	A woman watches a girl play in an urban fountain.
dog a dog. another chases	a dog chases another dog.
Two opposing ball field chasing male hockey. the are players in	Two opposing male players are chasing the ball in field hockey.
The in being up air. enjoys tossed baby the	The baby enjoys being tossed up in the air.
into wearing pool. black jumping suit arms a child while of woman in is a the A swimming a young	A young child is jumping into the arms of a woman wearing a black swimming suit while in a pool.
umbrella. with a an kids taking Two are bath	Two kids are taking a bath with an umbrella.
jackets red red standing street people a Two corner. in with sashes on	Two people in red jackets with red sashes standing on a street corner.
sit of people The a rocks. pile on four	The four people sit on a pile of rocks.
brother little holds older the A his head baby of	A little baby holds the head of his older brother
and A shakes contorted. gets dog water off	A dog shakes off water and gets contorted.
is of riding a on road the along man country A bike side a	A man on a bike is riding along the side of a country road
kid a his older An boy around younger a sequoia with tree. under arm	An older boy with his arm around a younger kid under a sequoia tree.
bag large young an with at is gallery. The the looking art white in pictures woman	The young woman with the large white bag is looking at pictures in an art gallery.
play dogs Three outside.	Three dogs play outside.
with a yellow his in A out walks boy ocean. of surfboard the shirt	A boy in a yellow shirt walks with his surfboard out of the ocean.
scene clothing. and crowd with people native in A white yellow	A crowd scene with people in yellow and white native clothing.
a a performing a over jump railing. white cyclist is	a cyclist is performing a jump over a white railing.
trying mouth. catch dog through its in water to A ice is splashing	A dog is splashing through water trying to catch ice in its mouth.
woman swims child holds to a while while a raft black on him blue a dog on nearby. floating A	A child floating on a blue raft while a woman holds on to him while a black dog swims nearby.
A dog bite green jumps grey a leash. to	A grey dog jumps to bite a green leash.
people are wearing of A ears. group bunny	A group of people are wearing bunny ears.
play Two snow. in the dogs	Two dogs play in the snow.
a takes on another sits while younger boy a a girl picture. bike A decorated girl with	A girl sits on a decorated bike with a younger boy while another girl takes a picture.
her Girl shirt over walks face she wears as in public. mask plaid a in	Girl in plaid shirt wears a mask over her face as she walks in public.
man shoulder little on is the sitting cap. of a black A wearing girl a	A little girl is sitting on the shoulder of a man wearing a black cap.
Two park. rock a on a city in sitting people	Two people sitting on a rock in a city park.
A an bull from dog runs aggressive behind him.	A bull runs from an aggressive dog behind him.
earrings hat. a person feathered wearing The wearing is	The person wearing earrings is wearing a feathered hat.
at smiling camera. women the The are two	The two women are smiling at the camera.
long through dog a the grass. runs	a dog runs through the long grass.
on in the yellow beach. A its a carries ball mouth dog	A yellow dog carries a ball in its mouth on the beach.
his out sticks an A shower. in man tongue outdoor	A man sticks his tongue out in an outdoor shower.
brick a path wearing building. on hats standing are men Two beside the	Two men wearing hats are standing on the path beside a brick building.
People of in tent near a bottom the stairs. shelter	People in a tent shelter near the bottom of stairs.
goal for keeper are the scrambling the around ball. reaches as Footballers the goal	Footballers are scrambling around the goal as the goal keeper reaches for the ball.
yellow pink a little stands A in girl hallway. in	A little girl in pink stands in a yellow hallway.
on the by sits woman alone beach. A rocks a	A woman sits alone on the rocks by a beach.
near some pass water. each Two dogs other	Two dogs pass each other near some water.
running bull. from A black is away a guy	A guy is running away from a black bull.
a young in dressed people a in all five of black group dimlight room	a group of five young people all dressed in black in a dimlight room
area person rocky is a This climbing outdoors.	This person is climbing a rocky area outdoors.
in dog a standing black holding is field in his bird a A mouth.	A black dog standing in a field is holding a bird in his mouth.
bank. muddy runs a through black dog A	A black dog runs through a muddy bank.
a cliff. on people sitting Three	Three people sitting on a cliff.
baby fountain. sticking at his water while spraying looking out tonge A a	A baby sticking out his tonge while looking at a spraying water fountain.
boy The little wearing white is shorts.	The little boy is wearing white shorts.
the from A black dog wet water. emerges	A wet black dog emerges from the water.
a A boy the young rock a in throws swimsuit water. into	A young boy in a swimsuit throws a rock into the water.
by water. sits at looking dock a A man the	A man sits by a dock looking at the water.
running Frisbee in field. Animal after	Animal running after Frisbee in field.
holding on with girl hair jaw. A is its sitting red crocodile a	A girl with red hair is sitting on a crocodile holding its jaw.
sand. in image brushes the Man	Man brushes image in the sand.
bottom young slide. at A smiles the boy of the	A young boy smiles at the bottom of the slide.
in a jumps ball dog tennis an A red catches mouth. its	A red dog jumps an catches a tennis ball in its mouth.
a and dogs. surrounded ball two other catching is by in dog A jumping small, blue a park	A dog is jumping and catching a small, blue ball in a park surrounded by two other dogs.
umbrella coat A trench white past a parking with walks hair, meter. a man long and an	A man with white hair, a long trench coat and an umbrella walks past a parking meter.
snow. A small the dog in sweater a walking wearing	A small dog wearing a sweater walking in the snow.
playing standing Two green are with beam while a boys rope. a on balance	Two boys are standing on a balance beam while playing with a green rope.
grass. running the green Two dogs in look-alike	Two look-alike dogs running in the green grass.
a stand children on or near fence. Three	Three children stand on or near a fence.
toward Two other. dogs each run	Two dogs run toward each other.
game sitting Two girls little with candy. pavement on playing are a	Two little girls are sitting on pavement playing a game with candy.
snow. running the through dog is a white	a white dog is running through the snow.
the in back. and a town mountain green A	A town and a green mountain in the back.
man take away dog. stick a to brown a from tries A	A man tries to take a stick away from a brown dog.
is for posing gun picture five a holding a one kids	five kids posing for a picture one is holding a gun
its with mouth. rope black in A poodle toy a	A black poodle with a rope toy in its mouth.
his a playing A hand toy dog. with his a on in man beach with	A man with a toy in his hand on a beach playing with his dog.
dogs are on Two while the edge of water a shaking off playing ball of body a with water.	Two dogs are shaking off water while playing with a ball on the edge of a body of water.
in his A way a makes mud race around dog's dig curve. he as feet the	A race dog's feet dig in the mud as he makes his way around a curve.
hair woman standing red street. bright on A with the	A woman with bright red hair standing on the street.
the to gives A hood her arms. peace a man woman claps her raises her and wearing next two behind up the while signs woman	A woman wearing a hood gives two peace signs while the man next to her claps and the woman behind her raises up her arms.
brown through A is dog jumping a field.	A brown dog is jumping through a field.
kickflip performing over stairs. A skateboarder a short	A skateboarder performing a kickflip over short stairs.
the jumping wearing in blue The and girl is shirt a air.	The girl is wearing a blue shirt and jumping in the air.
man event embracing pink in at costume, Blond young	Blond embracing young man in pink costume, at event
in a snow. jumping ball black playing Two are the and tennis yellow dogs with	Two black dogs are jumping and playing with a yellow tennis ball in the snow.
on at rubble. A dog platform looking a down stands cement	A dog stands on a cement platform looking down at rubble.
the A of little looking in a side boy is a out vest boat. life	A little boy in a life vest is looking out the side of a boat.
a shirts There marathon. people running are of hundreds with red	There are hundreds of people with red shirts running a marathon.
raise kids Little together and air. in the their hands stand	Little kids stand together and raise their hands in the air.
ride racers along racetrack. a Two motorcycle	Two motorcycle racers ride along a racetrack.
running Two together. white are dogs	Two white dogs are running together.
looking mountain a while black climbing sunny clear on funny wear men Two suits day. a	Two men wear funny looking black suits while climbing a mountain on a clear sunny day.
with A water. black and a brown white in the dog a playing and dog are stick	A black dog and a brown and white dog are playing with a stick in the water.
sign. humorous money man homeless using begging for	homeless man begging for money using humorous sign.
woman wall while to against the next her. camera A leans operates a	A woman leans against the wall while a camera operates next to her.
a who her table. girl a A on of friend is picture takes leaning picnic	A girl takes a picture of her friend who is leaning on a picnic table.
playing a ouside dog	a dog playing ouside
wearing glasses stands in snowy a A of man front mountain.	A man wearing glasses stands in front of a snowy mountain.
around biker is One another is with their running bike them. riding while	One biker is running with their bike while another is riding around them.
is throw softball. to a up girl A winding	A girl is winding up to throw a softball.
a sandals brown head past with a in shave and A walking a skirt stone building woman young ,	A young woman with a shave head in a brown skirt and sandals walking past a stone building ,
down slide slide. a children two	two children slide down a slide.
by playing truck. child The is the croquette	The child is playing croquette by the truck.
guy A air some gettin a skateboard on	A guy gettin some air on a skateboard
big wetsuit a man is A wearing a through wakeboarding blue wave.	A man wearing a blue wetsuit is wakeboarding through a big wave.
rough play brown Two on grass. dogs green	Two brown dogs play rough on green grass.
in field. grassy A is of a large sitting puddle group in boys mud a	A group of boys is sitting in a large mud puddle in a grassy field.
on standing an are up. moving escalator People	People are standing on an escalator moving up.
is path. a dirt A dog running down	A dog is running down a dirt path.
smile and their Two blankets. from boys of tent makeshift towels within	Two boys smile from within their makeshift tent of towels and blankets.
young to A rests woman some next luggage. blond	A young blond woman rests next to some luggage.
an dog ground ball, black leaves. carries covered A the on walking orange in	A black dog carries an orange ball, walking on the ground covered in leaves.
shepherd the biting trainer. A German arm an of attack protected	A German shepherd biting the protected arm of an attack trainer.
Young in boys swim wading caps. blue	Young boys wading in blue swim caps.
toys it. cat sit and by A with a table on dog	A dog and cat sit by a table with toys on it.
foreground. with dress walks woman on white the in A water a a the in boots white toward beach	A woman in a white dress walks toward the water on a beach with white boots in the foreground.
dog a in white A creek.	A white dog in a creek.
drums. is playing The boy	The boy is playing drums.
sits next as A in Santa and a to mask tree. a glasses suit they a man wearing also Christmas in woman mask wine next to hold	A woman in mask sits next to a man wearing a Santa suit and also in mask as they hold wine glasses next to a Christmas tree.
running racquet A on tennis a court. child tennis holding a	A child holding a tennis racquet running on a tennis court.
lake. the fishermen peacefully sits boat with on A two	A boat with two fishermen sits peacefully on the lake.
of on fame. Hollywood People walk the standing are	People are standing on the Hollywood walk of fame.
rain. the in at night Race cars	Race cars at night in the rain.
racing his motorcycle. guy A	A guy racing his motorcycle.
A another. snowboarder into crashes	A snowboarder crashes into another.
dogs run across Two white field. and black a green	Two black and white dogs run across a green field.
on A standing traffic street young the a watching boy	A young boy standing on a street watching the traffic
in skateboard tricks graffiti. teenage much an with area his A does boy on	A teenage boy does tricks on his skateboard in an area with much graffiti.
eating fruit a girl a chocolate. next cap blue in a eats A is who a slice to cap white girl in of	A girl in a white cap eats a slice of fruit next to a girl in a blue cap who is eating chocolate.
head covering woman A wearing a holding an infant	A woman wearing a head covering holding an infant
catch are the air football. into men to jumping the Two	Two men are jumping into the air to catch the football.
picnic lays on A table bench. a boy	A boy lays on a picnic table bench.
in pitcher of ball. midpitch red A white baseball caught the uniform wearing a and	A baseball pitcher wearing a white and red uniform caught in midpitch of the ball.
Child bluejeans with a purple shirt brown horse. and is atop	Child with purple shirt and bluejeans is atop a brown horse.
reading a stand waiting for subway. papers while People	People stand reading papers while waiting for a subway.
white child A with walks lake a nearby. large along a young tent	A young child walks along a lake with a large white tent nearby.
bite a dog A and dog haired wearing to curly orange collar. green another tries	A curly haired dog tries to bite another dog wearing a green and orange collar.
blue Two dachshunds ball. grass with in a the run	Two dachshunds run in the grass with a blue ball.
into out paddle little a the A with boy walks sand.	A little boy walks with a paddle out into the sand.
hike in men snow. three the	three men hike in the snow.
motion quarters. A black in a close animal white and animal in	A black animal and a white animal in motion in close quarters.
pose man a for camera. the women Two and	Two women and a man pose for the camera.
little is cellphone holding her up girl a to A ear.	A little girl is holding a cellphone up to her ear.
sheer a scaling climbers cliff. rock Two	Two rock climbers scaling a sheer cliff.
runs water. dog black the A through	A black dog runs through the water.
Three and on bench children well-dressed a sitting smiling. are	Three well-dressed children are sitting on a bench and smiling.
jean black and gal sunglasses The wearing jacket the is smiling. blue	The gal wearing the black sunglasses and blue jean jacket is smiling.
dog A and blue black a rests couch. brown on	A black and brown dog rests on a blue couch.
players top of other. A football each on bunch of	A bunch of football players on top of each other.
boy at target. a a is and aiming arrow a bow	a boy is aiming a bow and arrow at a target.
young girl A climbing wall. a rock	A young girl climbing a rock wall.
jump and fence. rider horse over a a	a horse and rider jump over a fence.
is attempt and ball. dog up in catch a brown an white to jumping The	The brown and white dog is jumping up in an attempt to catch a ball.
blue man green his in smiles kayak. A and	A man smiles in his blue and green kayak.
man A woman and couch. a on pose	A man and woman pose on a couch.
dirt on A a dune. biker sand	A dirt biker on a sand dune.
with Three the Greenpeace a people wearing sign hanging blindfolds in background.	Three people wearing blindfolds with a Greenpeace sign hanging in the background.
is casting and A man into the on ocean line rocks some standing a fishing	A man is standing on some rocks and casting a fishing line into the ocean
trunks. A swimming in boy	A boy in swimming trunks.
worn the peace The on bright a the back. by orange man T-shirt has symbol	The T-shirt worn by the man has a bright orange peace symbol on the back.
ball. an attempt to on football Players the scuffle get a in team	Players on a football team scuffle in an attempt to get the ball.
A in of distorted a forest guy motorbike a picture a on	A distorted picture of a guy on a motorbike in a forest
a dancing in on group beach a of truck a of people front	a group of people dancing on a beach in front of a truck
is Santa in carriage parade. a a in pulled	Santa is pulled in a carriage in a parade.
on on man a in a a man A bicycle crosswalk. foot and	A man on a bicycle and a man on foot in a crosswalk.
around camera. women other into each their arms smile with Two the	Two women with their arms around each other smile into the camera.
is A skateboarder a on brick wall. balancing	A skateboarder is balancing on a brick wall.
a Two to adults and a child street. cross wait	Two adults and a child wait to cross a street.
holding are Two rope. on a and balancing a kids log	Two kids are balancing on a log and holding a rope.
in Europe. crowded street A	A crowded street in Europe.
machine. front an in man machine the while man another uses ATM of sits A	A man sits in front of an ATM machine while another man uses the machine.
dog is A black in and the brown small snow. standing	A small black and brown dog is standing in the snow.
of city a a in stick mouth large in his front swims dog A holding skyline.	A dog swims holding a large stick in his mouth in front of a city skyline.
through run pool. in Two sprinkler a a girls	Two girls run through a sprinkler in a pool.
race roadway edge of along Two the cyclists a	Two cyclists race along the edge of a roadway
running open White mouth in snow. dog the with	White dog with mouth open running in the snow.
A is and dog white running. brown	A brown and white dog is running.
A a in nearby a sidewalk store littered of street. gathered are of group on front people a	A group of people are gathered on a sidewalk in front of a store nearby a littered street.
water next sitting woman sits shallow with bikini in man her. a a to A in	A woman in a bikini sits in shallow water with a man sitting next to her.
blanket a on while book. sharing lawn a Two on the women sitting	Two women sitting on a blanket on the lawn while sharing a book.
move guy making a slope. a A on snowboarding	A guy making a snowboarding move on a slope.
is waiting dressed crosswalk. in A man black at a	A man dressed in black is waiting at a crosswalk.
a makes child ball snow. A out of	A child makes a ball out of snow.
ball hits baseball game. A a at boy the	A boy hits the ball at a baseball game.
carrying child a on a A rocky man small beach. and walking a woman	A woman and a man carrying a small child walking on a rocky beach.
surrounded a grass man A by on American tries flags. football catch to	A man tries to catch a football on grass surrounded by American flags.
a blue A makeup dress a in young girl mirror. applies in	A young girl in a blue dress applies makeup in a mirror.
The and black white an over dog jumps obstacle.	The black and white dog jumps over an obstacle.
child small with A plays batman a car toy	A small child plays with a batman toy car
individuals use Two photo a kiosk	Two individuals use a photo kiosk
is a standing man women. white suit with A two in	A man in a white suit is standing with two women.
and runner the a jersey red man number wearing applauding A black a is in 281.	A man in black is applauding a runner wearing a red jersey and the number 281.
playing a water dog in the	a dog playing in the water
black into a a jumps pier lake. off dog A	A black dog jumps off a pier into a lake.
at a sand in Two boys playing the are playground.	Two boys are playing in the sand at a playground.
is shirt his wearing A green ramp. bicycle man off a a jumping	A man wearing a green shirt is jumping his bicycle off a ramp.
furry brown are fighting in white Two snow. the deep dogs	Two furry brown dogs are fighting in the deep white snow.
sitting A black and dog. is on man a brown	A man is sitting on a black and brown dog.
people one shoveling. Several with house, of front front pile in a a of person of in standing snow	Several people standing in front of a pile of snow in front of a house, with one person shoveling.
beside on dog grass dog white running running pavement is A tan a with on it.	A tan dog is running on pavement with a white dog running on grass beside it.
play a beneath metal children Two statue.	Two children play beneath a metal statue.
brown in running dirt. boy wearing A	A boy wearing brown running in dirt.
yellow outside standing a man A is building.	A man is standing outside a yellow building.
is with many crowd A flags. large standing American	A large crowd is standing with many American flags.
fencers are in a bout gym. Two a in white	Two fencers are in a bout in a white gym.
red in dancers pants. and Street blue	Street dancers in blue and red pants.
air. two blue a opened the its with legs mouth A on dog in ball toward	A dog on two legs with its mouth opened toward a blue ball in the air.
basketball game. are a during the players Several grabbing for ball	Several basketball players are grabbing for the ball during a game.
wearing boy eats A big cream cone. watch a ice young an	A young boy wearing a big watch eats an ice cream cone.
A football field. a football coach is on walking	A football coach is walking on a football field.
black is dog his midjump mouth. white in A Frisbee and has and a	A black and white dog is midjump and has a Frisbee in his mouth.
drives basketball the basket. to SMU The player	The SMU basketball player drives to the basket.
dog chasing is black white a A ping and Frisbee.	A black and white dog is chasing a ping Frisbee.
field at dusk. Children a in	Children in a field at dusk.
in grey Child sweatshirt hanging bar metal from	Child in grey sweatshirt hanging from metal bar
on grass. outside A dog the water drinks	A dog drinks water outside on the grass.
bonfire are at People night. around a clustered	People are clustered around a bonfire at night.
skier The hill the day. on beautiful down moves a	The skier moves down the hill on a beautiful day.
red off bandanna bulldog a with shakes water. A	A bulldog with a red bandanna shakes off water.
umbrella a and an bicycle. couple with A outside stands	A couple stands outside with an umbrella and a bicycle.
are and barking dogs other. at Two running each	Two dogs are running and barking at each other.
flying. is falling as his of man A paddles out his kayak go	A man is falling out of his kayak as his paddles go flying.
and baby star. in garment flag white crescent moon a A a with holds	A baby in a white garment holds a flag with crescent moon and star.
mouth carries while walking in something A through dog his snow. brown	A brown dog carries something in his mouth while walking through snow.
girl helmet A riding skateboard a young a sidewalk. a down in	A young girl in a helmet riding a skateboard down a sidewalk.
lays chewing on dog stick. white A green grass while on a	A white dog lays on green grass while chewing on a stick.
A to jumps catch disc. a flying dog	A dog jumps to catch a flying disc.
hoop. A girl is bubbles blowing yellow a through little	A little girl is blowing bubbles through a yellow hoop.
boy baseball A a game. at pitch the a in middle of	A boy in the middle of a pitch at a baseball game.
racing track dog a night. along greyhounds are at Muzzled	Muzzled greyhounds are racing along a dog track at night.
the among playing grass children trees. Three jump rope in the	Three children playing jump rope in the grass among the trees.
Man by ocean shore rocks crouching the on	Man crouching on rocks by the ocean shore
man in A shorts sand. the in a hits volleyball bright	A man in bright shorts hits a volleyball in the sand.
a by grass. the goes soccer black blue collar dog alert A and brown ball with in on	A black and brown dog with blue collar goes on alert by a soccer ball in the grass.
top is sleeping clothes man stairs. concrete of on on An his	An man is sleeping on top of his clothes on concrete stairs.
at snowboarder air A night. getting	A snowboarder getting air at night.
a Frog called Hopper. are little kids ride on Five the	Five little kids are on a ride called the Frog Hopper.
A on leaps road. dog for toy a a	A dog leaps for a toy on a road.
wave jumps a high surfboard. with wearing A a wetsuit above black a person	A person wearing a black wetsuit jumps high above a wave with a surfboard.
runs dirt. grass across licks lips and Small it brown dog as	Small brown dog licks lips as it runs across grass and dirt.
of picture taking themselves. a girls The are	The girls are taking a picture of themselves.
dog jumping. A black	A black dog jumping.
bikes male through the woods. biker	male biker bikes through the woods.
building the large a off ground. A man jumps onto	A man jumps off a large building onto the ground.
next Two a to mossy tree. girls	Two girls next to a mossy tree.
dog crosses some black over water. A carefully	A black dog carefully crosses over some water.
a A pours in of blonde dim a wine restaurant. woman glass	A blonde woman pours a glass of wine in a dim restaurant.
challenging for the soccer player The in white red is in ball the midair. player in	The soccer player in white is challenging the player in red for the ball in midair.
of woman a in while eating man front standing something. is A	A man is standing in front of a woman while eating something.
skeleton on the sits bushes. a	a skeleton sits on the bushes.
a child to preparing throw snowball. A	A child preparing to throw a snowball.
stone is monument yellow standing near a man a The and Frisbee. throwing	The man is standing near a stone monument and throwing a yellow Frisbee.
holds their up class a certificates.	a class holds up their certificates.
stand poles. Two the men their water fishing with near	Two men stand near the water with their fishing poles.
his a something arm on with tattoo frying pan. a cooking man a in	a man with a tattoo on his arm cooking something in a frying pan.
in A the getting dog a ball snow	A dog getting a ball in the snow
floor Two home. terriers their play wood of the on	Two terriers play on the wood floor of their home.
ship a skyline in harbor behind. a at city A night with	A ship in a harbor at night with a city skyline behind.
young a in container boy sand pours blue another. from to shirt one A	A young boy in a blue shirt pours sand from one container to another.
with surface. it topped a black A behind smoke white trailing on car	A car with white smoke trailing behind it on a black topped surface.
sticks his A black the in water. collar dog with head red	A black dog with red collar sticks his head in the water.
ball man a A of in front a large crowd. catches	A man catches a ball in front of a large crowd.
the A waves. over kite a doing flip surfer is	A kite surfer is doing a flip over the waves.
the to next dogs line. in tree sticks fetch the snow Two	Two dogs fetch sticks in the snow next to the tree line.
climbers of top on looking Two the around. mountain mountain a stand	Two mountain climbers stand on the top of a mountain looking around.
canoe river a rough down forest. pine of stretch paddle people a near a Two	Two people paddle a canoe down a rough stretch of river near a pine forest.
black young a Claus girl in dress Santa a his in lap. print with	Santa Claus with a young girl in a black print dress in his lap.
branch wooded fallen area. in A a a dog brown climbs over	A brown dog climbs over a fallen branch in a wooded area.
running his dog the A black and mouth a dog stick brown in a field. with are in	A black dog and a brown dog with a stick in his mouth are running in the field.
front street goal. a Two play children in hockey of	Two children play street hockey in front of a goal.
man others is rock his as a climbing bandage A finger watch. on with	A man with a bandage on his finger is rock climbing as others watch.
her wall jacket jeans next in red an A checking electronic stands coat while in on a orange her the to is blonde a woman a device and squatting wall woman rock on	A woman in an orange coat and jeans is squatting on a rock wall while a blonde woman in a red jacket stands next to her on the wall checking her electronic device
knee swings protectors a wearing The cricket club. man	The man wearing knee protectors swings a cricket club.
center in A brown the is chair a in woman sitting a mall. of	A woman is sitting in a brown chair in the center of a mall.
dog standing hat, white and the on and a brown shirt street wearing jeans. a	a brown and white dog standing on the street wearing a hat, shirt and jeans.
Two wet dogs.	Two wet dogs.
and red halter and wearing red red tops with black women shoes. black and miniskirts and Five white	Five women with red and black halter tops and red and black miniskirts wearing red and white shoes.
blue a basket. a child shit A is to on holding in	A child in a blue shit is holding on to a basket.
a over table. and lady elderly middleaged a a talk man	a elderly lady and a middleaged man talk over a table.
a brown through field. dog A races	A brown dog races through a field.
colorful with is A colorful scarfs. clothes girl holding	A girl with colorful clothes is holding colorful scarfs.
small looking pink and a at lot. ball, a is black girl in A parking	A small girl is looking at a pink and black ball, in a parking lot.
A on white grass ball small chases dog the a	A small dog chases a white ball on the grass
in mud is up neck A standing to dog white its	A white dog is standing in mud up to its neck
dog boy with and in a green red black the run grass. Frisbee A shirted a	A red shirted boy and a black dog with a Frisbee run in the green grass.
of dog sheep. A over backs the looking	A dog looking over the backs of sheep.
skateboarder air the in The while board. holding is his	The skateboarder is in the air while holding his board.
a white, cricket the A swings game. man in shin wearing including guards, bat	A man wearing white, including shin guards, swings the bat in a cricket game.
man A and officer smiling the are photographer. police at a	A man and a police officer are smiling at the photographer.
is taking with lens by body man water. A photos a range long a of	A man is taking photos with a long range lens by a body of water.
a man one A taking photo. people with crowd of	A crowd of people with one man taking a photo.
swimming man beside A body a pink board. a on girl	A man swimming beside a girl on a pink body board.
holds man parachute. his a	a man holds his parachute.
person a mountain. of One on another stands and sits summit the	One person stands and another sits on the summit of a mountain.
scarf, A by in a licked being laughing, woman dog. a	A woman in a scarf, laughing, being licked by a dog.
sitting rock a hiker a lone mountain A on is on trail. snowy	A lone hiker is sitting on a rock on a snowy mountain trail.
The bed. the the and curtain little beaded jumps boy onto through	The little boy jumps through the beaded curtain and onto the bed.
into man. speaks being A held by man another microphone a	A man speaks into a microphone being held by another man.
ride group A wooded a area. through people horses of	A group of people ride horses through a wooded area.
looks the camera. a blonde at man	a blonde man looks at the camera.
its near open a dog road A tennis mouth and ball a white brown on with	A brown and white dog on a road with its mouth open near a tennis ball
basketball in ball court right is A with on standing the bald player hand. his a	A bald basketball player is standing on a court with the ball in his right hand.
on a The children tire swing. are	The children are on a tire swing.
another looks a while on down slide kid a kid sliding	a kid sliding down a slide while another kid looks on
playing outdoors dogs Two	Two dogs playing outdoors
in front billboard a A of child and man	A man and child in front of a billboard
A rail. riding a skateboarder	A skateboarder riding a rail.
backwards. jumps as white back man man his black a over leans A on	A black man leans over as a white man jumps on his back backwards.
people outside fenced in group a waiting area. of A	A group of people waiting outside a fenced in area.
in young goggles and swimwear dressed girl A	A young girl dressed in swimwear and goggles
and run A dog together. sheep	A dog and sheep run together.
A man with pads. canoeing Lilly green old	A old man canoeing with green Lilly pads.
water its swimming in Dog mouth carrying stick through	Dog swimming through water carrying stick in its mouth
a woman, man, sidewalk. Asian and standing An are child on	An Asian man, woman, and child are standing on a sidewalk.
swims dog A three near water ducks. deep in	A dog swims in deep water near three ducks.
in mountain. and jacket wears hat a man front of a The green while standing	The man wears a green hat and jacket while standing in front of a mountain.
ball Two a dogs street in field a play near	Two dogs play ball in a field near a street
bike dirt a in a track. on riding person a dirt A race is	A person is riding a dirt bike in a race on a dirt track.
shoulder. A small on a tire very boy his carries bicycle	A very small boy carries a bicycle tire on his shoulder.
nose is covered a knees from in A blue sheet. to dog	A dog is covered from nose to knees in a blue sheet.
the beach ocean. the by on walking Dog	Dog walking on the beach by the ocean.
doing midair flip. a a person back in	a person in midair doing a back flip.
basketball whistle player with to Referee the ball. block blows attempts as another	Referee blows whistle as basketball player attempts to block another with the ball.
through snow. A traveling downhill mostly untouched skier	A skier traveling downhill through mostly untouched snow.
backpack brown wall. stands man in with front A a brick of	A man with backpack stands in front of a brown brick wall.
mouth. its with brown white path with in down dog ball a a runs gravel ears A	A white dog with brown ears runs down a gravel path with a ball in its mouth.
brown on A and a bench. wearing sneakers, girl a rock coat sits cap, a dark red green	A girl wearing a brown cap, red sneakers, and a dark green coat sits on a rock bench.
A the a man from rock into water. jumps	A man jumps from a rock into the water.
fire-dancer male A performs.	A male fire-dancer performs.
something. A pointing at wearing is striped shirt a boy little	A little boy wearing a striped shirt is pointing at something.
glasses the haired dark grass. on in bearded a Hawaiian is and man shirt sitting A	A dark haired bearded man in glasses and a Hawaiian shirt is sitting on the grass.
doing a on Man outdoor trick an porch. park skateboard	Man doing a skateboard trick on an outdoor park porch.
A in jacket helmet his on man and tricks white does a bike.	A man in a white jacket and helmet does tricks on his bike.
over while on watches jumping crowd rail bicycle Boy	Boy jumping over rail on bicycle while crowd watches
and a street. shirt long jeans sleeved a riding a blue is A down unicycle man wearing	A man wearing a long sleeved blue shirt and jeans is riding a unicycle down a street.
trim black A with in suit. in with a a standing white gold gown wedding a man woman	A woman in a white wedding gown with gold trim standing with a man in a black suit.
ball. after Two dogs white small a red chasing	Two small white dogs chasing after a red ball.
on playing are swings. group A children of	A group of children are playing on swings.
an is guided child A in adult. red by	A child in red is guided by an adult.
on skateboard grinding a a handrail. A down boy	A boy on a skateboard grinding down a handrail.
of ball playing A rope. with dog a fetch black	A black dog playing fetch with a ball of rope.
a a behind A tree girl from wooded in young area. peeking out	A young girl peeking out from behind a tree in a wooded area.
A on garter a putting a woman. man	A man putting a garter on a woman.
on boy shorts bucket the a blue beach. the in carrying is The	The boy in the blue shorts is carrying a bucket on the beach.
shady face white dogs to face water. in swim Two	Two white dogs swim face to face in shady water.
guy a The the white uniform hand. his has basketball in in	The guy in the white uniform has a basketball in his hand.
race. runs dog in a A	A dog runs in a race.
park-like Tan in running dog grass a setting. through long	Tan dog running through long grass in a park-like setting.
and hurdle white Large jumping dog black	Large black and white dog jumping hurdle
are bath. baby taking a standing a people watching Some around	Some people are standing around watching a baby taking a bath.
snowboard. purple black jumping a yellow and on snowboarder in A is	A snowboarder in black and yellow is jumping on a purple snowboard.
at band Live cabana underground	Live band at underground cabana
dog at looking The water. is the	The dog is looking at the water.
player to tackle trying one. football is A another	A football player is trying to tackle another one.
A look down going while skating a two kids slide man on.	A man going skating down a slide while two kids look on.
another chimes. is wind session One person photo inside involving assisting a	One person is assisting another inside a photo session involving wind chimes.
on though a the Two riding boat water. boys	Two boys on a boat riding though the water.
a walking People snowy up mountain.	People walking up a snowy mountain.
down the rides bicyclist snow. road near A	A bicyclist rides down the road near snow.
a A peak. on man snowy crouched	A man crouched on a snowy peak.
on A race fire. catches muffler cars	A race cars muffler catches on fire.
with table white Street tents display nearby. people many with with walking	Street with many white tents with display table with people walking nearby.
his wheel the in A bike on air. sitting is with one guy	A guy is sitting on his bike with one wheel in the air.
children with smiling facepaintings	children smiling with facepaintings
entangled other arm their with people on. look Two each have while people	Two people have their arm entangled with each other while people look on.
a edge and of the fishing A pole. holds water on the man stands	A man stands on the edge of the water and holds a fishing pole.
black in transportation. A jacket asleep falls man a on public leather	A man in a black leather jacket falls asleep on public transportation.
on a rooftop a of some in caught sort board midair. jumping on Someone	Someone on a rooftop jumping on some sort of a board caught in midair.
is bull an a in arena. man A charging	A bull is charging a man in an arena.
Two dogs run the through snow.	Two dogs run through the snow.
crowd. tricks on ramps bicycle man A a is on doing front in of a	A man is doing tricks on a bicycle on ramps in front of a crowd.
is in standing wearing camouflage man a hiking a foothills. the pouch gear, green in	a man in camouflage hiking gear, wearing a green pouch is standing in the foothills.
the girls leap through Two air.	Two girls leap through the air.
A an suit. a man in a dancing in orange black with dress woman is	A woman in an orange dress is dancing with a man in a black suit.
in its water runs the stick while holding through dog mouth. A a	A dog runs through the water while holding a stick in its mouth.
and riding red and white and helmet red wearing matching Woman a scarf a motorcycle small	Woman riding a small red and white motorcycle and wearing a matching red helmet and scarf
people. front group of man in a rail skating a is down of A	A man is skating down a rail in front of a group of people.
green on a boy plastic A swing.	A boy on a green plastic swing.
make-up. blonde and A pajamas in with a boy girl	A blonde boy and a girl in pajamas with make-up.
watch while people hoop through German black Shephard jumping	German Shephard jumping through black hoop while people watch
red A white a with skirt, black woman away. and boots short, walks a bag	A woman with a short, white skirt, black boots and a red bag walks away.
a wearing kid and hat on pants a at the wet rock stands A beach.	A kid wearing a hat and wet pants stands on a rock at the beach.
Two girls chocolate with mouths	Two girls with chocolate mouths
scowls. stands A plastic couple ; she in covered smiles and he	A couple stands covered in plastic ; she smiles and he scowls.
in a standing coat diner. woman next red a in a is seated jacket a in man to A yellow	A woman in a yellow coat is seated next to a standing man in a red jacket in a diner.
is The bundled-up American waving flags. crowd many	The bundled-up crowd is waving many American flags.
people The near walk building. a brick	The people walk near a brick building.
of a children in the Two sitting trunk car. small	Two small children sitting in the trunk of a car.
marketplace. shopping an in outdoor is A woman	A woman is shopping in an outdoor marketplace.
the water. A into steps dog with colorings tiger	A dog with tiger colorings steps into the water.
are each nose. nuzzling to Two other nose dogs	Two dogs are nuzzling each other nose to nose.
in in posing hat man for are striped camera. the and The the shirt man the the	The man in the striped shirt and the man in the hat are posing for the camera.
the woman and mug, holding on The is of has a top head. her sunglasses	The woman is holding a mug, and has sunglasses on the top of her head.
in kicking other are girls each Two uniforms. martial arts	Two girls are kicking each other in martial arts uniforms.
almost plastic lies A bright by covered baby balls. colored completely	A baby lies almost completely covered by bright colored plastic balls.
human a sunset. figures Four backlit by are	Four human figures are backlit by a sunset.
Several bear statue. on children a climbing	Several children climbing on a bear statue.
exhibit some a light looking people Two sort. at of	Two people looking at a light exhibit of some sort.
slide girl on a slides red A	A girl slides on a red slide
growling at each other dogs two small dirtbed in a	two small dogs growling at each other in a dirtbed
passes in shirt Samsung a the man A under blue arch.	A man in a blue shirt passes under the Samsung arch.
as waves his opens him. The young near crashing come boy arms	The young boy opens his arms as waves come crashing near him.
based game. pair holding at white shirt of headphones with a A field in a man hat a white a	A man in a white shirt with a white hat holding a pair of headphones at a field based game.
in A snowboard. wearing snow is a beige flying on person air clothes the	A person wearing beige snow clothes is flying in the air on a snowboard.
base mountains. the town lies A of small at verdant	A small town lies at the base of verdant mountains.
dog running A in the surf.	A dog running in the surf.
worker the construction a near into is traffic. with active street The street drilling	The construction worker is drilling into the street near a street with active traffic.
in pockets. hands glasses with standing on of his A a with boy top is rocky peak	A boy with glasses is standing on top of a rocky peak with hands in his pockets.
down at inflatable boats. many a in looking shirt is boy green A	A boy in a green shirt is looking down at many inflatable boats.
water. Little boy knee-deep in	Little boy knee-deep in water.
little boys two a with play puddle.	two little boys play with a puddle.
A running collie the through snow.	A collie running through the snow.
A between houses walks man	A man walks between houses
a castle. in boy jumping jumping young A	A young boy jumping in a jumping castle.
in graffiti alleyway covered kids straggle behind father	kids straggle behind father in graffiti covered alleyway
bmx tricks doing on a bike man a	a man doing tricks on a bmx bike
the water. in A boat	A boat in the water.
black the through runs water. The dog	The black dog runs through the water.
a playing a ball. dogs area in Three with fenced black	Three black dogs playing in a fenced area with a ball.
person in path. A backpack a on rocky a black biking	A person in a black backpack biking on a rocky path.
sitting on man blanket A his a face. blue covering a with is blue bench	A man is sitting on a blue bench with a blue blanket covering his face.
a elevation. is brown a with up A rocky shirt climbing dark man	A man with a dark brown shirt is climbing up a rocky elevation.
road. skateboard in down suit A person his and down a a and kneels white red on rides	A person in a red and white suit kneels down on his skateboard and rides down a road.
the photo of in woman street. tables of front smiling young A a on	A photo of a smiling young woman in front of tables on the street.
blue brown rides horse path. a a man gravel A wearing along	A man wearing blue rides a brown horse along a gravel path.
a with in toy Two dogs ocean playing the	Two dogs in the ocean playing with a toy
are tables sitting overlooking people wooden mountains. snow many at covered	many people are sitting at wooden tables overlooking snow covered mountains.
walks front cameras with in A a man of crowd piles burning past	A man walks past burning piles in front of a crowd with cameras
mountains. in Three people the watching clouds the	Three people watching the clouds in the mountains.
for shot. tennis male player A a runs	A male tennis player runs for a shot.
a boys A posing a statue group of alongside with woman	A woman posing with a statue alongside a group of boys
sits A tree. beard a and to grass the pine with glasses in a man next	A man with a beard and glasses sits in the grass next to a pine tree.
brige, the poles of a man A him. edge behind fishing looking sits out, on	A man sits on the edge of a brige, looking out, fishing poles behind him.
A in standing a crosswalk man	A man standing in a crosswalk
black in A dog standing field and a near trees tan	A black and tan dog standing in a field near trees
girls Two little in chasing after are a red strips ball. and soccer white	Two little girls in red and white strips are chasing after a soccer ball.
at adults Three work.	Three adults at work.
beach. shook The haired dog orange standing head while on its the	The orange haired dog shook its head while standing on the beach.
digging sand A dog a for in the ball brown	A brown dog digging for a ball in the sand
grass, are Two in green dogs running one ball the in black a has mouth. his	Two black dogs are running in the grass, one has a green ball in his mouth.
with skinny dog field. is long the traveling The the through tail	The skinny dog with the long tail is traveling through the field.
little begs. A white dog	A little white dog begs.
muzzled greyhound jumping over of group a dogs wall. a	a group of muzzled greyhound dogs jumping over a wall.
climbing A a man rock.	A man climbing a rock.
gather People market. outdoors a at	People gather outdoors at a market.
with a backpack A man on objects the white looks upon ground.	A man with a backpack looks upon white objects on the ground.
rocky dirt man up riding hill. a wearing bike gear A a protective	A man wearing protective gear riding a dirt bike up a rocky hill.
prepares shot a kick A boy to goal	A boy prepares to kick a goal shot
atop Three stairs. kids the sit	Three kids sit atop the stairs.
dog itself dry shaking A the on next to the beach is ocean.	A dog is shaking itself dry on the beach next to the ocean.
through runners racing are The young snow. the	The young runners are racing through the snow.
point the silver a mirror Two wall. on to girls round	Two girls point to a round silver mirror on the wall.
surfers group wave a a catching of	a group of surfers catching a wave
in the A a boy white woman is throwing into air.	A woman in white is throwing a boy into the air.
perform are watching snowboarder a the People air. in a trick	People are watching a snowboarder perform a trick in the air.
a sitting A an outside. with man cigarette smokes electric guitar	A man with an electric guitar smokes a cigarette sitting outside.
white and embrace. A black boy boy	A white boy and black boy embrace.
a the of A body. a in holding pouch her baby woman front on	A woman holding a baby in a pouch on the front of her body.
him. man and another arms from pointed behind One while is stares with posing outstretched finger	One man is posing with arms outstretched and finger pointed while another stares from behind him.
picture watches. A in digital shorts a man camera and is a woman taking white young a as with top a	A woman in shorts and a white top is taking a picture with a digital camera as a young man watches.
throwing put. and shot in Athletic uniform white woman red	Athletic woman in red and white uniform throwing shot put.
bike. his A white rides in motorcyclist yellow and	A motorcyclist in yellow and white rides his bike.
coaster. on roller group of A riding people are blue a large	A large group of people are riding on a blue roller coaster.
man hand in cellphone. drink one and looks his a holds at A	A man holds a drink in one hand and looks at his cellphone.
dogs the snow. play in The	The dogs play in the snow.
the the in male air, leaving surfer A water.	A male surfer in the air, leaving the water.
A leaps player net. at up white in the basketball	A basketball player in white leaps up at the net.
hanging is girl from A metal rings.	A girl is hanging from metal rings.
in photos green while man dressed blue surface. a backpack a rocky A with takes sitting on	A man dressed in green with a blue backpack takes photos while sitting on a rocky surface.
over riding an road. A man ATV makes jump dirt a a	A man riding an ATV makes a jump over a dirt road.
snow dry a in Two black grass. run dogs in of field the	Two black dogs run in the snow in a field of dry grass.
Two clothing with wearing camouflage snow dogs. two people in the	Two people wearing camouflage clothing in the snow with two dogs.
Dog runs through flowers of field	Dog runs through field of flowers
a of wall the bike person a young riding side a on brick	a young person riding a bike on the side of a brick wall
German next is policeman A shepherd. to his	A policeman is next to his German shepherd.
rider a ramp. catches bike A near air	A bike rider catches air near a ramp.
scenic and A beautiful, woman country. man relaxing in a	A man and woman relaxing in a beautiful, scenic country.
the through dogs splash lake. Two	Two dogs splash through the lake.
rafter goes a water through White spot. rough	White water rafter goes through a rough spot.
are a large playing swinging Five children round net. on	Five children are playing on a large round swinging net.
with walking is The toy. a dog	The dog is walking with a toy.
a of Indian to talking each other people group	a group of Indian people talking to each other
The lake. the floats solitude boat on	The solitude boat floats on the lake.
skis. dressed on are costumes People in	People dressed in costumes are on skis.
kicks his ball room. a A living boy in	A boy kicks a ball in his living room.
behind crowd dancing a people them. with right Two drums the on are and	Two people are dancing with drums on the right and a crowd behind them.
A white over fence. with white a black jumping spots is dog	A white dog with black spots is jumping over a white fence.
in A white in dog fenced room. a black a fighting and	A white and a black dog fighting in a fenced in room.
on walking the A of and person is a sidewalk inside on a skeleton fence. left a is	A person is walking on a sidewalk and a skeleton is on the left inside of a fence.
woman on lake kayaking a A is	A woman is kayaking on a lake
fetching A dog a stick.	A dog fetching a stick.
toy hands. large barefoot child green with Small	Small barefoot child with large green toy hands.
A along earth. dog some dry is walking cracked	A dog is walking along some dry cracked earth.
woman a swinging her the water head of out	a woman swinging her head out of the water
dog sitting A ice snow. and in	A dog sitting in ice and snow.
a high performs A skier a valley. jump snow-covered in	A skier performs a high jump in a snow-covered valley.
shirt. long boy is khaki wearing A young black pants sleeve and a	A young boy is wearing khaki pants and a black long sleeve shirt.
a boys group picture. pose of for A	A group of boys pose for a picture.
taking pink hat girl Young in pictures.	Young girl in pink hat taking pictures.
men a dogs at stand in advertising store Three t-shirts counter. hot	Three men in t-shirts advertising hot dogs stand at a store counter.
A beach. with pale on buy a a	A buy with a pale on a beach.
sideways the air. A is skateboard in	A skateboard is sideways in the air.
as smoke cloud race of crowd a car observes. on raises road Blue	Blue race car raises cloud of smoke on road as a crowd observes.
on Two kids hockey play a pond.	Two kids play hockey on a pond.
out. the for poses lease with Dog camera its hanging tongue with	Dog with lease poses for the camera with its tongue hanging out.
Dog yawns	Dog yawns
transit ( riding ) paper person catching a ? A bag.	A person riding transit ( catching ? ) a paper bag.
men white parked in front of Three standing care a	Three men standing in front of a parked white care
flag wearing shorts Person American holding standing on and a step box.	Person standing on step wearing American flag shorts and holding a box.
leaves the on peeks girl tree. through A a	A girl peeks through the leaves on a tree.
A people taking crowd pictures. gathered up of looking and together	A crowd of people gathered together looking up and taking pictures.
panel with wood and Two funny pose in of wall. a girl men faces a front	Two men and a girl pose with funny faces in front of a wood panel wall.
land river. A driven being rover is a across	A land rover is being driven across a river.
A little a of nose. out girl her pen has sticking	A little girl has a pen sticking out of her nose.
in a A is dirt bike on mud. covered man	A man on a dirt bike is covered in mud.
and seating boy young pool. girl inflatable in young an jumping A a	A young boy jumping and a young girl seating in an inflatable pool.
from of with A jumping dog bale white black a hay. paws	A black dog with white paws jumping from a bale of hay.
hot among crowd. in field red balloon A air lands a a	A red hot air balloon lands in a field among a crowd.
little wearing child young street red scarf in the a playing a hat and snow. in a	a young child wearing a red hat and scarf playing in the street in a little snow.
wall. to rock-climb attempting A prefabricated a is boy	A boy is attempting to rock-climb a prefabricated wall.
a pants run. bunch of in people camo	a bunch of people in camo pants run.
black on a beach. A clothes the doing in cartwheel is boy	A boy in black clothes is doing a cartwheel on the beach.
dog running the A through is black water.	A black dog is running through the water.
doing Young the skateboarder in a trick park.	Young skateboarder doing a trick in the park.
team the Yellow team to and racing ball. Blue soccer	Yellow team and Blue team racing to the soccer ball.
background. int person he elderly An with a brick wall	An elderly person with a brick wall int he background.
look Two an standing into asian distance off girls young area. while the in urban	Two young asian girls look off into the distance while standing in an urban area.
A a heavily from pitbull take to pitbull. playtoy another attempts scarred	A heavily scarred pitbull attempts to take a playtoy from another pitbull.
night. A in a trick is skier doing the air at	A skier is doing a trick in the air at night.
heart. a A runs large past of girl a model	A girl runs past a large model of a heart.
camera. the smiling daughter at A and woman are	A woman and daughter are smiling at the camera.
and sailboat. a both off up stands hands looking with A at the girl sun setting	A girl stands with both hands up looking off at the setting sun and a sailboat.
A a near stands fence. child	A child stands near a fence.
is her The holding lady glasses.	The lady is holding her glasses.
wooden are standing people end dock. Two a at of the	Two people are standing at the end of a wooden dock.
A with breed is hoop shepherd through onlookers. jumping a German dog	A German shepherd breed dog is jumping through a hoop with onlookers.
while outdoors with watches. a child is playing of spout rest water family A his the	A child is playing with a water spout outdoors while the rest of his family watches.
in camping gear carrying a girl forest A	A girl in a forest carrying camping gear
sitting to A next shrubs. dog sad looking	A sad looking dog sitting next to shrubs.
dog man rocky seashore. on a and A	A man and dog on a rocky seashore.
the a dog dog bites on sand. while standing A white black	A black dog bites a white dog while standing on the sand.
riding toy Little the girl on her sidewalk.	Little girl riding her toy on the sidewalk.
Three riding a on coaster. girls roller are	Three girls are riding on a roller coaster.
boy orange a a scooter wearing young an riding helmet	a young boy wearing an orange helmet riding a scooter
children outside Two near of watering and water a a container pail	Two children outside near a container of water and a watering pail
Bikers racing, orange cone an in front.	Bikers racing, an orange cone in front.
red playing and grass. a black the brown with Small ball in dog	Small black and brown dog playing with a red ball in the grass.
An younger girl ice a helps skate. older girl	An older girl helps a younger girl ice skate.
bicycle a A doing in trick boy on his the air	A boy doing a trick in the air on his bicycle
the guy skiing A snowy slope. down	A guy skiing down the snowy slope.
Three in play snow. dogs	Three dogs play in snow.
holding A concrete blue a runs dog on ball.	A dog runs on concrete holding a blue ball.
big plays boxing a woman screen. on a video game A	A woman plays a video boxing game on a big screen.
standing Two one dogs the in is grass, running.	Two dogs standing in the grass, one is running.
is a white snow. pile There of	There is a pile of white snow.
dog grass. through runs the A	A dog runs through the grass.
buggy woodland a a is riding path. boy down a	a boy is riding a buggy down a woodland path.
reach A wearing yellow green basketball players a and of for ball. group	A group of basketball players wearing yellow and green reach for a ball.
man toys in red to a A giving a shirt is dog. small	A man in a red shirt is giving toys to a small dog.
of pink a and flowers. front large bush a covered in in woman An older girl standing young	An older woman and a young girl standing in front of a large bush covered in pink flowers.
sand A on walks the dog the along water.	A dog walks on the sand along the water.
An a being child. the watched by playing violin old is man	An old man playing the violin is being watched by a child.
a in ball. and The the white with man shirt black running is	The man in the black and white shirt is running with a ball.
dog with long short A toy stuffed plays centipede. multi-colored a haired	A short long haired dog plays with a multi-colored stuffed toy centipede.
Mohawk, bare beard with man glasses. A chested a and	A bare chested man with a Mohawk, beard and glasses.
it. the black snow behind in A with a running dog dog brown is smaller running	A brown dog is running in the snow with a smaller black dog running behind it.
in water. children splashing Two the	Two children splashing in the water.
follows and fence another brown over A him. jumps dog a wire dog	A brown dog jumps over a wire fence and another dog follows him.
Two have fold a they a parachute field. in landed people after	Two people fold a parachute after they have landed in a field.
Man with down road the side. a dirt on stores walking	Man walking down a dirt road with stores on the side.
sit the people a Two end water. on dock of the in of middle still	Two people sit on the end of a dock in the middle of still water.
pulled holds on the ski. man onto his ropes A water is and through	A man holds onto ropes and is pulled through the water on his ski.
is tricks on the doing skateboard. He	He is doing tricks on the skateboard.
men a young in are of room. guitars Two corner the playing	Two young men are playing guitars in the corner of a room.
is sprawled child a midair. A blanket in underneath	A child is sprawled underneath a blanket in midair.
is dog red ears flapping. through harness dry a field, brown A white and running a wearing	A brown and white dog wearing a red harness is running through a dry field, ears flapping.
a in twisting around is see to field underneath grassy a itself itself. brown dog	a brown dog is in a grassy field twisting itself around to see underneath itself.
A a hooking man line.	A man hooking a line.
jump skateboard with while on watches. another boy a takes A skateboard boy his a	A boy takes a jump on his skateboard while another boy with a skateboard watches.
looking man of a glasses the in at closeup A camera.	A closeup of a man in glasses looking at the camera.
lens. throwing some hay Three at outdoors, with playing camera children	Three children playing with hay outdoors, throwing some at camera lens.
car. back a of race out Fire the coming is of	Fire is coming out of the back of a race car.
water beack. at jumping a A the in dog	A dog jumping in the water at a beack.
toddler a The jacket indoors. the on with in boat sits life	The toddler sits in the boat with a life jacket on indoors.
blue people. a behind smiles of group stands A he small child as wearing	A small child wearing blue smiles as he stands behind a group of people.
Two in in and snow stand people lake of the a a pose front for picture.	Two people stand in front of a lake in the snow and pose for a picture.
stairs. the smiling Little on boy	Little boy smiling on the stairs.
in on machine a sitting boots a man	a man in boots sitting on a machine
number photo football a jersey Sooners the closeup who a player for the is team A of with 19. red wearing	A closeup photo of a football player for the Sooners team who is wearing a red jersey with the number 19.
a is wet walking lake retriever a through golden	a wet golden retriever is walking through a lake
man and automobiles and woman signs past An walk oriental smiling	An oriental man and woman walk smiling past signs and automobiles
running with in player red white football defending in who The is against player is ball. the the	The football player in white is defending against the player in red who is running with the ball.
A herding dog a is bucking cow.	A dog is herding a bucking cow.
black race. dog in A dog a is	A black dog is in a dog race.
is and object. to white a a pink dog attempting green catch	a white dog is attempting to catch a green and pink object.
pushing through Two is people towards a dinghy running yellow them. as a stream are man a	Two people are pushing a yellow dinghy through a stream as a man is running towards them.
bar people. surrounded on by a lies A woman	A woman lies on a bar surrounded by people.
four A mud the boys and group with of plays in water grass.	A group of four boys plays with mud in the water and grass.
his eye. on sitting man rubbing A a chair	A man sitting on a chair rubbing his eye.
A woman a instruments. man and playing	A woman and a man playing instruments.
on a water girl in frog playing A sculpture. little	A little girl playing in water on a frog sculpture.
drinking a and hat reading in A coffee. sits woman a	A woman in a hat sits reading and drinking a coffee.
are clear Many day. a walking people along beach on the	Many people are walking along the beach on a clear day.
pilot bending assist is a that A man down is crying. to	A pilot is bending down to assist a man that is crying.
gravel a down walking A path. child	A child walking down a gravel path.
A banister carpeted is child a on red stair. standing a beside	A child is standing beside a banister on a red carpeted stair.
wood a a Two along women bench waterfront sitting edge. on	Two women sitting on a wood bench along a waterfront edge.
behind red with onlookers in costume her. A girl white and a	A girl in a red and white costume with onlookers behind her.
kite. a girl top in striped running with and red pants Young	Young girl in red top and striped pants running with a kite.
steers jet a a turn. speeding man ski A through	A man steers a speeding jet ski through a turn.
blue boy A his thumb. with face paint sucks	A boy with blue face paint sucks his thumb.
man wearing mask elf werewolf with a woman in a A ears. is	A man in a werewolf mask is with a woman wearing elf ears.
A of the a walking woman side highway. down	A woman walking down the side of a highway.
up riding a over A person comes a wave. surfboard large	A person riding a surfboard comes up over a large wave.
jumping in boy fountain. is OD A city front happy	A happy boy is jumping in front OD city fountain.
from Kid guards ball face soccer	Kid guards face from soccer ball
next the The running on colorful grass is a to toy. girl	The girl is running on the grass next to a colorful toy.
Two mouth, a in together in his dogs, with one snow. ball play the tennis	Two dogs, one with a tennis ball in his mouth, play together in the snow.
with her down. touching on woman's girl who's a face A worried young a face keeling look	A young girl with a worried look on her face touching a woman's face who's keeling down.
brown A in of a white by balls. the and front dog shed onslaught tennis overwhelmed of	A brown and white dog in front of a shed overwhelmed by the onslaught of tennis balls.
in mouth. a and its small dog rope A a with dog large	A small dog and a large dog with a rope in its mouth.
wall. trick A against performs a graffiti skateboard a skateboarder	A skateboarder performs a skateboard trick against a graffiti wall.
around milk mouth. his with Toddler	Toddler with milk around his mouth.
and girl A little dress in a man a pink	A man and a little girl in a pink dress
are in the playing water. Three dogs	Three dogs are playing in the water.
in ocean boys as sets. sun Two the an stand	Two boys stand in an ocean as the sun sets.
towards is man across player the the puck ice opposing hockey while A it. races an guiding	A man is guiding the hockey puck across the ice while an opposing player races towards it.
to her bends attend a A child yellow jacket. in woman to over	A woman bends over to attend to her child in a yellow jacket.
surfing. is A boy	A boy is surfing.
dog running with that interacting direction. in is opposite a man the is A	A man is interacting with a dog that is running in the opposite direction.
Three boys slide a on climb	Three boys climb on a slide
The eating tin over dish. a boy pizza is	The boy is eating pizza over a tin dish.
one Two children another. hug	Two children hug one another.
jumps pool. a into white dog A	A white dog jumps into a pool.
sitting with seat elephant a man female to tourist. is on an riding talking A a	A man sitting on an elephant with a riding seat is talking to a female tourist.
beach. a of people wall group sit A on at the	A group of people sit on a wall at the beach.
jumps in its black mouth. white ball The tennis with a and dog	The black and white dog jumps with a tennis ball in its mouth.
at with pink big glass standing blue circle Person doors big and circle	Person standing at glass doors with big blue circle and big pink circle
game. a standing are at people carnival Three	Three people are standing at a carnival game.
the on are The playing dogs bed.	The dogs are playing on the bed.
wears A a sun mask. gold man	A man wears a gold sun mask.
racing sidecar a mud. in people the Two motorcycle are	Two people are racing a sidecar motorcycle in the mud.
flying water. over A large bird is	A large bird is flying over water.
the walks a green with A and street orange dress balloon. a on girl wearing	A girl wearing a green and orange dress walks on the street with a balloon.
pack and a donning A of cyclist blue is white cyclists. leading	A cyclist donning blue and white is leading a pack of cyclists.
the The canal. in gondola poling his is boat	The gondola is poling his boat in the canal.
grass. through snowy the an A dog object carreis	A dog carreis an object through the snowy grass.
tree standing is stump. outside dog a on The	The dog is standing outside on a tree stump.
on playing soccer. the Kids outside street	Kids outside on the street playing soccer.
walking dog large A water through	A large dog walking through water
by surrounded against pole man leaning people a A	A man leaning against a pole surrounded by people
sidewalk. is The brown black and a hat coat, woman wearing on and a is	The woman is wearing a brown hat and black coat, and is on a sidewalk.
is shorts pool. boy wearing blue A splashing blue kiddie is young a	A young boy wearing blue shorts is splashing is a blue kiddie pool.
A is sitting wings its while spreading white duck the on water.	A white duck is spreading its wings while sitting on the water.
bicycle. a is with man an performing The orange trick	The man is performing a trick with an orange bicycle.
A snowboarder jumping.	A snowboarder jumping.
flipping white in four them. in boys other Man water with young shirt the surrounding boy	Man in white shirt flipping young boy in the water with four other boys surrounding them.
is An individual parachute. in a the floating with air	An individual is floating in the air with a parachute.
people near standing a outside looking tree. a Amish building, are	Amish looking people are outside a building, standing near a tree.
over white jumping small a muzzles with are race dogs Two a in barrier	Two white dogs with muzzles are jumping over a small barrier in a race
field. dog in a A	A dog in a field.
group A something. people wait and stand of see to	A group of people stand and wait to see something.
masks wearing A woman and outdoor a embrace festival. at man an	A man and a woman wearing masks embrace at an outdoor festival.
sports a sitting are ground A in in seats crowd bleachers. people of	A crowd of people are sitting in seats in a sports ground bleachers.
Four brown people a playing surface. soccer on	Four people playing soccer on a brown surface.
it trainer hoops. next jumps as his through A multiple runs dog to	A trainer runs next to his dog as it jumps through multiple hoops.
a crowd. wearing wheelchair pushes a woman a through coat A white	A woman wearing a white coat pushes a wheelchair through a crowd.
wire. hooking A in a helmet woman to a up	A woman in a helmet hooking up to a wire.
wearing brown red pants hat shirt, a ramp. going a A skateboard and on man a is down	A man wearing a red shirt, hat and brown pants is on a skateboard going down a ramp.
a Miami while man jersey. a basketball A wearing bald dribbles	A bald man dribbles a basketball while wearing a Miami jersey.
crowded at a woman A flower shop. on sits coffee pot a	A woman sits on a flower pot at a crowded coffee shop.
as young blue the up in A is smiles sweatshirt hair girl wearing her a air.	A young girl wearing a blue sweatshirt smiles as her hair is up in the air.
person and purple is umbrella. Winnie sheet The a on pooh a holding the sitting	The person is sitting on a Winnie the pooh sheet and holding a purple umbrella.
in and dog a a branch black his white with mouth dog. A	A white dog with a branch in his mouth and a black dog.
A on is engine fireman on a a a up that using car firehose carjack.	A fireman using a firehose on a car engine that is up on a carjack.
people Large gathered crowd of together.	Large crowd of people gathered together.
a lake. person A on rowing small a boat single	A single person rowing a small boat on a lake.
towards to ball a A soccer meet jumps dog flying it.	A dog jumps to meet a soccer ball flying towards it.
a A the woods. over jumps log dog in	A dog jumps over a log in the woods.
runs through A a the beach. water on brown dog	A brown dog runs through the water on a beach.
This person rapids. the yellow a riding kayak in is	This person in a yellow kayak is riding the rapids.
dogs weeds. and Two through run dirt	Two dogs run through dirt and weeds.
through the bushes. dog The running and is white black	The black and white dog is running through the bushes.
Asian street. are women the on Several standing	Several Asian women are standing on the street.
little to The stands next his boy scooter.	The little boy stands next to his scooter.
People in crowded truck a riding bed. are	People are riding in a crowded truck bed.
cellphone suit his train. sitting in using a is Man while on	Man in suit is using his cellphone while sitting on a train.
in big the catch ball. The is up black air dog jumping a to	The big black dog is jumping up in the air to catch a ball.
house in while Person white sits sitting against and back of dog front him leaning	Person sitting and leaning back against white house while dog sits in front of him
on sitting people Four and laughing couch. a	Four people laughing and sitting on a couch.
Two watches. shirt pink a while in girls and arm girl glasses a third wrestle	Two girls arm wrestle while a third girl in a pink shirt and glasses watches.
the walking street Man green under in lights	Man walking in the street under green lights
a is dirt A white walking dog down road.	A white dog is walking down a dirt road.
the A water. dog plays in	A dog plays in the water.
a pillar sitting selling A against man hats.	A man sitting against a pillar selling hats.
A is and standing man the the holding on rock. in tho ocean	A man is standing in the ocean and holding on tho the rock.
streched at their yell with night. People arms	People yell with their arms streched at night.
A boarding man wave. boogie the over sails	A man boogie boarding sails over the wave.
blue Young girl eating eyes a cookie. with	Young girl with blue eyes eating a cookie.
Three brown, one dogs, on together of field running are two a and white grass.	Three dogs, one white and two brown, are running together on a field of grass.
dance a large in women near saris Three flag.	Three women in saris dance near a large flag.
person a against with a cloudy is pole A fishing sky. backlit blue	A person with a fishing pole is backlit against a blue cloudy sky.
being water. with Children are splashed	Children are being splashed with water.
a girl wearing costume bigwheels fairy riding a green young a	a young girl wearing a green fairy costume riding a bigwheels
bench a and on are boys laughing. three Two sitting girls	Two girls and three boys are sitting on a bench laughing.
participate in people Three climbing. rock	Three people participate in rock climbing.
sitting outside A and building. back-to-back man woman a	A man and woman sitting back-to-back outside a building.
a young girl top she her slides. with as A hands raises tank heart	A young girl with a heart tank top raises her hands as she slides.
holding A stands mouth its black weight to next a person. dog in a	A black dog holding a weight in its mouth stands next to a person.
dojo. uniforms in girls in Two struggle karate a	Two girls in karate uniforms struggle in a dojo.
into cheerleader A thrown air the	A cheerleader thrown into the air
in warm A people a city weather. group of walking street	A group of people walking a city street in warm weather.
with grass sit tree pink near the blossoms. Young on people crooked a	Young people sit on the grass near a crooked tree with pink blossoms.
mound squirrel snow. takes A of huge a leap a over	A squirrel takes a huge leap over a mound of snow.
is young standing grass. a the There group in children holding of while 8 sticks	There is a group of 8 young children holding sticks while standing in the grass.
the running brown is outside The grass. dog on	The brown dog is running outside on the grass.
dock. white sailboat A and by a sits blue	A blue and white sailboat sits by a dock.
brown beach. plays the at dog A	A brown dog plays at the beach.
on is trick bike. A a guy a doing	A guy is doing a trick on a bike.
bike A on over doing is rider a a a bicycle forest. stunt	A bike rider is doing a stunt on a bicycle over a forest.
a a are room. a coarse and boy man behind An in wooden blue African standing table	An African man and a boy are standing behind a coarse wooden table in a blue room.
during opposing Two players match. the rugby in air a are	Two opposing players are in the air during a rugby match.
players Two ice. fighting the hockey on	Two hockey players fighting on the ice.
on hurdles. sits Dog	Dog sits on hurdles.
and dog dog a black white A wrestle.	A black dog and a white dog wrestle.
grass at of park. group a the play children A in	A group of children play in the grass at a park.
a swing. ride is a young a The girl on in cartoon shirt enjoying	The young girl in a cartoon shirt is enjoying a ride on a swing.
and little the some playing water a chutes. a are a underneath ball girl pool in with woman	a woman and a little girl are playing with a ball in the pool underneath some water chutes.
boy A a young playground. on in a yellow tunnel plays	A young boy plays in a yellow tunnel on a playground.
city a a man on eat girl A street. and young meal	A man and young girl eat a meal on a city street.
bike trick man the a while bicycle on a pedals A performing on the is upright. standing by	A man performing a trick on a bicycle by standing on the pedals while the bike is upright.
front in ice the Hockey on goal-keeper laying net. of	Hockey goal-keeper laying on the ice in front of net.
several cap. baseball people, a asian are wearing one There	There are several asian people, one wearing a baseball cap.
young man a hill. rocky climbs A	A young man climbs a rocky hill.
wearing back The the of blue midst in flip. pants boy is a	The boy wearing blue pants is in the midst of a back flip.
jacket The helmet. and a has yellow on a man white	The man has on a yellow jacket and a white helmet.
on island. head the camera Easter of green a statues between man holding stands a two in	a man in green holding a camera stands between two of the head statues on Easter island.
A of a vehicle. boys riding crowd	A crowd of boys riding a vehicle.
young leaves. fall runs child outside amidst A	A young child runs outside amidst fall leaves.
beyond A camera. in shirt young pointing striped a the boy	A young boy in a striped shirt pointing beyond the camera.
slope. a boy is a on on skateboard riding A	A boy on a skateboard is riding on a slope.
Two one their hind legs dogs a facing another. in on kennel	Two dogs in a kennel on their hind legs facing one another.
A stylish middle holding clothes, woman in a aged camera.	A middle aged woman in stylish clothes, holding a camera.
a white A is running river. into dog	A white dog is running into a river.
with man to back high on camera. Shirtless cliff	Shirtless man on high cliff with back to camera.
swing. a girl little swings on the	a little girl swings on the swing.
A skateboarder street. city rides a down	A skateboarder rides down a city street.
with picture neither smiling. for pose A woman and a man together,	A man and woman pose for a picture together, with neither smiling.
orange after an air hill. coat snowboarding a going the man over in wearing A is	A man wearing an orange coat is snowboarding in the air after going over a hill.
edge of dog White the at the water.	White dog at the edge of the water.
tennis in the with dog water in his a a swimming ball mouth black	a black dog swimming in the water with a tennis ball in his mouth
kick back child A soccer a ball. to falling	A child falling back to kick a soccer ball.
brown white play grass. and A the in a dog dog	A white dog and a brown dog play in the grass.
on green grass. Two rabbits sit the white	Two white rabbits sit on the green grass.
front wearing of and t-shirt a in brick the pants black The red building. is black skateboarder	The skateboarder wearing a black t-shirt and black pants is in front of the red brick building.
field ball. colorful orange young uniform on near a the wearing an A boy stands	A young boy wearing an orange uniform stands on the field near a colorful ball.
racing wearing a number dog yellow with six. jersey A	A racing dog wearing a yellow jersey with number six.
climbs rocks. boy A	A boy climbs rocks.
woman little An a orange stripe, in in sits big lap her old dress. next a girl with bag a to	An old woman with a big bag in her lap sits next to a little girl in a stripe, orange dress.
suit a with a foggy day. string a man in boardwalk a woman A on on bathing	A woman in a string bathing suit with a man on a boardwalk on a foggy day.
A a girl's perched on brown hand butterfly	A brown butterfly perched on a girl's hand
looks smiles. at woman man A a she and	A man looks at a woman and she smiles.
chew toy. a laying the dog grass in white with A brown	A brown dog laying in the grass with a white chew toy.
hills. a the out while A edge on man sits looking on cliff	A man sits on a cliff edge while looking out on the hills.
the Two brown dogs stand in grass.	Two dogs stand in the brown grass.
red A is a nearby. ramp haired golden over with dog running onlookers	A golden haired dog is running over a red ramp with onlookers nearby.
a motorcyclist rolling wheelie grassy field framed " by pops " hills. A in a	A motorcyclist " pops a wheelie " in a grassy field framed by rolling hills.
pulls his soccer up. A player shorts	A soccer player pulls his shorts up.
A is man ear hear phone dreadlocks plugging with a to his call.	A man with dreadlocks is plugging his ear to hear a phone call.
gold parade. young walking short with top is in and A black shorts man a a	A young man with gold short shorts and a black top is walking in a parade.
white over A dog jumps and black hurdle. a	A black and white dog jumps over a hurdle.
riding downhill rider, BMX forest path. on	BMX rider, riding downhill on forest path.
running road down Blonde dog	Blonde dog running down road
Kid doing with them. and legs skateboard between trick board his split	Kid doing skateboard trick with his legs split and board between them.
a his the riding skateboard skateboard rider A down steps building. of	A skateboard rider riding his skateboard down the steps of a building.
are people standing at around The a carnival.	The people are standing around at a carnival.
A a on sitting boy swing. little green	A little boy sitting on a green swing.
running dog snow. and black brown the is through The	The black and brown dog is running through the snow.
over obstacle. Golden Retreiver an jumps A	A Golden Retreiver jumps over an obstacle.
tackling players each other. Rugby	Rugby players tackling each other.
front on talking A water. of woman in a cellphone walking	A woman talking on a cellphone walking in front of water.
multicolored A a runs ball. dog with	A dog runs with a multicolored ball.
dog sit man A water. and a of body bench on near a a	A man and a dog sit on a bench near a body of water.
stick. an orange strip her is striking ball hockey in the woman player A with	A woman hockey player in an orange strip is striking the ball with her stick.
trash. recyclable woman elderly collects An	An elderly woman collects recyclable trash.
in player is football running. The helmet gold the	The football player in the gold helmet is running.
A picture over his holds head. boy a	A boy holds a picture over his head.
Some at a resort. skiers	Some skiers at a resort.
nice the street in green A foothills. neighborhood beautiful	A nice neighborhood street in the beautiful green foothills.
jumping a off A boy of block. cement	A boy jumping off of a cement block.
a man on in is area. a dry A midair in 4-wheeler dusty	A man on a 4-wheeler is in midair in a dry dusty area.
sitting a amongst Two bench elderly trees. white females on	Two elderly females sitting on a white bench amongst trees.
a white A running after yellow ball dog	A white dog running after a yellow ball
rink fighting backgroud in with a referee two the a in wrestlers	two wrestlers fighting in a rink with a referee in the backgroud
young a for picture school Four pose at girls	Four young girls pose for a picture at school
the something snow are red running biting dogs Two on and onto orange. black	Two black dogs running on the snow are biting onto something red and orange.
the bear older young a girl wearing lap statue a A sitting building. by bluejeans the held to woman entrance an being near wooden on of	A young girl being held by an older woman wearing bluejeans sitting on the lap of a bear statue near the entrance to a wooden building.
The has dog its in something field black mouth. in the	The black dog in the field has something in its mouth.
boogie ocean shallow holds boy A board water. young his in	A young boy holds his boogie board in shallow ocean water.
while follows. dog black a a on people Two floating swimming	Two people swimming on a floating while a black dog follows.
in run dogs Two field. a	Two dogs run in a field.
dog beach. along A black runs the	A black dog runs along the beach.
waiting group ride people to A boats. of	A group of people waiting to ride boats.
another is stands snowboarding incline woman down while A behind. woman an	A woman is snowboarding down an incline while another woman stands behind.
wooden sea in A behind a watch couple the from railing. wedding outfits	A couple in wedding outfits watch the sea from behind a wooden railing.
A a in across of hills. rolling front walks sand river the to dog next	A dog walks across the sand next to a river in front of rolling hills.
background. road run mountains in the down with the Runners	Runners run down the road with mountains in the background.
on young A pose a a boy makes swing. meditational	A young boy makes a meditational pose on a swing.
crouches a A in field. dogs three near woman	A woman crouches near three dogs in a field.
crooked holding dressed backwards a Arabian lady skinny A sword. leans	A Arabian dressed lady leans backwards holding a skinny crooked sword.
bike. his boy young off A falls	A young boy falls off his bike.
a jump An course. horse on a and equestrian make	An equestrian and horse make a jump on a course.
person a mask. A wearing	A person wearing a mask.
A the above snowboarder in air snow.	A snowboarder in the air above snow.
telephone man two a bag by booths. A carrying passes	A man carrying a bag passes by two telephone booths.
and playing jumping a black A the fence. chain near link dog snow in	A black dog jumping and playing in the snow near a chain link fence.
man head covering. a A with	A man with a head covering.
in little a brown snow and beanie. A kid red plays in jacket the	A little kid plays in the snow in a brown jacket and red beanie.
with bike person gear mountains background. A standing in riding the in	A person in bike riding gear standing with mountains in the background.
white dog two and purple brown a jumping stiped over and poles black	a black and brown dog jumping over two white and purple stiped poles
suit A snowboarding. is a in prison man	A man in a prison suit is snowboarding.
in play some brown dogs A woods. few dirt near	A few brown dogs play in some dirt near woods.
a blow-up on raises arms while yellow A toy. her young child jumping	A young child raises her arms while jumping on a yellow blow-up toy.
playing boys some in water. Three	Three boys playing in some water.
alone some rocks. young A on standing child jagged is	A young child is standing alone on some jagged rocks.
Jesus in parade. a elaborate being The is shrine carried	The elaborate Jesus shrine is being carried in a parade.
blue blue child young slide a sliding down in jeans a	a young child in blue jeans sliding down a blue slide
with in hands a child sitting steering through on A wheel. seat small a cap is a large	A small child in a cap is sitting on a large seat with hands through a steering wheel.
woman takes beach. A pictures the at	A woman takes pictures at the beach.
large watching explosion. people a A group of	A group of people watching a large explosion.
Rottwieler safety with ahead the running of is the Dalmation. setter vest the and The Irish	The Irish setter with the safety vest is running ahead of the Rottwieler and the Dalmation.
down paved riding a road unicycle a man A	A man riding a unicycle down a paved road
and neck bird on flight. markings wings in with white Grey-blue	Grey-blue bird with white markings on neck and wings in flight.
skateboard. on people long Two a play	Two people play on a long skateboard.
ice A watches the hockey the rink. skates opponent from an on with forward puck nearby player as	A hockey player skates forward with the puck as an opponent watches from nearby on the ice rink.
is The girl a holding up stick. little	The little girl is holding up a stick.
sign. snowboarding man is a caution over A	A man is snowboarding over a caution sign.
female player readies tennis A herself.	A female tennis player readies herself.
little and A a points at the brown woman holds bottom big hill. dog her of white to dog the	A woman holds her little white dog and points to a big brown dog at the bottom of the hill.
bridge. around rickety group of a young one play boys, A naked,	A group of young boys, one naked, play around a rickety bridge.
at is dusk. A guy doing a on stunt a skateboard	A guy on a skateboard is doing a stunt at dusk.
with and shirt is lolly A a white a in pop person store. smiling a	A person with a lolly pop and a white shirt is smiling in a store.
A water a entering the man a rock. swimsuit headfirst in after off jumping green	A man in a green swimsuit entering the water headfirst after jumping off a rock.
rocky snow hiker deep lone peaks. A near treks through	A lone hiker treks through deep snow near rocky peaks.
fence. through white sniffing a A dog sheep	A white dog sniffing sheep through a fence.
parade. Man and jewelry in gold a by shorts	Man in gold jewelry and shorts by a parade.
woman a of standing her to leg her. shoulder A up kicking to the girl next	A girl kicking her leg up to the shoulder of a woman standing next to her.
scale ice and A to crampons uses picks ice. man	A man uses ice picks and crampons to scale ice.
grass the the baby boy in park. A while cries at sitting	A baby boy cries while sitting in the grass at the park.
on a a plane runway. are near Men standing small	Men are standing near a small plane on a runway.
a mountain biker trail. A rides down	A mountain biker rides down a trail.
sign are Two of men resting electric front box. protest standing in a a red on	Two men are standing in front of a protest sign resting on a red electric box.
on scene while distance. the front ocean baby sand the is of the sits the the in The in	The baby sits on the sand in the front of the scene while the ocean is in the distance.
dirt around The racetrack. dogs the ran	The dogs ran around the dirt racetrack.
A a a board. water harness in a para-surfing wet-suit on across the moving suspended from whilst man is	A man in a wet-suit is suspended from a para-surfing harness whilst moving across the water on a board.
phone, Two in of the front people, on train. one a	Two people, one on the phone, in front of a train.
hair woman green with is hula hooping. A	A woman with green hair is hula hooping.
sidewalk red lays next to a on the brick A man red building. in	A man in red lays on the sidewalk next to a red brick building.
dog with in the climbs a water. A its out mouth of stick	A dog with a stick in its mouth climbs out of the water.
children quickly skating are ice. Two on	Two children are skating quickly on ice.
adult with to balance a blue an baby him. behind shorts tries blue of dressed A hand in help hat small the and	A small baby dressed in blue shorts and a blue hat tries to balance with the help of an adult hand behind him.
front man woman and in A a of signs. standing	A man and a woman standing in front of signs.
in A the snow. child	A child in the snow.
a A stands him. with the field walks behind in crowd down man a	A man walks down a field with a crowd in the stands behind him.
is lawn near the The sitting in couple chairs. water	The couple is sitting near the water in lawn chairs.
man in Old against hat and building. brick black coat sitting	Old man in black coat and hat sitting against brick building.
snow. Two the air snowboarders above in	Two snowboarders in the air above snow.
with hands. soccer the young his A stops playing goalie ball boy	A young boy playing goalie stops the soccer ball with his hands.
and down child, clown adults, a a a Two walking sidewalk.	Two adults, a child, and a clown walking down a sidewalk.
A to a a on board. and crate writes man bicycle, plastic a next	A man next to a plastic crate and a bicycle, writes on a board.
air. sails in Snowboarder the	Snowboarder sails in the air.
street skateboard Shirtless, man blurring beach. tattooed down near rides	Shirtless, tattooed man rides skateboard down blurring street near beach.
girl wall. an climbing on A young practicing indoor rock	A young girl practicing rock climbing on an indoor wall.
person outside. A jumps	A person jumps outside.
orange man pads A is in picture. and blurry in knee shorts a	A man in orange shorts and knee pads is in a blurry picture.
river. on buffalo thin A girl logs stands a and photographs two across	A girl stands on two thin logs and photographs buffalo across a river.
off the rocks guy A water. jumps of into	A guy jumps off of rocks into the water.
little up another boy boy pushing pole. Little the	Little boy pushing another little boy up the pole.
helicopter jumping into ocean. a Man out the of	Man jumping out of a helicopter into the ocean.
midair dog and near a field. black A in jumping brown	A black and brown dog jumping in midair near a field.
equipment. orange in an A and girl carries shirt sandals pink	A girl in an orange shirt and pink sandals carries equipment.
dressed stand next to her she A other. each with open, formally mouth couple,	A formally dressed couple, she with her mouth open, stand next to each other.
and front a blue sky seat tree. young in a of child in jumps bungee A	A young child jumps in a bungee seat in front of a blue sky and tree.
in blue basketball. to uniform about A a throw man	A man in blue uniform about to throw a basketball.
up in road. of young the sitting the dirt a a middle pointing man road	a young man sitting in the middle of a dirt road pointing up the road.
bicycle platform. A a person over going raised riding a	A person riding a bicycle going over a raised platform.
the dog their in both down heads A with butt kneel and a and woman air.	A woman and a dog both kneel with their heads down and butt in the air.
over in wings body spreading large bird his water. a flight A of	A large bird spreading his wings in flight over a body of water.
slides child full pool a while bucket an them. a I of of water into adult wading tosses water on	I child slides into a wading pool full of water while an adult tosses a bucket of water on them.
into the a river. plungles kayaker	a kayaker plungles into the river.
dog the a mouth. stick with his grass a long walking and through black white in	a black and white dog walking through the grass with a long stick in his mouth.
a bearing An Asian is flag parade. in a man elderly dragon green	An elderly Asian man is bearing a green flag in a dragon parade.
playing outside soccer. People	People outside playing soccer.
snow people the order. gear their put Three in in	Three people in the snow put their gear in order.
trees. leafless brown over snow dog A is running near	A brown dog is running over snow near leafless trees.
People a tent. under	People under a tent.
and blue are Two street. and hats red bowler men in wearing trunks crowded performing a	Two men wearing red and blue trunks and bowler hats are performing in a crowded street.
and wrestle together. white black A dog	A white and black dog wrestle together.
distance. A young wearing points a the into shirt boy striped	A young boy wearing a striped shirt points into the distance.
children and museum one sitting. laying at with by People standing benches two person a down	People at a museum standing by benches with two children laying down and one person sitting.
stop Person to traffic. direct sign holding	Person holding stop sign to direct traffic.
of yellow dress, young gray A girl pants standing a wearing front flip restaurant. a flops and in is	A young girl wearing a yellow dress, gray pants and flip flops is standing in front of a restaurant.
next boy red a wall. in The is to shirt the blue	The boy in the red shirt is next to a blue wall.
skateboarding the arms man his shirtless with in air. A	A shirtless man skateboarding with his arms in the air.
the The man leather in jacket on sleeps subway. the	The man in the leather jacket sleeps on the subway.
engulfed they men a wearing in meet coats. are fountain Two by lights, Winter	Two men meet by a fountain engulfed in lights, they are wearing Winter coats.
dog of are front walking of and queue officer a An in people.	An officer and dog are walking in front of a queue of people.
the sand through air biker dunes. near flies A	A biker flies through the air near sand dunes.
shirt A tennis. hat playing blue a in woman is and green	A woman in a green shirt and blue hat is playing tennis.
) teenage boy a distorted a almost its lens skateboarding of fish block. eye a concrete on (	its a distorted lens ( almost fish eye ) of a teenage boy skateboarding on a concrete block.
is grass mouth. the across carrying its dog black A running something in	A black dog is running across the grass carrying something in its mouth.
of the graffiti boy A skateboards some stairs down railing	A boy skateboards down the railing of some graffiti stairs
fenced A in running in the backyard. dog	A dog running in the fenced in backyard.
the skateboarder A city. in	A skateboarder in the city.
Kid the skateboard riding down stairs.	Kid riding skateboard down the stairs.
A a Retriever Golden wood porch. jumping off	A Golden Retriever jumping off a wood porch.
looks wrestling, another arm Two while on. girls	Two girls arm wrestling, while another looks on.
obstacles. tri-colored dog over is jumping A	A tri-colored dog is jumping over obstacles.
black jumping log a along over beach. dog A a is	A black dog is jumping over a log along a beach.
in one a field flowers. Three of a with kitten, children, stuffed	Three children, one with a stuffed kitten, in a field of flowers.
ticket. the poem man a a up of sign Giant's for honest holding trade A good that offers red a	A man holding up a red sign that offers the honest trade of a good poem for a Giant's ticket.
doing snowboarder air stunt the a night. high is The in at	The snowboarder is doing a stunt high in the air at night.
ball. over dogs in tussle a snow Two tennis the	Two dogs tussle in the snow over a tennis ball.
woman white walks street dress, jacket, in with bags. striped down shopping Older	Older woman in striped dress, white jacket, walks down street with shopping bags.
background. in with A young girl and rollerblades foliage green the	A young girl with rollerblades and green foliage in the background.
wooden Man hair structure. with moves short	Man with short hair moves wooden structure.
A with hitting boy ball chest. soccer a his	A boy hitting a soccer ball with his chest.
a onto jumping boy sled. A	A boy jumping onto a sled.
and a is at standing football cheering crowd A game.	A crowd is standing and cheering at a football game.
a halter through with runs white black A the blue grass. dog and	A black and white dog with a blue halter runs through the grass.
back a in look A arms into is woman face. they leaning as each man's the other	A woman is leaning back into a man's arms as they look each other in the face.
climbs face. sheer a cliff A man	A man climbs a sheer cliff face.
father A red kite. are and flying son a	A father and son are flying a red kite.
brown dog is and on gravel running a black people away two from and white A dog.	A white dog is running on gravel away from two people and a black and brown dog.
being football tackled. has jersey in orange and is the Boy	Boy in orange jersey has the football and is being tackled.
down the soccer team are A running girl players of chasing ball. the field	A team of girl soccer players are running down the field chasing the ball.
Tan a chasing ball. dog	Tan dog chasing a ball.
water. is the out of a walking and on leash is dog The	The dog is on a leash and is walking out of the water.
while in watch. runs bull an A arena people	A bull runs in an arena while people watch.
the scans offensive A him. quarterback the protects football line while field	A quarterback scans the football field while the offensive line protects him.
large large white A a at growling dog dog. black	A large white dog growling at a large black dog.
on player A the baseball field standing	A baseball player standing on the field
background. Two while little person with another the in adults dancing a standing boy	Two adults dancing with a little boy while another person standing in the background.
People city. through in a the garden middle walking of a	People walking through a garden in the middle of a city.
boy his huge carries a neck outside. snake around A	A boy carries a huge snake around his neck outside.
something hand. A take to jumps from up a dog woman's	A dog jumps up to take something from a woman's hand.
Two the a are people rock overlooking river. sitting on	Two people are sitting on a rock overlooking the river.
head the jumping the white walking in poodle a A poodle black on snow. of while	A black poodle jumping on the head of a white poodle while walking in the snow.
jumps hair catch A red with to toy. and a green long white dog	A white dog with long hair jumps to catch a red and green toy.
in swing playground. a child share a Two	Two child share a swing in a playground.
blurry yellow and girl on young a blue background. A a merry-go-round, with	A young girl on a blue and yellow merry-go-round, with a blurry background.
a water. through white some is A wearing moving collar, dog, brown and	A brown and white dog, wearing a collar, is moving through some water.
walk the people sand. out Two onto desert	Two people walk out onto the desert sand.
cart. a in Kid crown sitting a paper shopping wearing	Kid wearing a paper crown sitting in a shopping cart.
catch the into jumps ring. air A a dog to	A dog jumps into the air to catch a ring.
A walking down dog is steps.	A dog is walking down steps.
play a area. play in Two colorful toddles padded	Two toddles play in a colorful padded play area.
in of a bar. Men fighting front	Men fighting in front of a bar.
grass. watch bearer flower petals ring the girl hit the and A flower	A flower girl and ring bearer watch the flower petals hit the grass.
sit rocky atop in men red helmets Two cliff. a	Two men in red helmets sit atop a rocky cliff.
puppy shirt a bites boy. young of the A playful	A playful puppy bites the shirt of a young boy.
in is sitting turn wearing top. on mouse that dog front sitting black coat a on the in of man The is the the	The mouse is sitting on the dog that is in turn sitting on a coat in front of the man wearing the black top.
Sooners man A UW blocks an tackle. attempted a jersey in	A man in a Sooners jersey blocks an attempted UW tackle.
dog in a pool. into mid-leap A	A dog in mid-leap into a pool.
looks sit and shirt rocks red the out. the men Three hat sand on in the in while man	Three men sit on rocks in the sand while the man in the red hat and shirt looks out.
person fence. a near a walks	a person walks near a fence.
Children the edge into pool. a jump off	Children jump off the edge into a pool.
hiking a Five backpackers slope. along rocky	Five backpackers hiking along a rocky slope.
along path beside the a walk dogs grass. Two	Two dogs walk along a path beside the grass.
a lake. man A a is on canoe rowing	A man is rowing a canoe on a lake.
boy shirt is a his bike. doing red a flip A on jeans and wearing	A boy wearing a red shirt and jeans is doing a flip on his bike.
leaps water. dog black A into and white	A white and black dog leaps into water.
hay his takes from break A ball. the playing a with in doberman mix	A doberman mix takes a break in the hay from playing with his ball.
on. black yellow little hats a brooms a looks at while ball jackets swing dog in and Adults winter	Adults in winter jackets and hats swing brooms at a little yellow ball while a black dog looks on.
skateboards A ramp. on a boy	A boy skateboards on a ramp.
in woman dog her her rests with a paddle kayak over A head.	A woman in a kayak with dog rests her paddle over her head.
sculpture. shaving black a man A in ice	A man in black shaving a ice sculpture.
girl dress. the standing on young The wearing is pink a grass	The young girl standing on the grass is wearing a pink dress.
rolling back its dog a white on porch. A on	A white dog rolling on its back on a porch.
group people river crossing of a are a	a group of people are crossing a river
small one leaps bed another. from to boy A	A small boy leaps from one bed to another.
sits jacket Woman blue lake. a n on daft frozen horse near	Woman n blue jacket sits on daft horse near a frozen lake.
men Two in river. a are fishing	Two men are fishing in a river.
is man a a kissing woman.	a man is kissing a woman.
riding A snowboard a over a snowy goes person ramp.	A person riding a snowboard goes over a snowy ramp.
are gathered metal people frame. There around several or a stick	There are several people gathered around a stick or metal frame.
yellow young on A flip-flops wearing boulder. is sitting girl a large	A young girl wearing yellow flip-flops is sitting on a large boulder.
wall. of talk cement group near teenagers A a	A group of teenagers talk near a cement wall.
is progress. a game This in football	This is a football game in progress.
messy baby eating a very cake. A	A very messy baby eating a cake.
structure covers grass on begins through to a wade coastline. stone a A deep girl that	A girl begins to wade through deep grass that covers a stone structure on a coastline.
A wall. phone brick woman on the to a next	A woman on the phone next to a brick wall.
as battles water. man goes kayak his A yellow perpendicular the in waves the	A man battles the waves as his yellow kayak goes perpendicular in the water.
a child A placed of on swing a the out toward ground. jumping target	A child jumping out of a swing toward a target placed on the ground.
Four with people their dogs a in stand field.	Four people stand with their dogs in a field.
goes another number team, the after football play The Sooners 17 ball.	The Sooners play another football team, number 17 goes after the ball.
dancer city A starts break to spin.	A city break dancer starts to spin.
ski A the jumper air. is in	A ski jumper is in the air.
lady in while A red headphones. wearing boots walking	A lady walking in red boots while wearing headphones.
performers dancing. Many street are people watching	Many people are watching street performers dancing.
woman rides a a bridge. wearing down pink boa bicycle A a pedestrian	A woman wearing a pink boa rides a bicycle down a pedestrian bridge.
with harness background. A in a a in girl building bounces the	A girl bounces in a harness with a building in the background.
is coat girl stuffed holding wearing in a one animal A and little a winter hand.	A little girl is wearing a winter coat and holding a stuffed animal in one hand.
the is snow dog A camera standing watching the in	A dog is standing in the snow watching the camera
play Three kids some on bars.	Three kids play on some bars.
a is old man sitting on stone An bench.	An old man is sitting on a stone bench.
boy leaning ground over two is in the and a red football sweatshirt a holding a other On kids.	On the ground a boy in a red sweatshirt is leaning over holding a football and two other kids.
bite dog white a trying water and stream to of a black	a black and white dog trying to bite a stream of water
on slope. woman A a ski	A woman on a ski slope.
wearing Children horses in helmets ride ring. a	Children wearing helmets ride horses in a ring.
kids building a castle two sand	two kids building a sand castle
the camera. for pose cheerleaders	cheerleaders pose for the camera.
tucking while in A glove a baseball blue throwing close his body. yougn to baseball and uniform white his boy a	A yougn boy in a blue and white baseball uniform throwing a baseball while tucking his glove close to his body.
in a dinosaur. A boy little underwater a holding pool, plastic	A little boy underwater in a pool, holding a plastic dinosaur.
boat a waters. rough man paddling down A in yellow	A man in a yellow boat paddling down rough waters.
the board. ocean out she A girl into sand as her on with looks yellow stands the boogie	A girl looks out into the ocean as she stands on the sand with her yellow boogie board.
waits with The her lady bag. purse and	The lady waits with her purse and bag.
Girl rollerskates green cement. wearing on	Girl wearing green rollerskates on cement.
and orange A is jacket jogging. in red woman a glasses	A woman in a red jacket and orange glasses is jogging.
dog the running with A background trees in through snow	A dog running through snow with trees in the background
dark-haired in A boy white on bathrobe. little a chair his	A little dark-haired boy on a chair in his white bathrobe.
water. is in front dog off fur The of his the shaking	The dog is shaking off his fur in front of the water.
along little the as plays passes shoreline The by. girl seagull the	The little girl plays along the shoreline as the seagull passes by.
girl A woman are and wooden a on a bench wooden sitting little beside bear.	A woman and little girl are sitting on a wooden bench beside a wooden bear.
outdoor teenagers an table. from smile Some	Some teenagers smile from an outdoor table.
man hair hat woman's necklace. in the The brown holds the black	The man in the black hat holds the brown hair woman's necklace.
one surf play ocean and other the the brown the Two in black, water. shallow in dogs,	Two dogs, one brown and the other black, play in the surf in the shallow ocean water.
field the across its snowy in stick with a running mouth. playful A dog	A playful dog running across the snowy field with a stick in its mouth.
a older skiing man on day a down A clear mountain	A older man skiing down a mountain on a clear day
grass trees. are dogs house the near through and running a Two	Two dogs are running through the grass near a house and trees.
is motocross the a A doing jump man air. into	A man is doing a motocross jump into the air.
standing near huts. Three children	Three children standing near huts.
bucket. child child a through net a water a of and One running bucket another filling	One child running a net through a bucket of water and another child filling a bucket.
five basketball Number Miami. plays for	Number five plays basketball for Miami.
in tree woods. grey A a dog explores fallen the	A grey dog explores a fallen tree in the woods.
a crowded festival. at play in grass children outdoor	children play in grass at a crowded outdoor festival.
setting for action. young the some are camera up Two video adults	Two young adults are setting up the video camera for some action.
at outdoor A an festival clad crowd scantily of people	A crowd of scantily clad people at an outdoor festival
as grass. runs stick it small A the up in dogs ears	A small dogs ears stick up as it runs in the grass.
through near rocky run Three outcrop. dogs surf,	Three dogs run through surf, near rocky outcrop.
in crowd from while People stands sports watches on field white standing	People in white standing on sports field while crowd watches from stands
driving through splashes A while road on mud dirt car puddle. blue a a	A blue car splashes mud on a dirt road while driving through a puddle.
down man skis a A hill. snowy	A man skis down a snowy hill.
the The young enjoys girl slide.	The young girl enjoys the slide.
in carrying paint around a toy is orange his next. The face fish wearing boy	The boy wearing orange face paint is carrying a toy fish in around his next.
purple something holding dog brown its mouth. A and in black	A brown dog holding something purple and black in its mouth.
a woman black sunglasses. in holding A dress	A woman in a black dress holding sunglasses.
jumping The pool. dog into is a large swimming brown	The large brown dog is jumping into a swimming pool.
wearing rides her a brown The girl as and she is helmet bike. coat	The girl is wearing a brown coat and helmet as she rides her bike.
people of swimming in bunch A water.	A bunch of people swimming in water.
A steps skates near down pole. wearing boy sliding railing a concrete of	A boy wearing skates sliding down concrete railing of steps near a pole.
dog in and black A snow. a brown dog	A black dog and a brown dog in snow.
boy A onto jumping below. wall a table small a off of is brick	A small boy is jumping off of a brick wall onto a table below.
toy and with mouth in air the close open by a dog	dog with open mouth and a toy close by in the air
with dog enclosure. purple a jumping A growling collar inside is brown park a at dog brindle-coated	A brindle-coated dog is growling at a jumping brown dog with purple collar inside a park enclosure.
swimming shirt, in shorts pink dressed are that ribbon pink water. ducks a blue girl and hair A feeding in little a	A little girl dressed in a pink shirt, blue shorts and a pink hair ribbon feeding ducks that are swimming in water.
group people above A a soccer child of ball while their a holds head seated watch.	A child holds a soccer ball above their head while a group of seated people watch.
background man the air is a on a bicycle the in him. helmet while watch in people wearing A	A man wearing a helmet is on a bicycle in the air while people in the background watch him.
fire. playing A child with	A child playing with fire.
huge trying ring. a A boy is using blow to giant bubble a metal	A boy is trying to blow a huge bubble using a giant metal ring.
paws and covered dog's are face A in sand.	A dog's paws and face are covered in sand.
face duck red White with swimming	White duck with red face swimming
air. in the while is his on laying cyclist motorbike A	A cyclist is laying on his motorbike while in the air.
blue with a and shirt. glasses polo Child black	Child with black glasses and a blue polo shirt.
is a a man of wall. against boat that brick propped in sleeps lining A the	A man sleeps in the lining of a boat that is propped against a brick wall.
sticks traditional people with are red garb Chinese in two performing	two people in red traditional Chinese garb are performing with sticks
parking a with in Man a lot. jumping skateboard	Man jumping with a skateboard in a parking lot.
male road. a bicyclist A on mountain	A male bicyclist on a mountain road.
A through rides green bicyclist woods a the with shirt	A bicyclist with a green shirt rides through the woods
through is running the a dog white sand at A and black beach.	A black and white dog is running through the sand at a beach.
woman's in arms. baby cries a A	A baby cries in a woman's arms.
a runs in A dog field.	A dog runs in a field.
sandbox. girls make sandcastles in Two little a	Two little girls make sandcastles in a sandbox.
in laughs play while girl A little house. a playing	A little girl laughs while playing in a play house.
man plays A tennis.	A man plays tennis.
A a does painted off a near skateboarder ollie ramp colorfully building. an black	A skateboarder does an ollie off a black ramp near a colorfully painted building.
down surrounded man sandy a trees by a path walking and a woman	a man and a woman walking down a sandy path surrounded by trees
the near streetlights. dark walks A person in	A person walks in the dark near streetlights.
Three in playing a yard together. dogs	Three dogs playing in a yard together.
in something riding People snow. the	People riding something in the snow.
climbs girl little fence. A a	A little girl climbs a fence.
camera. for a smile Two the and women man	Two women and a man smile for the camera.
out A little the on her cake. candles girl blows	A little girl blows out the candles on her cake.
of giant snow. in a camera a hill front A with of kneels man	A man with a camera kneels in front of a giant hill of snow.
he Couple boat background. and a a with water rail metal int overlooking	Couple overlooking a metal rail with water and a boat int he background.
glasses from other an subway man in across are each Asian and a seated woman train. in A	A man in glasses and an Asian woman are seated across from each other in a subway train.
an obstacle to course. follow dog around hairy its A tries owner	A hairy dog tries to follow its owner around an obstacle course.
dog water. white by the The	The white dog by the water.
standing while each other a girls crowd. looking directions Two past different in are in	Two girls are looking past each other in different directions while standing in a crowd.
A dog jumping over black show hurdle. a jumps	A black dog jumps over a show jumping hurdle.
darkness. in concrete, stands a on the A shrowded little in girl puddle	A little girl stands in a puddle on the concrete, shrowded in darkness.
water. A the in sitting woman is	A woman is sitting in the water.
brown yard. playing a ball A dog is in	A brown dog is playing ball in a yard.
ground. A snowy dog the jumps across	A dog jumps across the snowy ground.
a playgroud in shirt green from girl equiment. down A hangs upside	A girl in a green shirt hangs upside down from playgroud equiment.
carrying shoulders. man his A on girl a	A man carrying a girl on his shoulders.
boys touch Young football. play	Young boys play touch football.
person with sprayed screen by hose. off dog Leaping	Leaping dog sprayed by off screen person with hose.
on denim walk Two children a runway. wearing	Two children wearing denim walk on a runway.
hat child child the green white is and the the with to The and brown jacket. hair red listening in	The child in the red and white hat is listening to the child with the brown hair and green jacket.
with is a There in a man walking square a bag paneled wall. black of front	There is a man walking with a bag in front of a black square paneled wall.
pier in off A diving large a a boy lake. backward	A boy diving backward off a pier in a large lake.
full racer through dim helmet speeds in bicycle forest. A a	A bicycle racer in full helmet speeds through a dim forest.
over upside holds down a A a pond. man boy	A man holds a boy upside down over a pond.
water. walks natural dog through A brown	A brown dog walks through natural water.
watch a game. People waving flags	People waving flags watch a game.
guy down A steps. something riding	A guy riding something down steps.
sits are while eating. they woman and dog between A a man a	A dog sits between a man and a woman while they are eating.
climbing a rock A beach. a wetsuit is a wearing man along	A man wearing a wetsuit is climbing a rock along a beach.
subway a station trackside train. by a at People	People trackside at a subway station by a train.
laughing Two girls within crowd. a	Two girls laughing within a crowd.
through runs A dog tan the snow. small	A small tan dog runs through the snow.
a through sweater wearing small and a snow. walks A dog backpack green	A small dog wearing a green sweater and a backpack walks through snow.
track. on are dirt racing Four a motorcycles	Four motorcycles are racing on a dirt track.
a grey dog leash. a long using grass the man on walking is A	A man is walking a grey dog on the grass using a long leash.
in wooded something area at distance. a stands looking two with in children A man the	A man stands with two children in a wooded area looking at something in the distance.
of military to says man American flags. waving hello group children a A	A military man says hello to a group of children waving American flags.
kayaker tumbles a over.	a kayaker tumbles over.
and people. glasses, wearing A sits a woman, room other in white, in with red and	A woman, in red and white, and wearing glasses, sits in a room with other people.
playing soccer field. little at A boy is a	A little boy is playing soccer at a field.
A moves player past team. from run shirt opposite in a to player soccer the a white	A soccer player in a white shirt moves to run past a player from the opposite team.
covered white a eye with a brown in dog runs field through grassy patch A over his dandelions.	A white dog with a brown patch over his eye runs through a grassy field covered in dandelions.
A sidewalk young plays on chalk by dropping it with the child gound.	A young child plays with sidewalk chalk by dropping it on the gound.
on A lying at blanket a a end of the boat. small Dog	A Dog lying on a blanket at the end of a small boat.
with and a blue is A dog outside. grey ball playing black	A black and grey dog is playing with a blue ball outside.
uniform the red A wearing gray to gloves left. a and football man looks	A man wearing a red football uniform and gray gloves looks to the left.
a A inside cart. boy sits shopping	A boy sits inside a shopping cart.
a black helmet a is with green rafting water A in man canoe. in	A man in black with a helmet is water rafting in a green canoe.
scarves long and skirts. with women head Three	Three women with head scarves and long skirts.
playing in is leaves. child the The	The child is playing in the leaves.
Brown while running mean dog looks	Brown dog looks mean while running
on the two trail dogs while are are from looking a in people woods Two them behind. at	Two dogs are on a trail in the woods while two people are looking at them from behind.
rocks. Someone a climbs	Someone climbs a rocks.
above a ramp. soars skateboarder A	A skateboarder soars above a ramp.
are woman wearing store. man and kimonos and are in The a standing	The man and woman are wearing kimonos and are standing in a store.
in man the holds A air. money	A man holds money in the air.
the forest. leaps in log the The dog over	The dog leaps over the log in the forest.
elderly small pacifier child women with sucking Two	Two elderly women with small child sucking pacifier
flowers. A man roses in a hides clothing camouflage bed of in and other	A man in camouflage clothing hides in a bed of roses and other flowers.
items. using kitchen on is The overturned child chopsticks	The child is using chopsticks on overturned kitchen items.
them. white behind ocean two dogs a with are and beach along the jumping running	two white dogs are running and jumping along a beach with the ocean behind them.
on a swings boy set. A swing	A boy swings on a swing set.
front fly around The little of car. silver making the spinning is hair her girl in	The little girl is spinning around making her hair fly in front of the silver car.
people play Dogs a in and pool.	Dogs and people play in a pool.
in next stands a A a red and store. of jeans front in a to column man jacket	A man in a red jacket and jeans stands next to a column in front of a store.
full dog The running through the meadow. is speed	The dog is running full speed through the meadow.
tie a does the on splits floor. outfit wood nice a man in Older and	Older man in a nice outfit and tie does the splits on a wood floor.
Two dogs fighting field. are in a	Two dogs are fighting in a field.
to woman masks and wear man pretend smoke A a cigars. and fake funny large,	A man and a woman wear funny masks and pretend to smoke large, fake cigars.
jacket. Dog in jumping onto yellow man a a	Dog jumping onto a man in a yellow jacket.
a bicycle a with the a pole in crowd background. jumping on over man horizontal A	A man on a bicycle jumping over a horizontal pole with a crowd in the background.
themselves cover boys bubbles. with little three	three little boys cover themselves with bubbles.
in and playing is A smiling playground. a boy little	A little boy is smiling and playing in a playground.
a running field. in Two are dogs	Two dogs are running in a field.
sand A plays near boy green with grass.	A boy plays with sand near green grass.
a another guy picture. does on A a takes a ramp skateboarder trick as	A skateboarder does a trick on a ramp as another guy takes a picture.
man a built using A a into are woman and wall. machine the	A man and a woman are using a machine built into the wall.
dressed in pink. people Two	Two people dressed in pink.
of the shakes water. after A off getting dog out	A dog shakes off after getting out of the water.
on young toy girl plays outside. a A colorful	A young girl plays on a colorful toy outside.
jumping dog of is water. A out black	A black dog is jumping out of water.
young down A slide girl a is playground. a sliding at	A young girl is sliding down a slide at a playground.
Three grassy and dogs a are playing set with brown outside background. area a play in the white in	Three white and brown dogs are playing outside in a grassy area with a play set in the background.
water white shirt. the from the poured person The little onto a bucket in girl	The little girl poured water from a bucket onto the person in the white shirt.
and man camera. leather off something jacket points A shirt a striped at in	A man in a leather jacket and striped shirt points at something off camera.
girl rope A bridge little the a at in pink park. climbs	A little girl in pink climbs a rope bridge at the park.
a pulling small out a A pit child ball man of	A man pulling a small child out of a ball pit
dog its rolling mouth grass the back wide The open. on on its with is	The dog is rolling on its back on the grass with its mouth wide open.
shines another man railing on A while down a him. a light slides	A man slides down a railing while another shines a light on him.
with at man is at A sitting a looking table. a headphones while computer on screen	A man with headphones on is looking at a computer screen while sitting at a table.
window. female There their laptops two and at of a and front looking sitting one in down are men	There are two men and one female sitting down and looking at their laptops in front of a window.
Young with girl playing streamers.	Young girl playing with streamers.
red press. a woman an tracksuit A lemons in squeezing in	A woman in an red tracksuit squeezing lemons in a press.
in each with A a ladle metal hand. posing boy is	A boy is posing with a metal ladle in each hand.
with pasts mouth. running fence a dog shaped a in is its wire mesh black blue toy a bone	a black dog is running pasts a wire mesh fence with a blue bone shaped toy in its mouth.
Two uniforms. dressed girls are in karate white little	Two little girls are dressed in white karate uniforms.
near Woman running dogs water. two with	Woman running with two dogs near water.
Two standing together. wearing men eyeglasses	Two men wearing eyeglasses standing together.
of a young bag. something A black jacket fabric a in out pulls boy blue	A young boy in a blue jacket pulls something black out of a fabric bag.
Mohawk A boy plays blue violin. with the a	A boy with a blue Mohawk plays the violin.
sitting girl on on A the is a wall phone talking while	A girl is talking on the phone while sitting on a wall
dog grass. with orange A withering vest running beige on	A beige dog with orange vest running on withering grass.
dogs beach. Two on a running are	Two dogs are running on a beach.
a chasing A is lady after boy. little	A lady is chasing after a little boy.
boy A underwater pool. is in swimming young a	A young boy is underwater in a swimming pool.
Dogs in creek. play	Dogs play in creek.
swimmer cap wearing black a surfaces air. A for	A swimmer wearing a black cap surfaces for air.
match. martial a in arts women participate Two	Two women participate in a martial arts match.
the watch concert. at Adoring the girls singer	Adoring girls watch the singer at the concert.
Two fishing their holding poles. men	Two men holding their fishing poles.
A red dog to in catch a the Frisbee yard. jumps	A dog jumps to catch a red Frisbee in the yard.
jar. eating out butter peanut a of A dog is	A dog is eating peanut butter out of a jar.
People obstacle. a rock up crawl steep	People rock crawl up a steep obstacle.
with and girl white park. is completely swinging a shirt brown a in little hair A upside down almost	A little girl with a white shirt and brown hair is swinging almost completely upside down in a park.
woman Elderly parka pan handling in yellow	Elderly woman in yellow parka pan handling
dog through snow. tan balck a and running the	a balck and tan dog running through the snow.
Applebee's street-shot Dave An of opposite and restaurants. Buster's side and	An opposite side street-shot of Applebee's and Dave and Buster's restaurants.
his shakes head. dog A	A dog shakes his head.
running A is course. dog agility through an lady her	A lady is running her dog through an agility course.
to the hard white payfully. see is as runs in dog The it snow	The white dog is hard to see in the snow as it runs payfully.
the does bend on beach. back girl a A	A girl does a back bend on the beach.
rock on stands off a A girl jumps it. another while	A girl jumps off a rock while another stands on it.
A woman boy headdress is blue. in wearing a a holding little	A woman in a headdress is holding a little boy wearing blue.
through the trots a snow. small girl	a small girl trots through the snow.
dog A is off black shaking water.	A black dog is shaking off water.
and looks at tongue out. and A his boy sticks brown camera green with the young eyes hair	A young boy with brown hair and green eyes looks at the camera and sticks his tongue out.
a A rock with white helmet is climber repelling.	A rock climber with a white helmet is repelling.
at child. standing a A holding man beach pail, the next a to	A man at the beach holding a pail, standing next to a child.
in girl purple walks pink. alley, followed girl dressed a the through by in The	The girl dressed in purple walks through the alley, followed by a girl in pink.
from bags two is little girl shopping carrying A Zara.	A little girl is carrying two shopping bags from Zara.
fight. hockey A	A hockey fight.
in A field stands a sunflowers. young in of child path a	A young child stands in a path in a field of sunflowers.
has coming stick. it a water A the dog up as head its from holds	A dog has its head coming up from the water as it holds a stick.
child food of colored shirt off in licking yellow a brightly is mans A cheek. a	A child in a yellow shirt is licking brightly colored food off of a mans cheek.
white the stick large dog across very snow. The brown a and carries	The brown and white dog carries a very large stick across the snow.
two camels the beach. ride at People	People ride two camels at the beach.
in boy park. A helmet young a and riding wearing a bike a	A young boy wearing a helmet and riding a bike in a park.
dresses Two blue girls in dance.	Two girls in blue dresses dance.
in Woman vendor. a from buying coat street red something	Woman in red coat buying something from a street vendor.
tug with A small dog a larger dog playing	A small dog playing tug with a larger dog
Two dogs outside. rough brown house	Two brown dogs rough house outside.
A boat. and man onto holds a on rope a smiles	A man smiles and holds onto a rope on a boat.
street. man A stands bald snowy in side a	A bald man stands in a snowy side street.
shepherd running is German through snow. the A	A German shepherd is running through the snow.
and on front building. of A sits woman the stoop reads her	A woman sits and reads on the front stoop of her building.
scarf boardwalk. head down with walks her A on wooden a a woman	A woman with a scarf on her head walks down a wooden boardwalk.
in Large and small sand dog dog	Large dog and small dog in sand
A man apparantly laughing. and woman are	A man and woman are apparantly laughing.
artist face during another's One kicks martial competition. a	One martial artist kicks another's face during a competition.
man on shirt striped wall. a with on skateboarding black young a a	a young man with a black striped shirt on skateboarding on a wall.
hand. goal of his kneeling male a front hockey with right A stick a in young hockey in	A young male kneeling in front of a hockey goal with a hockey stick in his right hand.
girl with on along The big the playing is images the screen.	The girl is playing along with the images on the big screen.
people porch. on a standing Two	Two people standing on a porch.
in dogs the running snow. white Two	Two white dogs running in the snow.
Two winter a black posing clothes with for on. males are picture	Two black males are posing for a picture with winter clothes on.
does on skateboard man a A tricks young ramp.	A young man does skateboard tricks on a ramp.
dog shaking off ocean by water the	dog shaking off water by the ocean
outside. and talks to red with A eyebrows red hair someone bright woman	A woman with bright red hair and red eyebrows talks to someone outside.
down four night a walk sidewalk at people	four people walk down a sidewalk at night
child balanced wooden shirt railings. the the striped The in between	The child in the striped shirt balanced between the wooden railings.
dogs nearby. person kneels a in while Three grassy field stand a	Three dogs stand in a grassy field while a person kneels nearby.
buckets. hand standing with him someone in in washes boy clothing water beside while small something muddy A his near	A small boy standing near muddy water with something in his hand while someone beside him washes clothing in buckets.
maple running paved near Dog down Japanese a walkway tree.	Dog running down paved walkway near a Japanese maple tree.
an People rink. ice skating using outdoor	People using an outdoor ice skating rink.
A at sunset. silhouette figure parachuting of a	A silhouette of a figure parachuting at sunset.
mouth. is catch The chicken its dog black in into jumping a the to rubber pool	The black dog is jumping into the pool to catch a rubber chicken in its mouth.
dance together. dancers two	two dancers dance together.
grey man person and green and black sitting standing in shirt on floor. on tan bench A	A person sitting on tan bench and man in green shirt standing on black and grey floor.
desert. girl tree is in little The pink the in running the a shirt under	The little girl in the pink shirt is running under a tree in the desert.
Two close are together while sitting something. reaching for babies	Two babies are sitting close together while reaching for something.
while speaks at A a another head his in a suit touches microphone. man	A man in a suit touches his head while another speaks at a microphone.
over vault. A bar herself the pole during a athlete woman launching	A woman athlete launching herself over the bar during a pole vault.
hitting A player the tennis ball.	A tennis player hitting the ball.
chewing branch. a is dog on A big	A dog is chewing on a big branch.
jumps dog a pool A a into after toy. swimming	A dog jumps into a swimming pool after a toy.
hallway. a through plant women atrium covered walk Three	Three women walk through a plant covered atrium hallway.
to boy A hit with his jumping racket a tennis ball	A boy jumping to hit a tennis ball with his racket
of ramp Bmx off Jumps biker	Bmx biker Jumps off of ramp
on area. a in trampoline, children Four covered a snow	Four children on a trampoline, in a snow covered area.
folding with Some and people in dog a chairs. park a	Some people in a park with a dog and folding chairs.
a races motorcycle on man track. a blue A	A man races a blue motorcycle on a track.
people bike go Two dirt racing.	Two people go dirt bike racing.
other the Two each snowy dogs across chase ground.	Two dogs chase each other across the snowy ground.
man on his a A bike. sign jumping	A man jumping a sign on his bike.
while are the is running running both The the after grass. Shepherd dog German dog white on they	The German Shepherd dog is running after the white dog while they both are running on the grass.
pushed laying face on ground by boy. the boy down a another is being skateboard the along	the boy laying face down on a skateboard is being pushed along the ground by another boy.
boys on three boy rail One a skateboarding and watching.	One boy skateboarding on a rail and three boys watching.
in background. with the man shirt stands a no A stage wearing fire on	A man wearing no shirt stands on a stage with fire in the background.
on riding bicycles A flags. people of carrying group double black	A group of people riding double on bicycles carrying black flags.
A parachute some sand. over	A parachute over some sand.
A bald water. shallow eagle stands in	A bald eagle stands in shallow water.
A is a down coming skier hill.	A skier is coming down a hill.
river. down their the kayaks Some ride people	Some people ride their kayaks down the river.
a surfboarder to A catch prepares wave.	A surfboarder prepares to catch a wave.
a pole. man casting fishing A	A man casting a fishing pole.
in inside tunnel. a A girl young	A young girl in inside a tunnel.
the in jumps squirrel snow. A	A squirrel jumps in the snow.
people rodeo. a Three bull at wrestle a with	Three people wrestle with a bull at a rodeo.
dog beside A walking white a bicycler.	A white dog walking beside a bicycler.
storm. a the reflecting city are in street evening Lights during a off rain	Lights are reflecting off a city street in the evening during a rain storm.
A steps. near runs boy some	A boy runs near some steps.
in mouths. grass their tall walking a dogs branch Two carrying through tree	Two dogs walking through tall grass carrying a tree branch in their mouths.
is frame. middle the pink A little a jacket in the of in girl	A little girl in a pink jacket is in the middle of the frame.
door. wooden of front are large playing soccer Some children in a	Some children are playing soccer in front of a large wooden door.
laugh girls talk and Two together.	Two girls talk and laugh together.
the a of talk sit storefront Men cafe. and at	Men sit and talk at the storefront of a cafe.
on leash sidewalk on another a dog follows. the dog while A walks	A dog on a leash walks on the sidewalk while another dog follows.
top mountain. of Skiiers on a	Skiiers on top of a mountain.
running a A bases boy the game. is in around baseball	A boy is running around the bases in a baseball game.
the on couple street. embrace The	The couple embrace on the street.
towards and heels looking dresses people. wearing other Ladies pink	Ladies wearing pink dresses and heels looking towards other people.
colorfully bicycle. ridding a Two people decorated	Two people ridding a colorfully decorated bicycle.
waves. dog with a breaking along walks A beach	A dog walks along a beach with breaking waves.
and with A campsite tables. tents picnic	A campsite with tents and picnic tables.
A on and runs dog white brown grass. brownish	A brown and white dog runs on brownish grass.
purple girl A while is candy. is dress hanging railing holding a a a street and blue on near	A girl is a blue and purple dress is hanging on a railing near a street while holding candy.
same the doing begins A to a knee another pulled a man boat while behind is fall. board on	A man is pulled behind a boat on a knee board while another doing the same begins to fall.
crawling toy. a inside Baby	Baby crawling inside a toy.
Little ducks. feeds the girl	Little girl feeds the ducks.
dogs in the Two black snow.	Two black dogs in the snow.
girls Two pit. in with playing ball young plastic a balls are	Two young girls are playing with plastic balls in a ball pit.
distance. looks the off basketball Miami player in A	A Miami basketball player looks off in the distance.
stares backpack into fog. with Hiker yellow	Hiker with yellow backpack stares into fog.
the A runs through black woods. dog brown and	A black and brown dog runs through the woods.
dog over in a runs leaves. the A stick	A dog runs over a stick in the leaves.
dog an A obstacle course guiding is around brown woman a	A woman is guiding a brown dog around an obstacle course
is blue woman riding A a in a bicycle park.	A woman is riding a blue bicycle in a park.
embrace Three and sing. young men	Three young men embrace and sing.
inside sunlight a rock in surface. from while pose cavern Spelunkers the bathed	Spelunkers pose inside a rock cavern while bathed in sunlight from the surface.
is bagpipe. playing in A a costume woman	A woman in costume is playing a bagpipe.
Dane backyard a running in the toward camera great a black	a black great Dane running toward the camera in a backyard
A a in beer holds a shirt jacket person white red man follows. while a a wearing	A person wearing a red jacket holds a beer while a man in a white shirt follows.
A riding their a person woods. is bike next to trail on the	A person is riding their bike on a trail next to the woods.
young in boys. a man poses two A with costume	A man in a costume poses with two young boys.
another a and woman sit behind the man man. first A a desk, stands man at	A man and a woman sit at a desk, another man stands behind the first man.
running to a Frisbee. Two are catch men	Two men are running to catch a Frisbee.
A rapids. paddling is whitewater in man	A man is paddling in whitewater rapids.
in park stripy a some bushes. is front in playing boy shirt grassy ball of a a with in soccer a	a boy in a stripy shirt is playing with a soccer ball in a grassy park in front of some bushes.
grass. the something to dog in A catch ready gets	A dog gets ready to catch something in the grass.
sand jumping A is a red in in boy pit. playground	A boy in red is jumping in a playground sand pit.
yard. dogs running white Two a playing and in grassy	Two white dogs running and playing in a grassy yard.
the jumping A dog water is into	A dog is jumping into the water
The a play in a puddle boys young on day. two comfortable	The two young boys play in a puddle on a comfortable day.
one clothed is box person in A fishing a the the and standing tackle hand fully pole in ocean in other. holding a	A person is standing in the ocean fully clothed holding a fishing pole in one hand and a tackle box in the other.
A is man a wearing backpack a rock. climbing	A man wearing a backpack is climbing a rock.
look of and is body slab girl on standing A a camera. twisting the up at painted her cement to	A girl is standing on a painted slab of cement and twisting her body to look up at the camera.
of covered naked A in woman in front a crowd mud	A naked woman covered in mud in front of a crowd
is boy The into swimming the jumping pool.	The boy is jumping into the swimming pool.
people set Two old of holding walk hands. stairs, down a	Two old people walk down a set of stairs, holding hands.
bike the riding are of riders A street. group on	A group of bike riders are riding on the street.
some street A bridge a light cars. and with cyclist lit	A street light lit bridge with a cyclist and some cars.
A in snow. takes hat blue photo a wearing the person a	A person wearing a blue hat takes a photo in the snow.
playing boys Three the in mud.	Three boys playing in the mud.
a leaning a a woman on wall. with street man bag on A stands a near	A woman with a bag stands on a street near a man leaning on a wall.
sticking ride. young his a while out in riding tongue is boy the The orange shirt	The young boy in the orange shirt is sticking his tongue out while riding a ride.
little girl her The is after ball. soccer chasing pink	The little girl is chasing after her pink soccer ball.
Three walkway. green stone fight on toy a a dogs for chew	Three dogs fight for a green chew toy on a stone walkway.
chases pass a man dog the a area. to A play to enter barrier trying	A man chases a dog trying to pass the barrier to enter a play area.
dog is on on slipper. black tugging a The tan and a rug,	The black and tan dog is on a rug, tugging on a slipper.
returns dog with stick The proudly. his small	The small dog returns with his stick proudly.
water green in turn A a sprinkler and in takes a others wetsuit wait. group boy of his a	A boy in a green wetsuit takes his turn in a water sprinkler and a group of others wait.
photograph. man displays A a	A man displays a photograph.
up on cellphone football game. red man holds a of in A the sidelines	A man in red holds up a cellphone on the sidelines of football game.
barrier. person jumps a A onto	A person jumps onto a barrier.
background. the fire people engine in with group of A a	A group of people with a fire engine in the background.
Child snow-covered branch. a snowy standing down tree in a landscape pulling	Child standing in a snowy landscape pulling down a snow-covered tree branch.
standing woman expressionless. A	A woman standing expressionless.
orange. next The the dog standing wall to by is the black	The black dog is standing by the wall next to the orange.
a on woman in brick a cellphone. a wall dress of black crouching front A talking in	A woman in a black dress crouching in front of a brick wall talking on a cellphone.
drink taking hockey A a goalie Gatorade. of	A hockey goalie taking a drink of Gatorade.
Two cutting giant underneath boys tree. a stand a in	Two boys stand in a cutting underneath a giant tree.
in a standing people setting of front of A group sun.	A group of people standing in front of a setting sun.
a bike. her strange rides girls A outfit in	A girls in a strange outfit rides her bike.
a to sitting black the pacifier. baby next is dog sucking The	The baby sitting next to the black dog is sucking a pacifier.
leaps white another black watches. A dog while for flying a and one disc	A black and white dog leaps for a flying disc while another one watches.
a children Two play a day. in sunny balloon on with mud	Two children play with a balloon in mud on a sunny day.
A helmet holding in cellphone. a a man	A man in a helmet holding a cellphone.
person ocean A the the beside on sunset. at beach	A person on the beach beside the ocean at sunset.
green a shirt wall. climbs indoor A an climbing man in	A man in a green shirt climbs an indoor climbing wall.
on his catches board. a big but wave surfer The stays	The surfer catches a big wave but stays on his board.
a white running. collar A is with dog	A white dog with a collar is running.
drummer players storefront. three outside saxophones A and a	A drummer and three saxophones players outside a storefront.
over bike man a A bmx a train on jumps	A man on a bmx bike jumps over a train
Sheltie through woman competition course. a a obstacle walking A with	A woman walking with a Sheltie through a competition obstacle course.
an gliders are craft Two their in open field. practicing para	Two para gliders are practicing their craft in an open field.
cobblestone on road. dogs a Three are	Three dogs are on a cobblestone road.
her with little the A on her girl dog in woods. poses bike	A little girl poses on her bike with her dog in the woods.
fence. jumps boy A a behind	A boy jumps behind a fence.
two A background. others hall in in empty an boy the young with	A young boy in an empty hall with two others in the background.
with blond is dress a jumping wearing and hair up. girl curly Little yellow	Little girl with blond curly hair and wearing a yellow dress is jumping up.
picture front man of takes man of another young Young in church.	Young man takes picture of another young man in front of church.
woman The to juice is squeezing make drinks.	The woman is squeezing juice to make drinks.
Two fence at look a a red horses child a wearing sweatshirt. over	Two horses look over a fence at a child wearing a red sweatshirt.
are Two jerseys red kids soccer. in playing	Two kids in red jerseys are playing soccer.
sidewalk and smoking a cigarette. guitar playing Man an electric a on	Man playing an electric guitar on a sidewalk and smoking a cigarette.
laugh. two children	two children laugh.
decorated box little holds on cardboard a boy A his head.	A little boy holds a decorated cardboard box on his head.
a a ball are Two of dogs front in soccer playground. chasing	Two dogs are chasing a soccer ball in front of a playground.
slope. pants a yellow goes A skier down in	A skier in yellow pants goes down a slope.
boy leaps Young swing a from	Young boy leaps from a swing
vehicle large puddle. drives a through A mud	A large vehicle drives through a mud puddle.
back around rolling its in on the grass. Dog	Dog on its back rolling around in the grass.
in sits squirrel the straight up grass. The	The squirrel sits straight up in the grass.
bench taking man sun. protecting sitting nap an a the on park umbrella a him A with from open up	A man sitting up taking a nap on a park bench with an open umbrella protecting him from the sun.
of flowers. a A through yellow white runs field dog	A white dog runs through a field of yellow flowers.
dog in field with a Frisbee. a A	A dog in a field with a Frisbee.
large a person mountain. down covered very skiing A snow	A person skiing down a very large snow covered mountain.
black running dogs Two	Two black dogs running
lavish street. the Two people on standing in costumes	Two people in lavish costumes standing on the street.
man fire, obscured fence. a by breathing A	A man breathing fire, obscured by a fence.
in a of lane ahead race running them. with starting Two position people long are field	Two people are in running race starting position with a long lane field ahead of them.
woman on waves from a hanging camera. rope at a A harness the	A woman on a harness hanging from a rope waves at the camera.
and Black white boxing. man	Black and white man boxing.
dog brown a black runs. and	a black and brown dog runs.
it in two pumpkins with wagon boy pushing	boy pushing wagon with two pumpkins in it
football mouthguards. Young with players	Young football players with mouthguards.
two boardwalk. a near sand dogs run the across	two dogs run across the sand near a boardwalk.
over water. A the flies pelican	A pelican flies over the water.
orange in A boy appears jacket unhappy. an	A boy in an orange jacket appears unhappy.
white greyhound and track. is a yellow running wearing on a jacket A black	A white greyhound wearing a yellow and black jacket is running on a track.
mountain. people Two the peak at stand of a	Two people stand at the peak of a mountain.
notes. lady The is taking	The lady is taking notes.
with plays boy an with A bottle a girl. older	A boy with a bottle plays with an older girl.
scruffy meeting the A a black golden snow. Doberman dog in	A scruffy golden dog meeting a black Doberman in the snow.
cyclist midair a in A jump.	A cyclist in a midair jump.
and softball girl pitching red a a at jersey in a game. The is	The girl is in a red jersey and pitching a softball at a game.
poses a in man of A front run down house	A man poses in front of a run down house
game. at&t white man at wearing a shirt A headphone a an is wearing	A man wearing a white shirt is wearing an at&t headphone at a game.
truck. the behind child in A wearing red boots splashing pink a puddle is	A child wearing pink boots is splashing in a puddle behind the red truck.
on A dog the white beach. walking	A white dog walking on the beach.
numbers in with track. on a race a Two run greyhounds	Two greyhounds with numbers run in a race on a track.
is toddler little pants the road. blue on crawling A in	A little toddler in blue pants is crawling on the road.
black and wears a with blue small A winter sunglasses gear child hat.	A small child with winter gear wears black sunglasses and a blue hat.
says a is sand heart Man with with on mound up. face of open water spraying covering that white a on drawn	Man with white covering on is face spraying water on a mound of sand with a heart drawn that says open up.
and dogs jump. a A man while watch three holds stick	A man holds a stick while three dogs watch and jump.
the in boy the black the in grabbing One a flag the is football. red shirt boy of shirt with	One boy in a black shirt is grabbing the flag of the boy in the red shirt with the football.
a man A park. skate at rollerblading	A man rollerblading at a skate park.
7. driving Man car race number	Man driving race car number 7.
a left scene with highway the busy woman a on a crosswalk crossing	a busy highway scene with a woman crossing a crosswalk on the left
a snakeskin A woman purple climbs pants in rock.	A woman in purple snakeskin pants climbs a rock.
Three dance Asian a kids on. while looks man	Three Asian kids dance while a man looks on.
black shorts shorts man white and in in A black boxing. man white a	A black man in white shorts and a white man in black shorts boxing.
and sandy behind her. the bikini huge a a in beach with girl A walks clouds along beach	A girl in a bikini walks along the beach with huge clouds and a sandy beach behind her.
A as she down pole attempts woman vaulter the upside vault.	A woman pole vaulter upside down as she attempts the vault.
with a by. as sitting people walk Woman bench on drink alone	Woman sitting alone with drink on a bench as people walk by.
at stands a man coat the A wearing of mountain. yellow a peak	A man wearing a yellow coat stands at the peak of a mountain.
stands the on below. monkey the child brown is bars, white The while in in one	The child in white is on the monkey bars, while the one in brown stands below.
of in running Dog two brown white cows. front and	Dog running in front of two white and brown cows.
children in stream group a a of playing	a group of children playing in a stream
on a campfire Three dark in front prairie of people lounge a	Three people lounge on a dark prairie in front of a campfire
boy around is little behind of the A running benches a in grass row blond	A little blond boy is running around in the grass behind a row of benches
near is body dog of a walking water. A	A dog is walking near a body of water.
a people rugby in game. Young uniform in are playing	Young people in uniform are playing in a rugby game.
SUV Two standing men an a near Arab in at traditional in desert. car wave the dress	Two men in traditional Arab dress standing near a car wave at an SUV in the desert.
kayaking waterfall. a down A small person	A person kayaking down a small waterfall.
together. two play dogs	two dogs play together.
black wall the behind. walks rock A on sand wet with a dog	A wet black dog walks on the sand with a rock wall behind.
at growling other. each bears Two are	Two bears are growling at each other.
jumping bike. a A man his something t-shirt black in on is orange	A man in a black t-shirt is jumping something on his orange bike.
woman in standing front and man sunglasses. A of a bushes wearing are	A woman and a man are standing in front of bushes wearing sunglasses.
a on Women sidewalk. wait	Women wait on a sidewalk.
long, in her lake. hair swings wet A a girl	A girl swings her long, wet hair in a lake.
in a with onlookers Frisbee dog the A background. catching	A dog catching a Frisbee with onlookers in the background.
while young clothes step. dressed in carpeted sitting formal Two boys a on fight red	Two young boys dressed in formal clothes fight while sitting on a red carpeted step.
A on grass. running black dog,	A black dog, running on grass.
for she ride shade. and goes the helmet red A blue a in woman a shirt bike wears as	A woman wears a red helmet and blue shirt as she goes for a bike ride in the shade.
with A orange bird drinks a water. bill long	A bird with a long orange bill drinks water.
air board the skateboarder in flipping his while A	A skateboarder in the air while flipping his board
men bottom area. set in of pose steps a metropolitain of Two the at a	Two men pose at the bottom of a set of steps in a metropolitain area.
front a on some in is white of man in a players. walking A field shirt football	A man in a white shirt is walking on a football field in front of some players.
Skydivers formation. in	Skydivers in formation.
one Children kicking playing the the ball. process in of soccer,	Children playing soccer, one in the process of kicking the ball.
boy in stands white a little A an R.V. shirt jeans and in	A little boy in a white shirt and jeans stands in an R.V.
of middle group in players of the football field. huddled a the together	a group of football players huddled together in the middle of the field.
the dogs a through with on together trail Two large walking leaves ground.	Two large dogs walking together through a trail with leaves on the ground.
ridden small is a kayak waterfall. blue being The over	The blue kayak is being ridden over a small waterfall.
jumped into pool. a has A dog just swimming black	A black dog has just jumped into a swimming pool.
with boy surfing young A shirt on a black surfboard. a red	A young boy with a red shirt surfing on a black surfboard.
chasing baseball. a A boy	A boy chasing a baseball.
open with dog in and Brown air mouth running. ears	Brown dog with mouth open and ears in air running.
arms around Two and woman with a other. their each men	Two men and a woman with their arms around each other.
down crowded pink a sidewalk. with purse woman A a walks	A woman with a pink purse walks down a crowded sidewalk.
guys jumping Two a into pool.	Two guys jumping into a pool.
a to ball. brown catch A and blue trying dog black	A black and brown dog trying to catch a blue ball.
street. city a Two a follow down man children	Two children follow a man down a city street.
pictures. a theme underneath wall some standing man to is a aged next white catholic middle	a middle aged man is standing next to a white wall underneath some catholic theme pictures.
squats with A fierce bare beside his a on man on a furry expression dog. face skateboard a chested	A bare chested man with a fierce expression on his face squats on a skateboard beside a furry dog.
of deep cliff sits A valley. overlooking the a man a edge on	A man sits on the edge of a cliff overlooking a deep valley.
water. brown A white in dog with spots standing	A white dog with brown spots standing in water.
the dog down road. A leaps	A dog leaps down the road.
A a on dog the river girder in a with bank background.	A dog on a girder with a river bank in the background.
can a in watering person with homemade shower a bathes a green	a person bathes in a homemade shower with a green watering can
in wearing goggles. a A shark pool is child	A child is in a pool wearing shark goggles.
women say hugs Two " with signs Free ". that	Two women with signs that say " Free hugs ".
man tricks bicycle. on doing A a	A man doing tricks on a bicycle.
post. Boys a goal soccer near play	Boys play soccer near a goal post.
orange around standing in suit in men A vests man two a and	A man in a suit and two men in orange vests standing around
mountain top hiker of view A the beautiful woman stopped a at with a	A woman hiker stopped at the top of a mountain with a beautiful view
a Two stoop, reading. European dress women drinking, the traditional sit in one on other	Two women in traditional European dress sit on a stoop, one drinking, the other reading.
A item are yarn of pulling and girls of girls in type on a some bag. group two	A group of girls and two are pulling on some type of yarn item in a girls bag.
shirt Two young black khaki girl a cheering. wearing a cheerleaders with tie	Two young girl cheerleaders wearing a khaki shirt with a black tie cheering.
ring. through dog A a jumping	A dog jumping through a ring.
tire beard. a The at used white man shop has the	The man at the used tire shop has a white beard.
through A dirt foliage of along walking an heavy is path. area a dog	A dog is walking through an area of heavy foliage along a dirt path.
a sticks " wood paneled to P toddler A letters " paper wall.	A toddler sticks paper " P " letters to a wood paneled wall.
silhouette large A man overlooking a of a valley.	A silhouette of a man overlooking a large valley.
runs A wild through desert. dog the	A wild dog runs through the desert.
are mouth, large tall one black with through ball in running a dogs, grass. Two its	Two large black dogs, one with a ball in its mouth, are running through tall grass.
a traffic light, A stands waiting to cross at man the street.	A man stands at a traffic light, waiting to cross the street.
boy fast tire in swing. swinging Little	Little boy swinging fast in tire swing.
snow in jumping at dog the edge A forest of the the	A dog jumping in the snow at the edge of the forest
leaning The a tree. against is man	The man is leaning against a tree.
treads dog sticks in water the white its mouth. with A	A white dog treads the water with sticks in its mouth.
in a shop. Africans pose outside shawls blue for picture and Two a red barber	Two Africans in red and blue shawls pose for a picture outside a barber shop.
mountains. Rocky	Rocky mountains.
boys hold pool. young Three blue as the hands they into jump	Three young boys hold hands as they jump into the blue pool.
handstand green jacket doing child in A grass. on red a a	A child in a red jacket doing a handstand on green grass.
man An of is book a shelf. old a at in sleeping table front	An old man is sleeping at a table in front of a book shelf.
A brown dog into water. the leaps	A brown dog leaps into the water.
man Old kid drive. teaching little to	Old man teaching little kid to drive.
the beside a A grass on walking dog fence. is brown	A brown dog is walking on the grass beside a fence.
carring of ball Three are one they covered the mud. playing them are in men rugby is	Three men are playing rugby one of them is carring the ball they are covered in mud.
a Young man doing on jump a skateboard. trick	Young man doing a trick jump on a skateboard.
stump girl woods. a A the on tree squats in little	A little girl squats on a tree stump in the woods.
a baseball. baseball swings at A player	A baseball player swings at a baseball.
jumping of their in front no in bike person the leaves. A trees woods with	A person jumping their bike in the woods in front of trees with no leaves.
to lined are kids a race. in race tricycle Little up	Little kids are lined up to race in a tricycle race.
to a a man boy. a fish gives	a man gives a fish to a boy.
shirt a A man waterfalls. by a surrounded into yellow lake two wearing jumps	A man wearing a yellow shirt jumps into a lake surrounded by two waterfalls.
is A orange around riding person a unicycle cones.	A person is riding a unicycle around orange cones.
team has the men's the basketball Miami five of Number ball. of University	Number five of the University of Miami men's basketball team has the ball.
A wearing stands yellow shirt two person between waterfalls. a	A person wearing a yellow shirt stands between two waterfalls.
yellow black a lab dog. a in A a in with mother while red a child and play sweater brown a slide, descends shirt a	A yellow lab descends a slide, while a mother in a red sweater and a child in a black shirt play with a brown dog.
opens catch his A piece of dog mouth brown food. to a	A brown dog opens his mouth to catch a piece of food.
children awards. The up hold	The children hold up awards.
a hat. pink in picture is Woman taking a baby a of	Woman is taking a picture of a baby in a pink hat.
a swing tire the park. a Two snow in in children at	Two children swing in a tire in the snow at a park.
in wall vine front with people standing flower overhead covered of red Two	Two people standing in front of vine covered wall with red flower overhead
a boy is car. in car sitting A the a in of seat backseat	A boy is sitting in a car seat in the backseat of a car.
a wearing has is brown an shirt. and black man curly The hair, apple, eating	The man has curly brown hair, is eating an apple, and wearing a black shirt.
front jacket poses picture for white a of lighthouse. Girl a in in red	Girl in red jacket poses for a picture in front of a white lighthouse.
Two watching the basketball players ball.	Two basketball players watching the ball.
green kayak in in Two the boys are a young grass.	Two young boys are in a green kayak in the grass.
a attempting block Brian goalie by Hockey Nugent shot to	Hockey goalie attempting to block a shot by Brian Nugent
churning kayaker paddles through rapids. A	A kayaker paddles through churning rapids.
A shirt. woman a wearing a a drink is hugged being man holding black by	A man holding a drink is being hugged by a woman wearing a black shirt.
rubber big with big, a wearing chains. down A brown, boots man is of machine sitting	A man wearing big, brown, rubber boots is sitting down of a machine with big chains.
a water. A and off dock into leaps the dog	A dog leaps off a dock and into the water.
shirt green behind small Someone a in dog. a running	Someone in a green shirt running behind a small dog.
Cheerleaders girl in throw air.	Cheerleaders throw girl in air.
man dancing A in on front street a crowd. the of	A man dancing on the street in front of a crowd.
game. ball during Two fighting girls over are a a	Two girls are fighting over a ball during a game.
in room. men sit on floor green Three	Three men sit on floor in green room.
a and swimming girl a in background. underwater pool are is Two in swimming boys the	Two boys are swimming underwater in a pool and a girl is swimming in the background.
in lies A dog boat. on brown a blanket	A brown dog lies on a blanket in boat.
workers water. A public sprays a uniform in road man	A man in a public road workers uniform sprays water.
the walks A dog black through water.	A black dog walks through the water.
laying on sofa. a brown baby holds a Santa while Santa hat figure a A in	A baby in a Santa hat holds a Santa figure while laying on a brown sofa.
woman the who at who the hair is of looking woman sitting. standing The is is	The woman who is standing is looking at the hair of the woman who is sitting.
Football are players field. on the	Football players are on the field.
person a on bike the frame. the A through flaring sun the air with bike flies through	A person on a bike flies through the air with the sun flaring through the bike frame.
wet water. the dog is very from emerging A brown	A very wet brown dog is emerging from the water.
in sunglasses and smiles. Women hat	Women in hat and sunglasses smiles.
the sidelines. player game watches The football Oklahoma from the	The Oklahoma football player watches the game from the sidelines.
a during ball basketball dribbles man game. A a	A man dribbles a ball during a basketball game.
boy large is sea. by splashed a wave in being A the	A boy is being splashed by a large wave in the sea.
tennis runs the a ball. dog for	a dog runs for the tennis ball.
snowboarders chairlift. a on sit	snowboarders sit on a chairlift.
A man flip a does bicycle. on trick his	A man does a flip trick on his bicycle.
A swings air. boy the in	A boy swings in the air.
Two in boys water young small with surfboards. the	Two young boys in the water with small surfboards.
terrain. A rocky group of hikers climb	A group of hikers climb rocky terrain.
is wodden on green in bench. a A snowboarder balancing	A snowboarder in green is balancing on a wodden bench.
a horse. off a is man rodeo thrown at A	A man at a rodeo is thrown off a horse.
of a wooden front in A a on stands top hill. couple of sign	A couple stands in front of a wooden sign on top of a hill.
is metal a board and riding piece ramp made from log. on a of his a snowboarder	a snowboarder is riding his board on ramp made from a piece of metal and a log.
pitch. A incoming baseball for Red Boston bat player the the Sox waiting holds	A Boston Red Sox baseball player holds the bat waiting for the incoming pitch.
tan to along dog walking water. snow A is	A tan dog is walking along snow to water.
at A are woman a and other balcony inside building. gazing each on man a	A man and woman are gazing at each other on a balcony inside a building.
in beside leather their motorcycles. people Two are dressed standing	Two people dressed in leather are standing beside their motorcycles.
crowded on her resting head woman hand The is in sitting and a her area.	The woman is resting her head on her hand and sitting in a crowded area.
woods. in of muddy play the water A group near the children	A group of children play in the muddy water near the woods.
Three front in a a kids are of fountain playing building. at	Three kids are playing at a fountain in front of a building.
performs A skateboarder a trick.	A skateboarder performs a trick.
front boy blonde in the of soccer goal. is The stretching	The blonde boy is stretching in front of the soccer goal.
teal large are next to large hats a Two and and in trunk. girls blue tree standing dresses	Two girls in blue and teal dresses and large hats are standing next to a large tree trunk.
grass. A to in jumping liquid the soaked black dog	A black dog soaked in liquid jumping to the grass.
a dog mountain a collar crazily. brown on chain wearing a running	a brown dog wearing a chain collar on a mountain running crazily.
running The the dogs are two grass. on	The two dogs are running on the grass.
by are hill. people car small Two green a in a race driving	Two people are in a small race car driving by a green hill.
at looking rock This picture climber. up a depicts	This picture depicts looking up at a rock climber.
as sleeps in a pink they small lap airplane. an girl man's wearing ride on A	A small girl wearing pink sleeps on a man's lap as they ride in an airplane.
have looking on face and group angry A masks. of several are people	A group of people are looking angry and several have on face masks.
running camera dog in field. toward a A the	A dog running toward the camera in a field.
people gathered picture. a for Three are	Three people are gathered for a picture.
in group the a squinting of walking Lady large people. sun and from	Lady walking and squinting from the sun in a large group of people.
a are two greyhounds corner. racing The around	The two greyhounds are racing around a corner.
a waterfall man in white down a a a harness hat climbing wearing	a man in a harness wearing a white hat climbing down a waterfall
barking the as are collies play Two the on ocean they of edge	Two collies are barking as they play on the edge of the ocean
boy umbrella. wet an stands A under	A wet boy stands under an umbrella.
through runs dog the tan snow. A	A tan dog runs through the snow.
his puts child mouth. into dirt A	A child puts dirt into his mouth.
an girls past Two are amusement walking arcade. arm in arm	Two girls are walking arm in arm past an amusement arcade.
in puffy poses for an at picture skating rink. red A a woman ice jacket a	A woman in a puffy red jacket poses for a picture at an ice skating rink.
is over the The flying white ocean. pelican	The white pelican is flying over the ocean.
something while beg. A three dogs holds girl	A girl holds something while three dogs beg.
young skating skating in a three people rink	three young people skating in a skating rink
the velvet. yellow man has crown red is a boy wearing little The and	The little boy has a yellow crown and the man is wearing red velvet.
swim meet. girl for the A prepares herself	A girl prepares herself for the swim meet.
basketball a participating front in of Girls in game crowd. a	Girls participating in a basketball game in front of a crowd.
person wave. on A down standing and surfboard a a riding is large	A person is standing on a surfboard and riding down a large wave.
the snow. A blond lab in runs	A blond lab runs in the snow.
two of on running beach shore a people the	two people running on the shore of a beach
fighting in two air jumping each the grey other dogs	two grey dogs jumping in the air fighting each other
dogs are the on sand. brown Two running	Two brown dogs are running on the sand.
A young woman clothes colorful on. with	A young woman with colorful clothes on.
who pool is water woman a small dumping a a child on in	a woman dumping water on a small child who is in a pool
man laughing. a A woman and	A man and a woman laughing.
field. on football the jerseys wearing Three players are red	Three football players wearing red jerseys are on the field.
A in the dog forest.	A dog in the forest.
A pink jacket the running a field. person in onto is	A person in a pink jacket is running onto the field.
man a suit cellphone the A his in holds in air.	A man in a suit holds his cellphone in the air.
in giant of girls hugging front American Two flag. a	Two girls hugging in front of a giant American flag.
A man at looking rock formation. a	A man looking at a rock formation.
is dog ring. a collie leaping The red through	The collie dog is leaping through a red ring.
forest in Man bike riding	Man riding bike in forest
a t-shirt of others the a stands near front child young on beach, water on the road the background. a while a sand are in on in in in a bike	a young child in a t-shirt on a bike stands in on a road in front of a beach, while others are on the sand near the water in the background.
a woman. running and being in a little A is blue jacket chased boy by	A little boy in a blue jacket is running and being chased by a woman.
sumo stand an official-looking before from wrestlers Young a reading man document.	Young sumo wrestlers stand before a man reading from an official-looking document.
in Two a dogs together tan playing yard. fenced	Two tan dogs playing together in a fenced yard.
lake. bikini in into off jumping a dock a A woman a	A woman in a bikini jumping off a dock into a lake.
a crouched wave person the in in ocean. middle of the A large	A person crouched in the middle of a large wave in the ocean.
standing near a Asian women pole.	Asian women standing near a pole.
dog people air the as leaping and in two white black background. watch through the A	A black and white dog leaping through the air as two people watch in the background.
on moon baby with is and holding star it. small flag A a black a a	A baby is holding a small black flag with a moon and a star on it.
of boys a body large pier jump located water. off to on Two preparing a	Two boys preparing to jump off a pier located on a large body of water.
black dogs beach. through a the splash waves on Two	Two black dogs splash through the waves on a beach.
a A courts. riding amongst airborne the skateboard is basketball youth	A youth riding a skateboard is airborne amongst the basketball courts.
underwear pairs hanging the of background clothesline different-colored with Three and people in a from cars	Three pairs of different-colored underwear hanging from a clothesline with people and cars in the background
Two women on concrete sunbathe a terrace.	Two women sunbathe on a concrete terrace.
falling the sailboarder The in water. is	The sailboarder is falling in the water.
wearing young the orange football to boy running A to is him tries blue boy ground. with as in the the wrestle	A young boy wearing orange is running with the football as the boy in blue tries to wrestle him to the ground.
petting dog. golden is a girl A little	A little girl is petting a golden dog.
boy red wearing off A blue jumps a shirt the slide.	A boy wearing a red shirt jumps off the blue slide.
little Smiling girl pool. outdoor swimming in	Smiling little girl swimming in outdoor pool.
Two watches. with swords playing rubber park chaperone while a in girls a young	Two young girls playing with rubber swords in a park while a chaperone watches.
dog very limb. big with A plays a small	A small dog plays with a very big limb.
says A man is " over bicycle on a dinner jumping sign ". that free a	A man on a bicycle is jumping over a sign that says " free dinner ".
man's hold a Two hands. young boys	Two young boys hold a man's hands.
person A a climbing rock large moss-covered	A person climbing a large moss-covered rock
woods. dog man the with fetch just A of black out his big plays	A man plays fetch with his big black dog just out of the woods.
two children a on ride	two children on a ride
climbing shirt red cliff man rock in	man in red shirt climbing rock cliff
shirt a taller with in man with A man posing a blue sunglasses	A man with a blue shirt posing with a taller man in sunglasses
ducks boys the them run with young the behind Two pond. in beach on	Two young boys run on the beach with ducks behind them in the pond.
riding snowy stunt mound. snowboard air doing an person a a is over A	A person is riding a snowboard doing an air stunt over a snowy mound.
shirts a wearing a blue and jeans in rain misty young both white standing couple light	a young couple both wearing white shirts and blue jeans standing in a light misty rain
a hike. hikers group of	a group of hikers hike.
A jacuzzi. boy plays a around in young	A young boy plays around in a jacuzzi.
jumps in a little backyard shorts pool to yellow next boy A stucco black house. into a	A little boy in black shorts jumps into a backyard pool next to a yellow stucco house.
furry some brown A animal behind stands plants.	A brown furry animal stands behind some plants.
a man fish holds both A hands. in	A man holds a fish in both hands.
a black dog a play yellow dog with and A toy.	A black dog and a yellow dog play with a toy.
man on boat water. fishing wooden A into pushing pole the a a	A man on a fishing boat pushing a wooden pole into the water.
of laughing group a on couch. A red people	A group of laughing people on a red couch.
A chewing a small on dog strap. black	A small dog chewing on a black strap.
on is a sitting yellow dog large hill. A	A large yellow dog is sitting on a hill.
rock a A a man off mountain bike. jumping helmeted on	A helmeted man jumping off a rock on a mountain bike.
is The airborne it of on earth. two as between a bike makes cyclist mounds jump his	The cyclist is airborne on his bike as it makes a jump between two mounds of earth.
water. girl hair into with bucket her a dips little A filled	A little girl dips her hair into a bucket filled with water.
the woman on themed street. costume A a stands wearing money	A woman wearing a money themed costume stands on the street.
the through walking a snow small dog	a small dog walking through the snow
a ball. dog small A chasing	A small dog chasing a ball.
the wearing the water-wings of pool. Spider-Man young boy edge A at	A young boy wearing Spider-Man water-wings at the edge of the pool.
A in snowboarder stripes.	A snowboarder in stripes.
are standing parade. on people of part a Two as horses three	Two people are standing on three horses as part of a parade.
one A up the group women, air. in of young	A group of young women, one up in the air.
bag cigarette with is a a A smoking woman black	A woman with a black bag is smoking a cigarette
desert. walking dogs in The the are	The dogs are walking in the desert.
with dog in his is the air leaping beige above grass. out A tongue the	A beige dog with his tongue out is leaping in the air above the grass.
in off jumping a man ramp bike a a	a man jumping off a ramp in a bike
person is rock white rope. climbing while a A a onto holding	A person is climbing a rock while holding onto a white rope.
on stand brown another young girl A girl and a to sitting young pony. next woman	A woman and young girl stand next to another young girl sitting on a brown pony.
in red rock climber shirt. a A	A rock climber in a red shirt.
looking helmet his football player, off, half ground. at A the	A football player, his helmet half off, looking at the ground.
man blue through bubble. peering Young in shirt large a	Young man in blue shirt peering through a large bubble.
in in harness A girl is little midair a on sunny day. a	A little girl in a harness is in midair on a sunny day.
are making each and children on gymnastic their a Four hands bridge feet.	Four children are each making a gymnastic bridge on their hands and feet.
yellow van the out car back a of his looking at a behind looking man	a man looking out the back of his car looking at a yellow van behind
little do boy a is A attempting to cartwheel.	A little boy is attempting to do a cartwheel.
to man sitting, a man and left. A standing woman the with	A man and woman sitting, with a man standing to the left.
look to drug in a of store. people street the Some cross front	Some people look to cross the street in front of a drug store.
on dumps baby. boys a A water small	A small boys dumps water on a baby.
dog a behind them. from A running person with white yellow a and black under cover	A black and white dog running from under a yellow cover with a person behind them.
carries branch tree the dog A woods. through black a	A black dog carries a tree branch through the woods.
and food serve a young A woman man young	A young man and a young woman serve food
a jumps woman pink skateboard. tank wearing her A top on young	A young woman wearing a pink tank top jumps on her skateboard.
Five sitting people down.	Five people sitting down.
little fountain a park runs a busy girl through a shirt in in a yellow	a little girl in a yellow shirt runs through a fountain in a busy park
near standing sidewalk a People on shops.	People standing on a sidewalk near shops.
Tennis left. lunges player to the	Tennis player lunges to the left.
Three dogs play a with red ball.	Three dogs play with a red ball.
waves. fishes some man white near A	A man fishes near some white waves.
boy shirt the the pointing. which The looking direction is man the little in in to is blue	The man in the blue shirt is looking in the direction to which the little boy is pointing.
water A little a toy while plays others with watch. boy	A little boy plays with a water toy while others watch.
footbridge people Two down a rafting background. in a river, the	Two people rafting down a river, a footbridge in the background.
one their off. People in person wait chairs, has shoe	People wait in chairs, one person has their shoe off.
carrying A escalator white a an man on looking cup and up. red	A man on an escalator carrying a red and white cup looking up.
trunk walking dog black tree a along The water. is bridge over	The black dog is walking along a tree trunk bridge over water.
dirt. A a digging brown hole dog the in is	A brown dog is digging a hole in the dirt.
a street Two guitar the are drums. the of guys and playing on side	Two guys are on the side of the street playing a guitar and drums.
swing. Two girls laughing swing tire in a	Two laughing girls swing in a tire swing.
brown A a dog black and dog snow. is chasing the black in	A brown and black dog is chasing a black dog in the snow.
orange climbs rock. a wearing man A pants	A man wearing orange pants climbs a rock.
yellow through car a a driving lot snow of	a yellow car driving through a lot of snow
little on two girls dancing the floor	two little girls dancing on the floor
perspective of running dog the the team rider. sled from A	A sled dog team running from the perspective of the rider.
a wooden Two standing on dogs golden patio. are	Two golden dogs are standing on a wooden patio.
A player to basketball ready gets shoot.	A basketball player gets ready to shoot.
pine and water dives by surrounded the man rocks into A trees.	A man dives into the water surrounded by rocks and pine trees.
up A a the dog, coat, snow. from wearing looks	A dog, wearing a coat, looks up from the snow.
A on a dog gnawing bone.	A dog gnawing on a bone.
walking boy and wearing on a A blue cliff edge. yellow	A boy wearing blue and yellow walking on a cliff edge.
small sliding to down the The slide is about boy pool a hit water. is and	The small boy is sliding down a pool slide and is about to hit the water.
and ball. are women with small a white sticks a Two game playing	Two women are playing a game with sticks and a small white ball.
under football arm. running A his player football with	A football player running with football under his arm.
A watch high pipe rides a full rollerblader others while in	A rollerblader rides high in a full pipe while others watch
in swim water. Two the blue boys murky with caps	Two boys with blue swim caps in the murky water.
A helping on fancy man robe. a put is someone	A man is helping someone put on a fancy robe.
rides a man the surfboard A on waves.	A man on a surfboard rides the waves.
playing men on holding of football. field, one a Two them a	Two men on a playing field, one of them holding a football.
the from men another Four camera. at country look	Four men from another country look at the camera.
dog jumping in air is catch to something. the A	A dog is jumping in the air to catch something.
a rides in as handles. A boy wheelbarrow young girl holds a the young	A young boy rides in a wheelbarrow as a young girl holds the handles.
a in the boy snow. little A orange playing coat goggles is and an blue sled in on	A little boy in an orange goggles and coat is playing on a blue sled in the snow.
behind mountains snow hands man with on dirt the his in with air standing A is him. and	A man is standing on dirt with his hands in the air with mountains and snow behind him.
and A a walks out. with open collar his with tongue dog the red mouth through black grass hanging	A black dog with a red collar walks through the grass with his mouth open and tongue hanging out.
A plays the playground. at boys	A boys plays at the playground.
black foot right pavement on and black on grass metal green left. rail one in shirt on standing above on Boy	Boy in black shirt on one foot standing on metal rail above green grass on right and black pavement on left.
guy on his A skateboard. high jumps	A guy jumps high on his skateboard.
sit women in grass striped under umbrella. flowers, of A adult a group wild field in a bikinis of and some young	A group of young adult women in bikinis sit in a field of wild grass and flowers, some under a striped umbrella.
A with and collar his a wearing a man glasses dog and black ball. black wearing tennis white playing are	A man wearing glasses and his black and white dog wearing a black collar are playing with a tennis ball.
boy urban a blue pointing finger on viewer. setting A in is the a small an scooter at	A small boy on a blue scooter in an urban setting is pointing a finger at the viewer.
brown dog mouth. running on grass something Chocolate in its with	Chocolate brown dog running on grass with something in its mouth.
harness jumps a grassy wearing A blue the over field. brown dog	A brown dog wearing a blue harness jumps over the grassy field.
A sunset. by on is motorcycle man the silhouetted a	A man on a motorcycle is silhouetted by the sunset.
swimming in water. are and Many the playing children	Many children are playing and swimming in the water.
surfer his A crashing a falling in of wave. of is the middle surfboard	A surfer is falling of his surfboard in the middle of a crashing wave.
a chair a woman near is A in building. brick sitting	A woman is sitting in a chair near a brick building.
at child the in jumps A bowling alley. a air	A child jumps in the air at a bowling alley.
black behind during t-shirt other jump her walk in while girls A parade. girl a a a doing	A girl in a black t-shirt doing a jump while other girls walk behind her during a parade.
dog the by through getting water. hit jumping A air	A dog jumping through the air getting hit by water.
in a grassy pugs on playing and Nine black harnesses lawn. brown	Nine black and brown pugs in harnesses playing on a grassy lawn.
stand men city the in Two night. outdoors	Two men stand outdoors in the city night.
little a covered on skies red snow and A sideways in suit girl white pink slope. and ski helmet the	A little girl in a pink and white ski suit and red helmet skies sideways on the snow covered slope.
a street. down biker the rides	a biker rides down the street.
racing bursting has pipe. fire white from The car its exhaust	The white racing car has fire bursting from its exhaust pipe.
shirt blowing a A with on dandelion. gear pink blond is a	A blond gear with a pink shirt is blowing on a dandelion.
game the in people group of road. a A play	A group of people play a game in the road.
fair. mingling People colorful at	People mingling at colorful fair.
boy the has off onto his of fallen A bike pavement.	A boy has fallen off of his bike onto the pavement.
here. are and posing There ladies two shown embracing	There are two ladies embracing and posing shown here.
sidewalk. girl young in on A dress a a stands pink	A young girl in a pink dress stands on a sidewalk.
in a blue boy a red sweatshirt seats A stadium sports near in swinging team a young is bat.	A young boy in a team sweatshirt is in a sports stadium near blue seats swinging a red bat.
outdoors. something very of about look people A who group stand excited	A group of people who look very excited about something stand outdoors.
leaves. bench a with a child in on woman yard covered A fallen sit and	A woman and child sit on a bench in a yard covered with fallen leaves.
watches. his dirt a motorcycle while A pushes biker another up rider rock	A dirt biker pushes his motorcycle up a rock while another rider watches.
red black for ball. a jumps and A brown dog	A brown and black dog jumps for a red ball.
blue wearing a boy A with a the rides handlebars. feet helmet on bike his	A boy wearing a blue helmet rides a bike with his feet on the handlebars.
bottle. in green drinking Hockey water a uniform red from player	Hockey player in red uniform drinking from a green water bottle.
near a A tree. large man fishing	A man fishing near a large tree.
in car. Penske A is Team sitting a driver race	A driver is sitting in a Team Penske race car.
stone surface. a up brown from twig A picks a dog	A brown dog picks up a twig from a stone surface.
child a mask table at paper his sitting a holding face. against A restaurant	A child sitting at a restaurant table holding a paper mask against his face.
a kiddie pool. boy water splashing A around the is little in in	A little boy is splashing around in the water in a kiddie pool.
child A stand cutout behind picture. a	A child stand behind a cutout picture.
the The jumps ball. catch to dog	The dog jumps to catch the ball.
in car The sits child sippy from toy drinks and cup. a a	The child sits in a toy car and drinks from a sippy cup.
a man paying back their wall, boy A the stone man a and to a with flute. sitting	A man and a boy sitting with their back to a stone wall, the man paying a flute.
both her lap sitting on are child with A mother smiling. a and	A mother with a child sitting on her lap and both are smiling.
rock. man a back of a climbing The	The back of a man climbing a rock.
near spraying a are fountains. and Three shallow path wading water people in stone	Three people are wading in shallow water near a stone path and spraying fountains.
skateboard wall. A is concrete a grinding a boy down	A boy is grinding a skateboard down a concrete wall.
pool. in dog A a	A dog in a pool.
some by rocks lake. a on posing picture Family top a of for	Family posing for a picture on top of some rocks by a lake.
bikes boy mountain trail. down a A	A boy mountain bikes down a trail.
alongside tri-colored bigger its black mouth. toy is dog that rope small a running in is carrying dog a A	A small black dog is running alongside a bigger tri-colored dog that is carrying a rope toy in its mouth.
the brown and dog grass. black A in around rolls	A black and brown dog rolls around in the grass.
taking a red a jacket in A man photo a a man of in is black jacket.	A man in a black jacket is taking a photo of a man in a red jacket.
Dog grassy standing in dune. sand	Dog standing in grassy sand dune.
by see high hat A can standing is backpack and a cliff you with man for where a miles.	A man with a backpack and hat is standing by a high cliff where you can see for miles.
going the outside. bathroom brown A yellow and to dog is	A yellow and brown dog is going to the bathroom outside.
smoking badly the racetrack. car very on Race	Race car smoking very badly on the racetrack.
A white brown at dog paws a ball small	A small brown dog paws at a white ball
blue of The standing workshop. and cap a the with beard doorway is man a in white	The man with a white beard and blue cap is standing in the doorway of a workshop.
orange running. dog his holds mouth in A while rag an	A dog holds an orange rag in his mouth while running.
black A large is dog digging the snow. deep in	A large black dog is digging in the deep snow.
loading man near dock bicycle on dumpsters. Young performing trick	Young man performing bicycle trick on loading dock near dumpsters.
and makes a shirt face. A person wearing sits a white	A person wearing a white shirt sits and makes a face.
black in a Frisbee area. wooded a playing coat person near dog with A a	A person in a black coat playing Frisbee with a dog near a wooded area.
over gated walk gravel the dogs yard Two area. inside a	Two dogs walk over the gravel yard inside a gated area.
to something points A her. holding hand man bends a over girl and little	A man holding a little girl hand bends over and points something to her.
helmet a bat to the the red boy as a shirt waits the out. blue him baseball boy catch towards swinging The ball in in is	The boy in the blue shirt is swinging a baseball bat towards a ball as the boy in the red helmet waits to catch him out.
sitting on furry the the towards woman in A her. with a walking beach, the foreground sand at animal	A woman sitting on the sand at the beach, with a furry animal in the foreground walking towards her.
Two getting men document a signed	Two men getting a document signed
alone standing bald young banjo. a a playing man	a young bald man standing alone playing a banjo.
black-haired girls are Four walking. in shorts	Four black-haired girls in shorts are walking.
of the Four same in man the same room.	Four of the same man in the same room.
is outside. An running girl asian	An asian girl is running outside.
in pants. and skiing black snow jacket a woman A yellow	A woman snow skiing in a yellow jacket and black pants.
in are playing The a of with front the building bubble. kids	The kids in front of the building are playing with a bubble.
together. play A of basketball group boys	A group of boys play basketball together.
A watching puppies person two playing. is	A person is watching two puppies playing.
back onto onto its The horses is by holding getting hair. the kid	The kid is getting onto the horses back by holding onto its hair.
man doing on motorcycle. a wheelie a A	A man doing a wheelie on a motorcycle.
forest. race in in the their people competition Three bicycles	Three people race their bicycles in competition in the forest.
toy a car. cup a from toddler A in drinking	A toddler drinking from a cup in a toy car.
a A the man at football collegiate or game. runs with professional	A man runs with the football at a professional or collegiate game.
women on another coat. Two pull	Two women pull on another coat.
area. walk and costume headscarf red Woman girl in urban dress through with	Woman with headscarf and girl in red costume dress walk through urban area.
is in black with collar a a out. red its standing tongue wearing dog a stream	a black dog wearing a red collar is standing in a stream with its tongue out.
line and race finish towards at racetrack. the Four a their horses jockeys	Four jockeys and their horses race towards the finish line at a racetrack.
of musicians A instruments. group with	A group of musicians with instruments.
Two sparkling women are bikinis posing in	Two women in sparkling bikinis are posing
are the dogs running in The snow.	The dogs are running in the snow.
is about orange jersey in an baseball. to a boy a pitch	a boy in an orange jersey is about to pitch a baseball.
black-shirt silver a holding A walking woman is in cellphone. a	A woman in a black-shirt is walking holding a silver cellphone.
an a inflatable in water. boy being pool with is splashed	a boy in an inflatable pool is being splashed with water.
the ball. players A for jump of group in basketball the air	A group of basketball players jump in the air for the ball.
grey dog person for reaches trails. a A a large black while dog	A person reaches for a large grey dog while a black dog trails.
sitting is woman An reading. elderly by a window	An elderly woman is sitting by a window reading.
to of the from A people Armenian genocide 1923. crowd 1915 remember	A crowd of people remember the Armenian genocide from 1915 to 1923.
basketball. children Four playing	Four children playing basketball.
Two walk from seen the a alleyway. people down street,	Two people walk down the street, seen from a alleyway.
A woman, and and look puzzled girl concerned. a a man, a younger girl,	A man, a woman, a girl, and a younger girl look puzzled and concerned.
cold. Two young people the brave	Two young people brave the cold.
snow hill. dogs are a Three running down covered	Three dogs are running down a snow covered hill.
and in park. brown toy to the throwing dog a a black The man is	The man is throwing a toy to a brown and black dog in the park.
shoot. holding to a boy about basketball A young	A young boy holding a basketball about to shoot.
american wearing black, The woman cap. tartan a flag, blonde is	The blonde woman is wearing a black, american flag, tartan cap.
white A out is yellow and black of running dog and tube. orange a	A white and black dog is running out of a yellow and orange tube.
from with balls ornamental to wire tree it hanging standing Woman next	Woman standing next to wire tree with ornamental balls hanging from it
their on green playing with are little Two outside grass. soccer ball the boys	Two little boys are playing outside with their soccer ball on the green grass.
on a small a red The child on playground. climbs ropes	The small child climbs on a red ropes on a playground.
bike, two near vehicles. walking on are Several young a people, parked	Several young people, two on a bike, are walking near parked vehicles.
playing. in The dogs field are the	The dogs are in the field playing.
shopping A man. a attempts young boy for the Walmart to push cart	A young boy attempts to push the Walmart shopping cart for a man.
through water. shallow A dog wading	A dog wading through shallow water.
is water. in The brown dog and white the	The brown and white dog is in the water.
dog the the water A onto out running of beach.	A dog running out of the water onto the beach.
running a muzzled Five field. in greyhounds are grassy	Five muzzled greyhounds are running in a grassy field.
is with its walking. out black tongue A and white dog	A black and white dog with its tongue out is walking.
girls deep hip through wading Two mud.	Two girls wading through hip deep mud.
on tricycles. Children	Children on tricycles.
field is dog dog. in ; playing biting the Two of the one ear grassy a are dogs other	Two dogs are playing in a grassy field ; one dog is biting the ear of the other dog.
game. watch people full A a stadium of	A stadium full of people watch a game.
mouth. stick A is with running in German Shepherd its a	A German Shepherd is running with a stick in its mouth.
kissing a station. girl man jacket a A a leather in in subway is	A man in a leather jacket is kissing a girl in a subway station.
setting around large his blonde stands among chest. people A boy in snake shady with a a wrapped	A blonde boy stands among people in a shady setting with a large snake wrapped around his chest.
in man and front of woman train. a A a	A man and a woman in front of a train.
A the four driving wheel mud. is through car drive	A four wheel drive car is driving through the mud.
out dog up trying to look with is A tongue tree. the its	A dog with its tongue out is trying to look up the tree.
yellow box snorkel a A with diver mask underwater with swims handle. carrying a gloved and a	A yellow gloved diver with a snorkel and mask swims underwater carrying a box with a handle.
a painting A bike mountain a riding on man a trail. of mountain	A painting of a man riding a mountain bike on a mountain trail.
mouth A the of ball out his surf laborador a with coming black in	A black laborador with a ball in his mouth coming out of the surf
soda A group front of a is in a bench near of people drinking standing a sitting man	A man drinking a soda is standing in front of a bench near a group of people sitting
jumping swimming into male a pool. A	A male jumping into a swimming pool.
are field. at The the baseball playing dogs	The dogs are playing at the baseball field.
a A on driven dusty is track. car	A car is driven on a dusty track.
white a wearing long the his A with a hair in curly with something looking t-shirt is mouth. guy into camera brown	A guy with long brown curly hair wearing a white t-shirt is looking into the camera with something in his mouth. a
girls a standing is a man cap a cap. to and and The with black beard pierced next lip a with	The girls with a pierced lip and cap is standing next to a man with a beard and a black cap.
wheel girl a stuffed giant on little a seat sits Farris next A to animal.	A little girl sits on a Farris wheel seat next to a giant stuffed animal.
winter electronic at coats. are Two device while wearing looking girls small a teen	Two teen girls are looking at a small electronic device while wearing winter coats.
the Two women young bed all sit on of edge up. the dressed	Two young women sit on the edge of the bed all dressed up.
another young each woman smiling. girl with posing a	a young girl posing with another woman each smiling.
with vehicle, the another A door the window. at glancing of man a standing out sitting,	A man standing at the door of a vehicle, with another sitting, glancing out the window.
standing catch and its dog to black brown A trying is hind on legs something.	A brown and black dog is standing on its hind legs trying to catch something.
with collar a A black in dog the tan barking snow.	A tan dog with a black collar barking in the snow.
the A in man desert.	A man in the desert.
pink in a over high girl grass. The shirt the jumps	The girl in a pink shirt jumps high over the grass.
red rock climbing. in shirt is a A girl	A girl in a red shirt is rock climbing.
large walking water Person of a park. a across puddle in	Person walking across a large puddle of water in a park.
fireworks. field, at stand snow in small winter a in crowd jackets A looking	A small crowd in winter jackets stand in a snow field, looking at fireworks.
a A in dress. girl white	A girl in a white dress.
field sports on man red a uniform a in jumping a	a man in a red uniform jumping on a sports field
with dressed black like A clown. a hair is person	A person with black hair is dressed like a clown.
jumps boy mud puddle. through	boy jumps through mud puddle.
skiing snowy grey down and a dressed is slope. in A red person	A person dressed in red and grey is skiing down a snowy slope.
parade. pushed in shaped car in kids a being Two strollers	Two kids being pushed in car shaped strollers in a parade.
a in a red near A a on to girl pole street. shirt holds little	A little girl in a red shirt holds on to a pole near a street.
is jumping swing A is a in midair. from and child	A child is jumping from a swing and is in midair.
same direction. are girls all A in group staring of the large	A large group of girls are all staring in the same direction.
standing is next mask. sunglasses A person breathing and a wearing who man hat to wearing is a	A man wearing sunglasses is standing next to a person who is wearing a hat and breathing mask.
the with in grass and Two dogs running brown background. fence in trees	Two brown dogs running in grass with fence and trees in the background.
record at a frame in holding dressed a fashionably bookstore. used A woman a	A fashionably dressed woman holding a record in a frame at a used bookstore.
a pet dog to mouth. leans beside white down baby A its	A baby leans down to pet a white dog beside its mouth.
snowboarding. zippered a man jacket A in	A man in a zippered jacket snowboarding.
person the by in The the water mountains. snow is standing of topped front	The person is standing by the water in front of the snow topped mountains.
game non HDR photograph. professional an baseball slides a A home in player baseball in	A baseball player slides home in a non professional baseball game in an HDR photograph.
train. the waiting are A subway group on of a standing and for platform people	A group of people are standing on a platform and waiting for the subway train.
the on past sidewalk A walking storefronts. man	A man walking on the sidewalk past storefronts.
two Olympic medals. home An takes winner	An Olympic winner takes home two medals.
the tracks stick. The little with his boy walks along railroad	The little boy walks along the railroad tracks with his stick.
a bicycle. jump a on A performing cyclist	A cyclist performing a jump on a bicycle.
of and sunglasses with o'clock hair soda A drinks. brown and cans with is a at table and five sitting other wearing man shadow a	A man with brown hair and a five o'clock shadow is wearing sunglasses and sitting at a table with cans of soda and other drinks.
the entrance shorts holds at American cube man a flag a in building. of marble white A	A man in American flag shorts holds a white cube at the entrance of a marble building.
in and flops a girls summer crowded dresses along street. walk flip Two	Two girls in summer dresses and flip flops walk along a crowded street.
a jacket black Man green wearing a bench wearing a petting red grey collar. a sitting on dog	Man wearing a grey jacket sitting on a green bench petting a black dog wearing a red collar.
sitting long dresses white and beverage. of women Two and reading a head door garb with in drinking steps on front a	Two women with white head garb and long dresses sitting in front of a door on steps reading and drinking a beverage.
a white rafters out at while fallen raft of A water man look has other him.	A man has fallen out of a white water raft while other rafters look at him.
in Children swine spectators. a among participate involving sport	Children participate in a sport involving swine among spectators.
traveling field and are a bikes People a along dirt ATVs on in by path worn trees. surrounded	People on ATVs and dirt bikes are traveling along a worn path in a field surrounded by trees.
A air jeans boy no the some wearing and shirt in is woods. jumping the in blue	A boy wearing no shirt and some blue jeans is jumping in the air in the woods.
after game a dog of fetch. The is resting	The dog is resting after a game of fetch.
white for ball. runs wearing a blue a collar A green dog	A white dog wearing a blue collar runs for a green ball.
tan beach runs yellow at A the dog a ball. carrying	A tan dog runs at the beach carrying a yellow ball.
the in park sits sun. woman alone a A bench on	A woman sits alone on a park bench in the sun.
mouth. man a and his Frisbee jumps Dog a catches in over	Dog jumps over a man and catches a Frisbee in his mouth.
holding the on in a glasses restaurant. toddler a Man table at	Man in glasses holding a toddler on the table at a restaurant.
rollerblader one grabbing a and rail A foot. grinding	A rollerblader grinding a rail and grabbing one foot.
on trampoline. a A jumps boy	A boy jumps on a trampoline.
some bird food. dives for a	a bird dives for some food.
it. A near wearing standing woman jacked with Tinkerbell is water on pink a	A woman standing near water is wearing a pink jacked with Tinkerbell on it.
A blue a in group gate. children of clothes stand by	A group of children in blue clothes stand by a gate.
tan jumping a stream a across dog	a tan dog jumping across a stream
at relaxing brown bench. and a jeans and white A man who is a on woman a with dog in looking top shirtless a bikini	A shirtless man with a brown and white dog looking at a woman in jeans and a bikini top who is relaxing on a bench.
about kick ball. soccer on a a man uniform, a A in to soccer field,	A man on a soccer field, in a uniform, about to kick a soccer ball.
is chasing brown the dog A on grass a ball	A brown dog is chasing a ball on the grass
orange girl slide A young an on	A young girl on an orange slide
young horse. red rides A boy a	A young boy rides a red horse.
little standing drum. a A and girl baby next boy to a guitar and are	A baby girl and little boy are standing next to a guitar and a drum.
by in shorts. man flannel is creek standing The a blue	The man is standing by a creek in blue flannel shorts.
a This woman snowy hill. is down skiing	This woman is skiing down a snowy hill.
group playing grass paper a with children the toilet in young of	a group of young children playing in the grass with toilet paper
looks in as water. a dog swims a A the dog beige with collar brown on	A beige dog with a collar looks on as a brown dog swims in the water.
boy is a shirt in little green blue forested through A area. running a	A little boy in a blue shirt is running through a forested green area.
dog his with A newspaper runs in path. a paved mouth down a	A dog with a newspaper in his mouth runs down a paved path.
in the looks dressed pants Nike a woman A matching down and shirt at ground.	A woman dressed in a Nike shirt and matching pants looks down at the ground.
right hand. hand a cigarette young while a dark in cup A and a trousers jacket his left from man in puff a takes military-style his holding wearing well-groomed	A well-groomed young man wearing dark trousers and a military-style jacket takes a puff from a cigarette in his left hand while holding a cup in his right hand.
young kneeling in boy marsh someone splashes nearby. is shirtless A while pants a kakhi in	A young shirtless boy in kakhi pants is kneeling in a marsh while someone splashes nearby.
man talking a boy Claws. little as A his father to dressed Santa and	A little boy and his father talking to a man dressed as Santa Claws.
on in walk women buses. two front street the Two of	Two women walk on the street in front of two buses.
Two hydrant. urinating a on red fire dogs	Two dogs urinating on a red fire hydrant.
a vest blue construction an rocks watches. another vest one One while shoveling orange in in worker	One construction worker in an orange vest shoveling rocks while another one in a blue vest watches.
on bar. man a cellphone is of talking a a outside	a man is talking on a cellphone outside of a bar.
the People in ocean. up line	People line up in the ocean.
group of on stone A of people structure. a red sides both sit	A group of people sit on both sides of a red stone structure.
and A motocross helmet. rider white a with white black red, wearing	A motocross rider wearing red, white and black with a white helmet.
construction. building under in Three boys a	Three boys in a building under construction.
beach. a Small a catching in its ball on mouth dog	Small dog catching a ball in its mouth on a beach.
A eating. by help asking sign for walking a with man	A sign asking for help with a man walking by eating.
dirt course A goes watch. fans car while racing a through	A racing car goes through a dirt course while fans watch.
a jacket walking rocky with a near black A wall. a red person hooded backpack is and	A person with a red hooded jacket and a black backpack is walking near a rocky wall.
dog over the in a tree man a climbing trunk a bare tan standing with background	a tan dog climbing over a bare tree trunk with a man standing in the background
snow hiking a a in up dog. the hill A with person	A person hiking up a hill in the snow with a dog.
track. on race a Greyhounds	Greyhounds race on a track.
The runs snow. dog through the	The dog runs through the snow.
shirt red A tulips. longsleeve pointing red child a at in is the	A child in a red longsleeve shirt is pointing at the red tulips.
is white a man football. wearing uniform playing A	A man wearing a white uniform is playing football.
bite another makes a on One dog playful dog.	One dog makes a playful bite on another dog.
collar collar The behind the the dog the ball green with red running is with dog and	The dog with the green collar and ball is running behind the dog with the red collar
in and men a Two woman office. an	Two men and a woman in an office.
a the dog. Frisbee casts A shadow on	A Frisbee casts a shadow on the dog.
looks woman at bicycle helmet wearing a a man helmet. wearing a bicycle A	A man wearing a bicycle helmet looks at a woman wearing a bicycle helmet.
together. dog a and dog A play small large	A small dog and a large dog play together.
girl the with boy a young soccer A a young background. in ball kicking	A young boy kicking a soccer ball with a young girl in the background.
Two carrying together. people bags walk	Two people carrying bags walk together.
on 4 it. " A " number player wears the a wuth jersey football	A football player wears a jersey wuth the number " 4 " on it.
skateboarder A man another jump completes records a while it.	A skateboarder completes a jump while another man records it.
motorcycles canoe. a men on lot of A float and	A lot of men and motorcycles float on a canoe.
fish jumps the out green water. of large a	a large green fish jumps out of the water.
tank about white and A is nearby. a with flailing in woman skirt top others	A woman in a white skirt and tank top is flailing about with others nearby.
back. dog with smaller jumps down laying and his dog over the is black tan The	The black and tan dog is laying down with the smaller dog jumps over his back.
metal weaves and A between bars. white dog black	A black and white dog weaves between metal bars.
into cameras group looking a their of people	a group of people looking into their cameras
people A hillside. group of of on top a sitting	A group of people sitting on top of a hillside.
grey black beside running and dog in dog grass. white green A a	A grey dog beside a black and white dog running in green grass.
filled the off One ground. jumping dog black snow is	One black dog is jumping off the snow filled ground.
is player in yellow gold uniform tackling a blue white player uniform. another A football and a and in	A football player in a blue and yellow uniform is tackling another player in a white and gold uniform.
with red bags walking Asian Two men	Two Asian men walking with red bags
men guitars together are Two playing	Two men are playing guitars together
on man their show woman hearts and their a A tatooed wrists	A man and a woman show their tatooed hearts on their wrists
get boatful A of rafters wet.	A boatful of rafters get wet.
has a woman A her finger pointing in face.	A woman has a finger pointing in her face.
pink standing shirt a bluejeans, child wearing small grass and a white A in field. hat,	A small child wearing a pink hat, bluejeans, and white shirt standing in a grass field.
a is off crashing wave man american in An surfboard a jumping the in ocean. african	An african american man is jumping off a surfboard in a crashing wave in the ocean.
ready player play Tennis getting tennis. to	Tennis player getting ready to play tennis.
to a a man talks boy.	a man talks to a boy.
pool on a girl with in A goggles	A girl with goggles on in a pool
A outside. snow around boy little throwing is	A little boy is throwing snow around outside.
jumps snowy of Skier trees landscape. in high winter front in	Skier jumps high in front of trees in snowy winter landscape.
hands. with something A both his putting in mouth small boy	A small boy putting something in his mouth with both hands.
baby a shirt walking plaza. The and red in wearing is a	The baby is wearing a red shirt and walking in a plaza.
men Two on riding bikes highway.	Two men riding bikes on highway.
a arrow. bale bow boy aim a A hay target on and of with at taking his	A boy taking aim at a target on a bale of hay with his bow and arrow.
suit wearing A motorbike sponsor a sits covered raising a man his on motorcycling hand.	A man wearing a sponsor covered motorcycling suit sits on a motorbike raising his hand.
a man playing his in guitar, red sitting grass, wearing a shirt the	a man sitting in the grass, playing his guitar, wearing a red shirt
dog day. One dog a fence by is a up jumping another snowy on at	One dog is jumping up at another dog by a fence on a snowy day.
on sits man nearby. a helmeted with A graffiti them, steps bike and on	A helmeted man sits on steps with graffiti on them, and a bike nearby.
small a A and fence. jumping rider horse	A horse and rider jumping a small fence.
his on skateboard man performs tricks the The skateboarding park. in	The man performs tricks on his skateboard in the skateboarding park.
A beach. swim young man on in trunks the juggling is	A young man in swim trunks is juggling on the beach.
girl air into shirt in in has A house. the pink her a jumped little	A little girl in a pink shirt has jumped into the air in her house.
basketball A Miami right basketball player on in with court. hand	A Miami basketball player with basketball in right hand on court.
Asian women in black. Two dressed	Two Asian women dressed in black.
people field. group bikes racing on on a A of	A group of people on racing bikes on a field.
two between a sled sets in snowy passageway dog narrow, of a another A team man approaches sled trees. dog controlling	A man controlling a dog sled approaches another dog sled team in a narrow, snowy passageway between two sets of trees.
A snow. black little brown the dog a large in and out are dog	A little black dog and a large brown dog are out in the snow.
silhouette man of over A mountaintop. a a	A silhouette of a man over a mountaintop.
climbs snow in and face sheer person A ice. covered a cliff orange in	A person in orange climbs a sheer cliff face covered in snow and ice.
their are Two holding is smiling image. to camera one women while a blonde capture	Two blonde women are smiling while one is holding a camera to capture their image.
hoop a surrounded hula performing balloons. onstage is many with by Girl	Girl is performing onstage with a hula hoop surrounded by many balloons.
surrounded carnival worker by stuffed A animals.	A carnival worker surrounded by stuffed animals.
raked a front of into a in kid trees. leaps of top pile leaves A in blue	A kid in a blue top leaps into a raked pile of leaves in front of trees.
marked, Seattle traffic suit safety a " wears " Police. A yellow director	A traffic director wears a yellow safety suit marked, " Seattle Police. "
through and two the running dogs Two dogs brown white grass.	Two white dogs and two brown dogs running through the grass.
rocky stream. the small large a walking bulldog tan shore along of a	a large tan bulldog walking along the rocky shore of a small stream.
railing. Skateboarder grinds concrete a	Skateboarder grinds a concrete railing.
building. porch of a brick on people the group of A are sitting	A group of people are sitting on the porch of a brick building.
A at people it. campfire large around several night sitting with	A large campfire at night with several people sitting around it.
a camera man wearing a top tripod a loooking tank that's a on into	a man wearing a tank top loooking into a camera that's on a tripod
his onto tie another man ribbon a man arm. A helps red	A man helps another man tie a red ribbon onto his arm.
on the at water dusk. ship large A	A large ship on the water at dusk.
the man subway book. A and on at holds looks a bags his	A man on the subway holds his bags and looks at a book.
women across suits bathing sand. walks in the Two	Two women in bathing suits walks across the sand.
a girl, in plays green soccer. A field,	A girl, in a green field, plays soccer.
a down people. Two of street girls group are the walking towards bigger	Two girls are walking down the street towards a bigger group of people.
red a A a mat climbs kid carpet. festive little on	A little kid climbs a red mat on a festive carpet.
snow. in small dog running A brown	A small brown dog running in snow.
go in The is to little slide. preparing the down pigtails girl	The little girl in pigtails is preparing to go down the slide.
boys other. arms each around Three with	Three boys with arms around each other.
in a its mouth with flip flop white pink running large along a puddle	a large white puddle running along with a pink flip flop in its mouth
group An stand bags sling a with of family across people. near overweight	An overweight family with sling across bags stand near a group of people.
white and a dog is carrying field. stick a in black A	A black and white dog is carrying a stick in a field.
running down a People two road. lane	People running down a two lane road.
in beige of man younger A in front man building. a in older a stands blue near	A older man in beige stands near a younger man in blue in front of a building.
over wearing for dresses picture. a women Two bare-back their look shoulder	Two women wearing bare-back dresses look over their shoulder for a picture.
stands jeans dog sidewalk. the and a wearing on A shirt	A dog wearing jeans and a shirt stands on the sidewalk.
for against picture pink woman A are and man a a posing wall.	A woman and man are posing for a picture against a pink wall.
men Two a a are for playing fighting ball. sport	Two men playing a sport are fighting for a ball.
outside Several station. a train people waiting	Several people waiting outside a train station.
green. while of is red, and players white, wearing soccer The competing team	The team of soccer players is competing while wearing red, white, and green.
play blue is A a in into climbing coat truck. little red boy a	A little boy in a blue coat is climbing into a red play truck.
one on pink, in two little blond Three girls, sunny blue, beach. play a in	Three little blond girls, two in blue, one in pink, play on a sunny beach.
down a hill. in formation roll Rollerbladers	Rollerbladers roll in formation down a hill.
dog A while the another watches. leaps in high air	A dog leaps high in the air while another watches.
the street. vest a on intot looking A side of crowd is of busy he worker people the yellow bright with city	A city worker with the bright yellow vest is looking intot he crowd of people on the side of a busy street.
with sweatshirt. teenage girl red teenager a A young to another talks	A young teenage girl talks to another teenager with a red sweatshirt.
the the log descent. in ride in enjoyment as they prepare in the Riders throw their arms watery for air	Riders in the log ride throw their arms in the air in enjoyment as they prepare for the watery descent.
with an is A girl bubbles bubble orange blowing wand. young	A young girl is blowing bubbles with an orange bubble wand.
climbs child a into go-kart. A	A child climbs into a go-kart.
slide spiral A on sliding down a is playground. a child	A child is sliding down a spiral slide on a playground.
blue of a the man shows picture. The in shirt	The man in the blue shirt shows of a picture.
their as mouth child covers a friend. to A they whisper	A child covers their mouth as they whisper to a friend.
riding rodeo. bull a a A man bucking at	A man riding a bucking bull at a rodeo.
on Men red soccer playing sand.	Men playing soccer on red sand.
on A girl a rope jumps sidewalk.	A girl jumps rope on a sidewalk.
An climber face. is an ice ascending covered rock	An climber is ascending an ice covered rock face.
posing camera a white red dancer and A dress. in the for	A dancer posing for the camera in a red and white dress.
yard. the in in jumps equestrian the An horse air	An equestrian jumps in the air in the horse yard.
cap dress The in and the baseball girl near ocean. blue the sitting the is	The girl in the blue dress and the baseball cap is sitting near the ocean.
a his print face. spiderman A outfit a with hood wearing on person looks up	A person wearing a spiderman print outfit looks up with a hood on his face.
white a Two gesture pink distance. mountain the in plastic at wearing people and	Two people wearing white and pink plastic gesture at a mountain in the distance.
boy bicycle on while a does in tricks park. a A	A boy does tricks on a bicycle while in a park.
with in sings a of a guitar building front grass. A woman and	A woman with a guitar sings in front of a building and grass.
A ramp. a grinds in orange an boy skateboard shirt	A boy in an orange shirt grinds a skateboard ramp.
A white rock climbing. in girl is	A girl in white is rock climbing.
in young a lake. running a at shallows child the	a young child running in the shallows at a lake.
a children down walking Two forest path.	Two children walking down a forest path.
and toddler with her face over all fingers. her with pudding eating A from hands	A toddler with pudding all over her face and hands from eating with her fingers.
man jacket bike a through wearing green riding snow. The is a deep	The man wearing a green jacket is riding a bike through deep snow.
woman a and a holding man black A looking down. leash	A woman holding a black leash and a man looking down.
in white Two the lake. swans	Two white swans in the lake.
is a a headscarf woman and sweater. A wearing blue blue	A woman is wearing a blue headscarf and a blue sweater.
intersection, in billboards Man city in in lit background. flag wrapped stands	Man wrapped in flag stands in city intersection, lit billboards in background.
he the is man the climbing up at ocean. looks blue near A beautiful cliff	A man looks up at the cliff he is climbing near the beautiful blue ocean.
on running a beach along sunny a dog is A day.	A dog is running along a beach on a sunny day.
bench sit boat the a people and a watch Two on water. on	Two people sit on a bench and watch a boat on the water.
of front cafe an at are sitting an building. outdoor in people Two old	Two people are sitting at an outdoor cafe in front of an old building.
Boston square. Black people in a dancing	Black people dancing in a Boston square.
is at the A through sledge night. boy a pushing snow	A boy is pushing a sledge through the snow at night.
asian white. Three wearing woman	Three asian woman wearing white.
talking a Two by men and poster box red a	Two men talking by a red box and a poster
scooter The on is a girl red	The girl is on a red scooter
A grass. dog through runs the	A dog runs through the grass.
climbing There bicycle ; on on the an back. umbrella, girl, and a a boy holding a is	There is a boy on a bicycle ; and a girl, holding an umbrella, climbing on the back.
excited is boy go-cart. riding a small The he be will	The small boy is excited he will be riding a go-cart.
from his A and in holding boy orange shirt yellow, his arms blue, out sides. a	A boy in a blue, yellow, and orange shirt holding his arms out from his sides.
A a man sidewalk is animal a on with a leash. small on	A man is on a sidewalk with a small animal on a leash.
and surface. sitting boats talking man tank sunglasses a white to is on a top a rock next to A woman in blonde	A blonde woman in a white tank top and sunglasses is talking to a man sitting next to boats on a rock surface.
boy A winks is young as eating. he	A young boy winks as he is eating.
a of girl holds bouquet flowers A	A girl holds a bouquet of flowers
a kicks A green soccer a field. wearing shirt a man along blue ball	A man wearing a blue shirt kicks a soccer ball along a green field.
water. boots A of girl rain the jumping into is off sidewalk puddle little muddy wearing a	A little girl wearing rain boots is jumping off the sidewalk into a puddle of muddy water.
snowboard. person on a a A doing trick	A person doing a trick on a snowboard.
A on in is a snow dog. person skis the with standing	A person is standing on skis in the snow with a dog.
young on two face The her while in with dots is front purple another girl her. girl red of wearing beads is blurred	The young girl with two red dots on her face is wearing purple beads while another girl is blurred in front of her.
A captured midair. skateboarder male is	A male skateboarder is captured midair.
jacket field. handstand red a in boy Young doing on sports a	Young boy in red jacket doing a handstand on a sports field.
and people a dog snow. in the Four play	Four people and a dog play in the snow.
a conical on wall sits fountain. next to A large a woman	A woman sits on a wall next to a large conical fountain.
hikers of snowy stand top at Two a the mountain.	Two hikers stand at the top of a snowy mountain.
skating ring a skater ice an around	an ice skater skating around a ring
tan dog the leaves. in A runs fall	A tan dog runs in the fall leaves.
couch. teeth their black dogs Two are white bearing a beside	Two black dogs are bearing their teeth beside a white couch.
jumping while bridge guys crossing up two a	two guys jumping up while crossing a bridge
by laughing is Woman brown she as licked a being dog.	Woman laughing as she is being licked by a brown dog.
winter front a overshadows mist winter of in gear A and in the him. landscape man	A mist overshadows a man in winter gear and the winter landscape in front of him.
left. Two at on the woman the the of looking women arm	Two women looking at the arm of the woman on the left.
views while together converse of women the of foliage. the group overlooking A	A group of women converse together while overlooking the views of the foliage.
man down a skis A snowy hill.	A man skis down a snowy hill.
wearing a people red. also crowd player A game a watching cheerleaders football of and with wearing red	A crowd of people watching a football game with a player wearing red and cheerleaders also wearing red.
A dog Frisbee. catching a	A dog catching a Frisbee.
hurdle A a dog over a jumps field. grass on	A dog jumps over a hurdle on a grass field.
a on lawn. A shirtless football man playing	A shirtless man playing football on a lawn.
A a a slide. helping is man with slide sunglasses child sunglasses down with	A man with sunglasses is helping a child with sunglasses slide down a slide.
into The brown crystal-clear pool. dog the is jumping	The brown dog is jumping into the crystal-clear pool.
throws A baseball. a mound pitcher a on	A pitcher on a mound throws a baseball.
Two wearing wooden hats cone on sit bench. a men	Two men wearing cone hats sit on a wooden bench.
Monster with the logo surfing. is A man shirt	A man with the Monster logo shirt is surfing.
snowy object A moving field through dog with black their an is mouth. a in	A black dog is moving through a snowy field with an object in their mouth.
running beach. the animal sand An at the through	An animal running through the sand at the beach.
swimmer doing A pool a backstrokes in	A swimmer doing backstrokes in a pool
blue with man is the sitting a A he woman person as in performer on jeans concert. at shoulders a of interacts onstage another	A man in blue jeans is sitting on the shoulders of another person as he interacts with a woman performer onstage at a concert.
off a jumping in A child bench. blue a shirt	A child in a blue shirt jumping off a bench.
little side walking little are side. boy by and girl The	The little boy and little girl are walking side by side.
sitting by A of covered at is a beach the woman lot seaweed.	A woman is sitting at the beach covered by a lot of seaweed.
playing. boy young a and baby A	A baby and a young boy playing.
woman. adult A of an face the little touches girl	A little girl touches the face of an adult woman.
man A an is snow. the on a in dogsled in orange snowsuit	A man in an orange snowsuit is on a dogsled in the snow.
riding naked A designs girl painted a flower in covered bicycle.	A naked girl covered in painted flower designs riding a bicycle.
little shorts playing blue A shirt playground. kaki boy a is a and on in	A little boy in a blue shirt and kaki shorts is playing on a playground.
is ball. and in boy the grey cap blue The a with playing jacket	The boy in the blue jacket and grey cap is playing with a ball.
dog mid-run brown grass. A in in	A brown dog in mid-run in grass.
produce on street. selling man the A	A man selling produce on the street.
of Huskies pack A ground. across the snowy run	A pack of Huskies run across the snowy ground.
is the A dog in brown walking water.	A brown dog is walking in the water.
players group A court. the basketball of on basketball stand	A group of basketball players stand on the basketball court.
reaching an A in up. orange shirt person	A person in an orange shirt reaching up.
the to lady child rain. in walk The and school	The lady and child walk to school in the rain.
natural man A rock. a is on climbing rock	A man is rock climbing on a natural rock.
Two run dogs a field. through	Two dogs run through a field.
Three people two snowmobiles. and	Three people and two snowmobiles.
of flowers. are playing Two red a in kids field	Two kids are playing in a field of red flowers.
an slide. inflatable boy down A slides water	A boy slides down an inflatable water slide.
in blocks A of concrete and jumping dog black is brown water. on the	A black and brown dog is jumping on blocks of concrete in the water.
black sand. dogs through Two run	Two black dogs run through sand.
down woman advertisment. is under facing sitting an A	A woman facing down is sitting under an advertisment.
A the lean snow. mountains, throwing young in man	A lean young man in the mountains, throwing snow.
boy Spiderman dressed as ringing A door a bell	A boy dressed as Spiderman ringing a door bell
of person is The top a on sitting horse.	The person is sitting on top of a horse.
behind the animal, small larger A larger animal face. leaps obscuring animal's tail the smaller a one's	A small animal leaps behind a larger animal, the larger animal's tail obscuring the smaller one's face.
girl a red A across jumps in path.	A girl in red jumps across a path.
dog across Orange grass. runs	Orange dog runs across grass.
a teams the together and from different hockey Several on ice. players referee are	Several hockey players from different teams and a referee are together on the ice.
a wooden reads of and in woman the door. A stoop sits	A woman sits and reads in the stoop of a wooden door.
the the While player ball ball jumps watches toward basket. helplessly, shoots another and one	While one ball player watches helplessly, another jumps and shoots the ball toward the basket.
men black wearing Two bagpipes. are hats and carrying	Two men are wearing black hats and carrying bagpipes.
a for ready ball throw gets his dog. man a to tennis	a man gets ready to throw a tennis ball for his dog.
dress. woman in black Man a suit at looking black in a a	Man in a black suit looking at a woman in a black dress.
structure pool. boy A of off a a into jumps	A boy jumps off of a structure into a pool.
rink. a small with skating red ice with on adult ice child skating An shirt an a	An adult ice skating with a small child with a red shirt on an ice skating rink.
his shadow brown of A in legs hind on the dog trees. some	A brown dog on his hind legs in the shadow of some trees.
down a people Five rocky backpacks hill. with hiking	Five people with backpacks hiking down a rocky hill.
A and woman walks. a as coat black wears she sunglasses	A woman wears sunglasses and a black coat as she walks.
woman in competition. a A jump long competing	A woman competing in a long jump competition.
a group children A are water of fountain. in	A group of children are in a water fountain.
multiple Above skydiving. people of view	Above view of multiple people skydiving.
over winter balcony. looks a white lady out older in clothes dressed An	An older lady dressed in winter clothes looks out over a white balcony.
forest. a rock darkened man green climbs a in A in	A man in green climbs a rock in a darkened forest.
are in people has long the front lady climbing and hair. Three mountain	Three people are mountain climbing and the lady in front has long hair.
a girl A blonde girl arms helmet. a in in white her has around	A blonde girl in white has her arms around a girl in a helmet.
in Large out the dog snow.	Large dog out in the snow.
a in football Three players a try uniform. uniforms player in red purple tackle to	Three football players in purple uniforms try to tackle a player in a red uniform.
while Two biting playfully jumping dogs other each	Two dogs biting each other playfully while jumping
air tall near flies skydiver the through building. a A	A skydiver flies through the air near a tall building.
blond dirty in playing a very the mud. boy young	a very dirty young blond boy playing in the mud.
a is in laughing. A swing girl toddler	A toddler girl in a swing is laughing.
high men speed. skateboards Two at	Two men skateboards at high speed.
dog treat white is A for a jumping	A white dog is jumping for a treat
a swing. girl sits on A	A girl sits on a swing.
of mechanical inside a digger. shirt climbing the wearing a is bucket A black boy	A boy wearing a black shirt is climbing inside the bucket of a mechanical digger.
A her naked woman painted. body with	A naked woman with her body painted.
the A corner sitting of snow building. and man a his in the husky at	A man and his husky sitting in the snow at the corner of a building.
sits cigarette. a a smoking in man A chair	A man sits in a chair smoking a cigarette.
in a person another suit in One a wall. by with arm a around his hat brown	One person in a brown suit with his arm around another in a hat by a wall.
running Two together grass. dogs through the are	Two dogs are running together through the grass.
A in field yellow a girl a scarf. with	A girl in a field with a yellow scarf.
of are front playing children soccer field in a in Similarly a dressed building. rocky	Similarly dressed children are playing soccer in a rocky field in front of a building.
of view some a mountains snowcapped large	a view of some large snowcapped mountains
a the wearing at sunglasses on young playing boy the shore beach	a young boy wearing sunglasses playing on the shore at the beach
in the along the beach sun. Someone runs bright	Someone runs along the beach in the bright sun.
hikes snowy mountain. down A a person	A person hikes down a snowy mountain.
concert. crowd of girls at A a	A crowd of girls at a concert.
the basketball sneakers wearing player is The a doing outfit white lay up. orange and	The basketball player wearing the white outfit and orange sneakers is doing a lay up.
blonde attempting playpen. room to climb green with Baby of in yellow out pigtails	Baby with blonde pigtails in yellow room attempting to climb out of green playpen.
running and onlookers is dog another brown nearby. grass with A of cut a field low across dog	A brown dog is running across a low cut field of grass with another dog and onlookers nearby.
for Three democrat election. hold an signs supporters	Three democrat supporters hold signs for an election.
on busy street. the neck a couple on kissing A	A couple kissing on the neck on a busy street.
a Two children playing on statue	Two children playing on a statue
man flying 6 a out of river other A people. filled with raft	A man flying out of a river raft filled with 6 other people.
boy smiling at in slide, Little camera woman background. blue down coming	Little boy coming at camera down blue slide, smiling woman in background.
wooden rides and small a A boy smiles. toy	A small boy rides a wooden toy and smiles.
high person a on A in jump making bicycle the is air. a	A person is on a bicycle making a jump high in the air.
dog large on A sits tan hill. a grassy	A large tan dog sits on a grassy hill.
of tattoo woman in holds paper piece The with a henna left her hand. a	The woman with a henna tattoo holds a piece of paper in her left hand.
a in of a corner stares set couple a cuddling on	a couple cuddling in a corner on a set of stares
child his looking glass. in is reflection at The	The child is looking at his reflection in glass.
after bull. The running the dog is	The dog is running after the bull.
sitting a The and with boy book. glasses is reading	The boy with glasses is sitting and reading a book.
tan, is a jumping A spraying male dog get bottle. up water to of drink from a	A tan, male dog is jumping up to get a drink of water from a spraying bottle.
Two other wrestle each with puppies	Two puppies wrestle with each other
flying kites a are People hillside. on gathered	People are gathered flying kites on a hillside.
rail a bridge. crowded leans child young a wooden A on against	A young child leans against a rail on a crowded wooden bridge.
green a bow-tie and camera. man the toward glasses wearing old An looking	An old man wearing a green bow-tie and glasses looking toward the camera.
sleeping. leather in male jacket Dark skinned	Dark skinned male in leather jacket sleeping.
holds baby A a table at a man the restaurant. on	A man holds a baby on the table at a restaurant.
people is are one stretch and wearing Two top. a pink-hooded hugging	Two people are hugging and one is wearing a pink-hooded stretch top.
thrown being bull A man a rodeo. off a is during	A man is being thrown off a bull during a rodeo.
the smiling women at camera. red Two wearing are	Two women wearing red are smiling at the camera.
with air a the A jumping in is man skateboard on it.	A man on a skateboard is jumping in the air with it.
red by football getting a man a jersey in looked his at knee another player	a football player in a red jersey getting his knee looked at by another man
tennis Closeup a racket with running a man of	Closeup of a man running with a tennis racket
grass. the dog A small through runs	A small dog runs through the grass.
spots A a through running with white is dog field. beige	A white dog with beige spots is running through a field.
a bike man A and under rides white sky. a blue	A man rides a bike under a blue and white sky.
dog standing is small field. A in a	A small dog is standing in a field.
walks The flowers. through the brown dog	The brown dog walks through the flowers.
model Ride biplane. a with	Ride with a model biplane.
two woman of A mouth purple in with the children cave. in a	A woman in purple with two children in the mouth of a cave.
on an course. A on outdoor a bike BMX riding is person	A person on a BMX bike is riding on an outdoor course.
gathered a stand water People are children and fountain. city in a barefoot near	People are gathered in a city and barefoot children stand near a water fountain.
man on to a board a attached four-wheeled A stands harness.	A man stands on a four-wheeled board attached to a harness.
cannonball girl boy a does pool watches. while a A into a	A boy does a cannonball into a pool while a girl watches.
front the white in boy blue skateboarding the black a in and The sign. flowers is in of and air	The boy in black is skateboarding in the air in front of the flowers and a white and blue sign.
his tattoo of has on another A man arm. who a hand man holding the	A man holding the hand of another man who has a tattoo on his arm.
his amidst on swing tire child trees. swings a stomach A on	A child swings on his stomach on a tire swing amidst trees.
a red in is in rock whilst another by being climber face a shirt. white a shirt a man scaling watched	a climber in a red shirt is scaling a rock face whilst being watched by another man in a white shirt.
is dog in water. A the	A dog is in the water.
billboard crooswalk street males them. behind Two with a a on corner	Two males on a street corner crooswalk with a billboard behind them.
in cellphone a Man him. with is behind young front on of train woman	Man is on cellphone in front of train with a young woman behind him.
grey man jacket a the on side of a wearing a standing street.	a man wearing a grey jacket standing on the side of a street.
points. A boy	A boy points.
a over hurdle. bicycle jumping A his cyclist carries while	A cyclist carries his bicycle while jumping over a hurdle.
wearing pose. red women and skimpy Five outfits black	Five women wearing skimpy red and black outfits pose.
A his priest the baby is a couple book ceremony their reads while at holding	A couple is holding their baby at a ceremony while the priest reads his book
grass. dog runs on brown A	A dog runs on brown grass.
footballer players tackled whilst in An three look red is by on. white other American players in being red	An American footballer in red is being tackled by three players in white whilst other red players look on.
woman by A a pointed the is at look on right. saying road white in sign	A woman in white is pointed at by a sign on the road saying look right.
a girls on large sit two rock.	two girls sit on a large rock.
people meeting. of a for A group gathered	A group of people gathered for a meeting.
A one is girl the pulling is and end of dog on a a pulling on rope other.	A dog is pulling on one end of a rope and a girl is pulling on the other.
water. near outside walk People sit the and	People sit and walk outside near the water.
underground an the cave. burrowing surround Rocks adventurer, of into an feet	Rocks surround the feet of an adventurer, burrowing into an underground cave.
people desk. sitting a group of around A	A group of people sitting around a desk.
a buildings. woman by A city walks river across	A woman walks by a river across city buildings.
a black ball. in running Two and dobermans brown field playing	Two black and brown dobermans running in a field playing ball.
skipping across the The is water. parasailer	The parasailer is skipping across the water.
Frisbee. a dog tan white red and jumping a after	a tan and white dog jumping after a red Frisbee.
beside a stonesign standing men are	men are standing beside a stonesign
A boy bubbles. blowing	A boy blowing bubbles.
The the two a have dogs snow in leash. red	The two dogs in the snow have a red leash.
collar black dog standing a a man with red a behind	a man standing behind a black dog with a red collar
a a trick skateboarder A ramp. on does	A skateboarder does a trick on a ramp.
a run in dogs field. Five black	Five black dogs run in a field.
black dog pool. into a jumping white and A	A black and white dog jumping into a pool.
the open donations. his man with case plays for A guitar	A man plays his guitar with the case open for donations.
woman and are in running a field. dog a A	A woman and a dog are running in a field.
yellow girl little holding onto in a handles. is dressed two red	a little girl dressed in yellow is holding onto two red handles.
speed crosses A water. boat red the	A red speed boat crosses the water.
in a is child flower a A field flowers. in print of dress	A child in a flower print dress is in a field of flowers.
two down flipping A skier is red on upside trees. between skis	A skier on red skis is flipping upside down between two trees.
A in rocky on yellow the woman looking sits beach water. object a a	A woman sits on a rocky beach looking a yellow object in the water.
and bow a taking the a capri A in in street. costume top pants tank woman	A woman in a tank top and capri pants costume taking a bow in the street.
in brown is The the water. dog waving	The brown dog is in the waving water.
The jersey and white is the guy blue running, red is in jersey falling. guy the and white the in and	The guy in the blue and white jersey is running, and the guy in the red and white jersey is falling.
the ocean. dog is walking the The beside sand on	The dog is walking on the sand beside the ocean.
brown wades into a A lake stick. a dog retrieve to	A brown dog wades into a lake to retrieve a stick.
a in and A white dog ball mouth. brown its runs tennis with	A brown and white dog runs with a tennis ball in its mouth.
through dog A runs water. the	A dog runs through the water.
street goth trees a background four walking people the with in down looking	four goth looking people walking down a street with trees in the background
behind a person tree. purple wearing tall A stands a jacket	A person wearing a purple jacket stands behind a tall tree.
progress. football in A game	A football game in progress.
ramp. a approaches A skateboarder	A skateboarder approaches a ramp.
at a enjoying on A child a yellow themselves park. slide	A child enjoying themselves on a yellow slide at a park.
a snowy near mountain. stand Two skiers	Two skiers stand near a snowy mountain.
seen in another field behind running is him. be of a A dog black and grass can dog black	A black dog is running in a field of grass and another black dog can be seen behind him.
along of running a ocean. is beach A the in dog front	A dog is running along a beach in front of the ocean.
bicycles. standing near A is outside many woman	A woman is standing outside near many bicycles.
little girl Spider-Man a while riding play suit A redheaded wears horse. a	A little redheaded girl wears a Spider-Man suit while riding a play horse.
on blue This man swing water. out the the over is rope swinging	This man is swinging on the rope swing out over the blue water.
house. outside dogs spotted a Three	Three spotted dogs outside a house.
barrier. in with naked crowd in A of is front hair and a standing cloth woman tattoos a pink	A naked woman with pink hair and tattoos is standing in a crowd in front of a cloth barrier.
leather brown and dog white A jumps a beige chair. onto	A brown and white dog jumps onto a beige leather chair.
man near drinks A tree. young a	A young man drinks near a tree.
A puck field hockey game. the a blocks goalie in	A goalie blocks the puck in a field hockey game.
wearing jumps boy haystacks. orange a from	a boy wearing orange jumps from haystacks.
boy jumps on a day. pool a into sunny bright A	A boy jumps into a pool on a bright sunny day.
playing bars. on little the Two girls parallel	Two little girls playing on the parallel bars.
pile runs red of a A hay. bright jacket through a child in	A child in a bright red jacket runs through a pile of hay.
skateboard folding a a that chair. man is A onto sitting on jumps	A man jumps onto a skateboard that is sitting on a folding chair.
with An man a bench behind bookstore red is children's older on next person sitting a both. them to a black	An older person is sitting on a red bench next to a black man with a children's bookstore behind them both.
women costumes Patrick's There Day St are in	There are women in St Patrick's Day costumes
the gettnig boy blue by face a water toy. young in A is splashed	A young boy is gettnig splashed in the face by a blue water toy.
mouth open its a towards cat raising A with calico paws an dog	A calico cat raising its paws towards a dog with an open mouth
a shirt jump plaid on a in a skateboard make ramp. on Person	Person in plaid shirt make a jump on a skateboard on a ramp.
The swinging whilst is in orange tennis airborne shirt player his racquet. the	The tennis player in the orange shirt is airborne whilst swinging his racquet.
are bus. a There three on women	There are three women on a bus.
all These sitting three shirts. are short each and near sleeved other, wearing are men	These three men are sitting near each other, and are all wearing short sleeved shirts.
with hair her around woman has holding a cup. brown the who A dyed man and blonde arm is	A woman with dyed blonde and brown hair has her arm around the man who is holding a cup.
fake Marx and with An older Goucho masks couple cigars.	An older couple with Goucho Marx masks and fake cigars.
in Someone biking bike. on a mountain red yellow jacket a	Someone in a yellow jacket mountain biking on a red bike.
fuzzy looks a craw it. goat A at boy a holds in and	A boy in a fuzzy goat holds a craw and looks at it.
Two women together. sitting	Two women sitting together.
in One another front hugging girl American of an flag. is girl	One girl is hugging another girl in front of an American flag.
festival. to kids outdoor yoga at an A woman teaches	A woman teaches yoga to kids at an outdoor festival.
on opposite billboard. a benches near men sides on sit Two	Two men sit on benches on opposite sides near a billboard.
Two men another while on yellow helmeted behind stands watching. man sit snowmobiles	Two helmeted men sit on yellow snowmobiles while another man stands behind watching.
tackled is player in being There a college a game.	There is a college player being tackled in a game.
woman dressed black a is and cup. This holding in	This woman is dressed in black and holding a cup.
out. attempts towards throw base first to A softball player runs her while pitcher the	A softball player runs towards first base while the pitcher attempts to throw her out.
wooden porch. dog jumping A a gold off	A gold dog jumping off a wooden porch.
boy a a helps man go-cart. steer A	A man helps a boy steer a go-cart.
little eating A blond-haired girl a peach. enjoys	A little blond-haired girl enjoys eating a peach.
a woman crowd. white the over peers glove wearing A	A woman wearing a white glove peers over the crowd.
a store workers are in aprons. Two wearing	Two workers in a store are wearing aprons.
is the through The running Dalmation woods.	The Dalmation is running through the woods.
stands in The ocean. the dog the sand near	The dog stands in the sand near the ocean.
dog creating and the shaking mist. from A water spray is fur its a	A dog is shaking the water from its fur creating a spray and mist.
each and fake a a mask wearing cigar couple a silly holding	a couple each wearing a silly mask and holding a fake cigar
The hula hoop. using a the on is girl sidewalk	The girl on the sidewalk is using a hula hoop.
mountains the background. the A young in in plays with water the boy	A young boy plays in the water with the mountains in the background.
are in Three boat. team in dog yellow uniforms a men a surrounding	Three men in team uniforms are surrounding a yellow dog in a boat.
on number the muzzled track. races The dog with eight dirt the	The muzzled dog with the number eight races on the dirt track.
playing guys football. Two	Two guys playing football.
on small beige dog two fingers biting a a a ladies couch black	a small black dog biting a ladies two fingers on a beige couch
in the black fenced-in snow a A yard. running poodle standard through	A black standard poodle running through the snow in a fenced-in yard.
girls what is card two " know reading " a this hold up ?	two girls hold up a card reading " know what this is " ?
beach holding on waiting A the board. is child boogie a	A child is waiting on the beach holding a boogie board.
something is A with a dog dog its golden in mouth. colliding that has black	A black dog is colliding with a golden dog that has something in its mouth.
a slide. A going down small boy blue	A boy going down a small blue slide.
under surfer bridge. a A	A surfer under a bridge.
Man back a with in to standing bus camera of front	Man with back to camera standing in front of a bus
mouth is baseball The cap, wide its open. dog a and wearing red has	The dog is wearing a red baseball cap, and has its mouth wide open.
grey weeds a and on surface small them. dog brown a behind large rocky dog A with	A large brown dog and a small grey dog on a rocky surface with weeds behind them.
in on field. a play A opposing are grassy of group vigorous in uniforms sports from teams young two men	A group of young men in sports uniforms from two opposing teams are in vigorous play on a grassy field.
girl little building. wearing the hat, and surrounded a in with A background wheelbarrow wood a by a playing	A little girl wearing a hat, playing surrounded by a wheelbarrow with wood in the background and a building.
overlooking a A ocean. sits the on man hill	A man sits on a hill overlooking the ocean.
man rock A on trees. near a sitting	A man sitting on a rock near trees.
lanterns People street the a down has red that hung walk paved buildings. from	People walk down a paved street that has red lanterns hung from the buildings.
another wrestle Two observes girls as arm	Two girls arm wrestle as another observes
larger Two a chase pond. dogs a around smaller dog	Two smaller dogs chase a larger dog around a pond.
on ground. rocky with camping equipment People	People with camping equipment on rocky ground.
the dog A standing sleek brown in large water. is	A large sleek brown dog is standing in the water.
are a A man dog a playing field and in	A man and a dog are playing in a field
hr waves. A naked in the woman child's ocean holds toppless while they hand stand	A toppless woman holds hr naked child's hand while they stand in the ocean waves.
race slides tires. its car of track A with the blue off back	A blue race car slides off of the track with its back tires.
sheep. a girl A towards going of heard	A girl going towards a heard of sheep.
stripy A street. a elderly green large along is a in shopping carrying cobbled dress bags woman	A large elderly woman in a green stripy dress is carrying shopping bags along a cobbled street.
a people Two bench sitting decorative of are on a building. outside	Two people are sitting on a bench outside of a decorative building.
pose stage. on Four a kids	Four kids pose on a stage.
is restaurant. scuba at cardboard boy a the wearing mask The	The boy is wearing a cardboard scuba mask at the restaurant.
The a is hill. man bike riding a down dirt	The man is riding a bike down a dirt hill.
skateboarder trick A performs a of crowd. front large a in	A skateboarder performs a trick in front of a large crowd.
Frisbee A a and brown dog. a throws hair with woman camera a short to seated	A seated woman with short hair and a camera throws a Frisbee to a brown dog.
girl A swing. a is on shirt a tire red in	A girl in a red shirt is on a tire swing.
tongue her showing purple A girl young	A young girl showing her purple tongue
canoes lake. Person in	Person canoes in lake.
white and camera into away from leaps dog pool. Black	Black and white dog leaps away from camera into pool.
starring a brown dog ball. A soccer at	A brown dog starring at a soccer ball.
a trick The doing on in midair. bike a man is	The man is doing a trick on a bike in midair.
while A dressed her blue on. enjoys white a putting shoe back in girl treat blue	A girl dressed in blue enjoys a blue treat while putting her white shoe back on.
baby a is a in A in blue shirt swing.	A baby in a blue shirt is in a swing.
gate. walking are clothes A a towards black white couple in	A couple in black clothes are walking towards a white gate.
a tree dog sniffs trunk. newly cut A	A dog sniffs a newly cut tree trunk.
brown in a A running dog grass. red is the vest wearing	A brown dog wearing a red vest is running in the grass.
down. woman in A up looking the sits tree	A woman sits up in the tree looking down.
a is sitting wooden black her chair. on a shirt in in woman feet A	A woman in a black shirt is sitting on her feet in a wooden chair.
the breed person. sheperd dog direction opposite a running of is A in German	A German sheperd breed dog is running in the opposite direction of a person.
snow Dogs playing in the	Dogs playing in the snow
guys with are nipple Two smiling. piercings	Two guys with nipple piercings are smiling.
obstacle. jumping a dog A brown over	A brown dog jumping over a obstacle.
and sit under A tree group a boys together of and talk girls	A group of boys and girls sit and talk together under a tree
sand. runs through the A boy	A boy runs through the sand.
near dressed her butterfly ballet wand tiny a statue. costume, waves The in a nutcracker girl	The tiny girl dressed in a butterfly ballet costume, waves her wand near a nutcracker statue.
young while boy smiles toothpaste. tube holding of A a	A young boy smiles while holding a tube of toothpaste.
shown back the the A of of hanging in representing truck. a float is times	A float representing the times of hanging is shown in the back of a truck.
A and grass. the dog white running shirted child green in	A white dog and green shirted child running in the grass.
on green dogs a lawn. Two wrestling	Two dogs wrestling on a green lawn.
kicks large baseball A boy really a	A boy kicks a really large baseball
in dogs the dirt running Two	Two dogs running in the dirt
walking large a a dog. black A with woman sweatshirt hooded in	A woman in a black hooded sweatshirt walking with a large dog.
climbs jacket blue in into a vehicle power wheels a boy a small	a small boy in a blue jacket climbs into a power wheels vehicle
wave. blue a large surfer the surfs young	a young surfer surfs the large blue wave.
kid bike over fence. a is his A jumping	A kid is jumping his bike over a fence.
mouth. an A is with object its orange dog through running water the in	A dog is running through the water with an orange object in its mouth.
in A climbs man yellow a a rock helmet up cliff.	A man in a yellow helmet climbs up a rock cliff.
handout for in begging wheelchair Elderly man	Elderly man in wheelchair begging for handout
the mouth. his dog in carries in water A stick a	A dog in the water carries a stick in his mouth.
dog running shaggy A grey	A grey shaggy dog running
background. with in people ramp doing skateboarder trick A the in a of three a front	A skateboarder doing a trick in front of a ramp with three people in the background.
black his boy wearing head young bowed with and white a a clever down shirt	a young boy wearing a clever black and white shirt with his head bowed down
A races snow-covered the the of slope yellow and woman in skier down in front black trees.	A woman skier in yellow and black races down the slope in front of the snow-covered trees.
water through dog in paddling pool. Small the is a	Small dog is paddling through the water in a pool.
a dog playing the A is on grass. small with ball	A small dog is playing with a ball on the grass.
The dog a fallen is on walking skinny tree. brown	The skinny brown dog is walking on a fallen tree.
money. man asking for The is	The man is asking for money.
women two kick boxing. are	two women are kick boxing.
in little a flowery dress. girl around A twirls	A little girl twirls around in a flowery dress.
a A view man bungee below from of jumping	A view from below of a man bungee jumping
dog husky running at an obstacle through a tunnel course. a yellow	a husky dog running through a yellow tunnel at an obstacle course.
streets. an people the anciet walking with city	an anciet city with people walking the streets.
large girl A in drinking chocolate small pink milkshake. shirt a a young	A small young girl in a pink shirt drinking a large chocolate milkshake.
going helmets a are Two around wearing turn. skateboarders	Two skateboarders wearing helmets are going around a turn.
A brown dog running grass. on	A brown dog running on grass.
children woman with three pole. deck and a A stand on a fishing	A woman and three children stand on a deck with a fishing pole.
stunt in city a cyclist a jumping of a front performing skyline. is	a cyclist is performing a jumping stunt in front of a city skyline.
policemen and sitting motorcycle camera. standing Two smile for one on the a	Two standing policemen and one sitting on a motorcycle smile for the camera.
of stove at jumps a A a woman back pan. from the high flames	A woman at a stove jumps back from the high flames of a pan.
rocks a on near children Three lake playing	Three children playing on rocks near a lake
swimsuits under boys water. in running Two standing	Two boys in swimsuits standing under running water.
a is man red seven blue driven marked car in race number by beige a A the with shirt. and	A red race car marked with the number seven is driven by a man in a blue and beige shirt.
two on with liquid are mixing a farm. A a adolescent bucket and man, boys	A man, adolescent and two boys are mixing a bucket with liquid on a farm.
tile in arms A kneeling a outstreached. on courtyard, shorts boy	A boy in shorts kneeling on a tile courtyard, arms outstreached.
dog the toward is A running camera.	A dog is running toward the camera.
bank. with of hat watermelons man red a front Shriner looking in a at A is	A man with a red Shriner hat is looking at watermelons in front of a bank.
swimsuit. blue in diving woman a A	A woman diving in a blue swimsuit.
chewing dog a toy. A on gray	A gray dog chewing on a toy.
on A woman. corn cob man to eats a talking the while	A man eats corn on the cob while talking to a woman.
on ledge brick a distance. in A standing the of is person picture something taking a	A person is standing on a brick ledge taking a picture of something in the distance.
pants, fence. climbing sandals are chain and Two link red wearing girls black pants, a	Two girls wearing red pants, black pants, and sandals are climbing a chain link fence.
chalk barn-like a a to woman front A drawing stands of next structure. in	A woman stands next to a chalk drawing in front of a barn-like structure.
suite air. in dressed the sign in a his concentrates peace with on young a boy footwork A	A young boy dressed in a suite concentrates on his footwork with a peace sign in the air.
a concrete next a little shirtless wall A where door a to leans blue child girl sits. on	A little girl leans on a concrete wall next to a blue door where a shirtless child sits.
the throw football player ready white The dressed to and red gets ball. in	The football player dressed in red and white gets ready to throw the ball.
A performs trick. a yellow man bike in	A man in yellow performs a bike trick.
Asian hat An a on stick balancing a man	An Asian man balancing a hat on a stick
photo Time playing a of in water. pool children two of lapse	Time lapse photo of two children playing in a pool of water.
ramp. a skateboarder A on	A skateboarder on a ramp.
of shade dog in A trees. the jumping	A dog jumping in the shade of trees.
a football getting tackle player	a football player getting tackle
dark a A down. man in jacket looking	A man in a dark jacket looking down.
a woman a on in sweater. man a brown shirt in leans smiling A	A smiling woman in a brown shirt leans on a man in a sweater.
stick sharp a outside. is chewing teeth dog A with on	A dog with sharp teeth is chewing on a stick outside.
hockey front in of field The scramble players goal. the	The field hockey players scramble in front of the goal.
in a rain. teenagers Two the huddle doorway in	Two teenagers huddle in a doorway in the rain.
a blue white and a top and dog brown leaping in pants Lady hurdle. dark astride	Lady in blue top and dark pants astride a white and brown dog leaping a hurdle.
catch in to backyard. ball jumping air jog a a in the is A	A jog is jumping in the air to catch a ball in a backyard.
is of the A harness girl building. suspended a in rope a in in air front	A girl in a rope harness is suspended in the air in front of a building.
A boy a into body of water. young falling	A young boy falling into a body of water.
Two hats are jackets a men standing on and terrace dressed	Two men dressed jackets and hats are standing on a terrace
holds camera t-shirt man a blue in , a A	A man in a blue t-shirt holds a camera ,
tire the shirt blue and swing. off is girl The the young jumping jeans in pink	The young girl in the pink shirt and blue jeans is jumping off the tire swing.
in toys. sitting children playing Three several with floor	Three children sitting in floor playing with several toys.
a kayak person A blue waves. the battles in	A person in a blue kayak battles the waves.
There game in progress. a is soccer	There is a soccer game in progress.
t-shirt. wearing glass the woman a in The white of a jacket is a red front is and in holding man she	The woman wearing a red jacket is holding a glass and she is in front of the man in a white t-shirt.
splashing shallow water. through is A dog wet	A wet dog is splashing through shallow water.
on a with A out lot the their ocean in waiting surfers boards of wave. stand	A lot of surfers stand out in the ocean with their boards waiting on a wave.
in jumping brown white up, stick and dog A is mouth. its with a	A brown and white dog is jumping up, with a stick in its mouth.
black man dog on mountain. a A stand a and rocky	A man and a dog stand on a black rocky mountain.
basketball There jumped. college is a shooting player a	There is a college basketball player shooting a jumped.
car blue the to a lone finish white and race line about cross	a lone blue and white race car about to cross the finish line
with a tunnel are wall. you the walking People short " ? written on Where " through	People walking through a short tunnel with " Where are you ? " written on the wall.
A clothes wearing young a Mouse in Mickey gym. boy jungle	A young boy wearing Mickey Mouse clothes in a jungle gym.
holding posing. young children other each Two and	Two young children holding each other and posing.
a with A dog jumping lawn. leafy brown across a red collar	A brown dog with a red collar jumping across a leafy lawn.
dogs Two field along run large brown playfully. a	Two large brown dogs run along a field playfully.
a dog. man The off attack padded an wearing clothing by fending is	The man wearing padded clothing is fending off an attack by a dog.
at a standing This policeman is of a carnival. front ride in	This policeman is standing in front of a ride at a carnival.
are pig. around with People gathered a watching children	People are gathered around watching children with a pig.
ball. a A leaps catch to dog coppery	A coppery dog leaps to catch a ball.
a naked with almost An stage on man fire.	An almost naked man on a stage with fire.
upside young down set a swing on girl A	A young girl upside down on a swing set
a a the while plays button-down shirt the in white in girl performing A singer guitar back. is	A singer in a white button-down shirt is performing while a girl plays the guitar in the back.
by being people grass standing watched silver car in around curve and Blue going	Blue and silver car going around curve being watched by people standing in grass
on lake. Man a a in still canoe	Man in a canoe on a still lake.
man a down railing. a skateboard	a man skateboard down a railing.
ski in in snow skis man the air, hill, spraying down the lifts A background. the	A man skis down the hill, spraying snow in the air, ski lifts in the background.
and signs pass road. on woman rural ride cyclists Man	Man and woman cyclists ride pass signs on rural road.
wearing is up pink large jacket. A girl a at dog jumping the	A large dog is jumping up at the girl wearing a pink jacket.
yellow Racing with vest dog number 8	Racing dog with yellow number 8 vest
jumps soccer in ball. A towards red a a uniform man	A man in a red uniform jumps towards a soccer ball.
rock rock two is faces. climbing A person large between	A person is rock climbing between two large rock faces.
Candles while a cake baby. on a lit man are a holds	Candles are lit on a cake while a man holds a baby.
scaling A large man dusk. at is boulder a	A man is scaling a large boulder at dusk.
kid water is A down big slide. going a	A kid is going down a big water slide.
small a A the up. has bottom hair of at sticking child slide	A small child at the bottom of a slide has hair sticking up.
him a with man with people of crowd a behind firecracker watching. A	A man with a firecracker with a crowd of people behind him watching.
above snowy in hill. midair Snowboarder	Snowboarder in midair above snowy hill.
lawn grassy lays black a dog on A in covered leaves.	A black dog lays on a grassy lawn covered in leaves.
a wall dog over a at a jumping the water. near small beach	a dog jumping over a small wall at a beach near the water.
buying the if something jacket as was vendor. red from the open woman she The air in looks	The woman in the red jacket looks as if she was buying something from the open air vendor.
woman a wearing riding bicycle. A naked body paint	A naked woman wearing body paint riding a bicycle.
standing Three ruined people on building the their arms with are outstretched.	Three people are standing on the ruined building with their arms outstretched.
a city A group at people walk down street night. of	A group of people walk down a city street at night.
the his woman smirks out man a tongue camera, at A at it. sticks	A man sticks his tongue out at the camera, a woman smirks at it.
look matching skull people while people other two their Two off show tattoos on.	Two people show off their matching skull tattoos while two other people look on.
two together. play toddlers	two toddlers play together.
another lake canoe from A in seen canoe. distance on the a as	A canoe in the distance on a lake as seen from another canoe.
from stand atop men a Three boat Washington. Seattle	Three men stand atop a boat from Seattle Washington.
food. young Two serve people	Two young people serve food.
ring brown jumps while watch. of fire people dog a light two A through	A light brown dog jumps through a ring of fire while two people watch.
A to slide. playground on a the of child is holding top	A child is holding on to the top of a playground slide.
ready runners get track. race to on a Two	Two runners get ready to race on a track.
tire. plays tiger with a A dog striped	A tiger striped dog plays with a tire.
for pose picture. and wearing a both woman man black A coats	A man and woman both wearing black coats pose for a picture.
smiling. jacket A blue a in child	A child in a blue jacket smiling.
A wall. along a youth white wearing a bicycle on riding a sweater	A youth on a bicycle wearing a white sweater riding along a wall.
walking black of stream dog is a through A water.	A black dog is walking through a stream of water.
large A surrounded white boy a in people. red kicks shirt a and while baseball by	A boy in a red and white shirt kicks a large baseball while surrounded by people.
area. posing concert group in A a of people	A group of people posing in a concert area.
a is performing with Man a on bicycle a ramp. trick	Man is performing a trick with a bicycle on a ramp.
tidal A a happily day. dog in on overflow cloudy plays	A dog happily plays in tidal overflow on a cloudy day.
A girl metal a and boy slide. down a go	A boy and a girl go down a metal slide.
racing. black motorcyclist and white, orange, A	A orange, white, and black motorcyclist racing.
female a surfer	a female surfer
skateboarding the A steps on man of side	A man skateboarding on the side of steps
a in Two men with outside cold. the stand building glasses stone	Two men with glasses stand outside a stone building in the cold.
on brown dog above beam standing water. black and a A	A black and brown dog standing on a beam above water.
in a a woman brown dogs and yard	brown dogs and a woman in a yard
trail riding on bike man	man riding bike on trail
man A drum. black-yellow in carnival the feathers, playing	A man in black-yellow carnival feathers, playing the drum.
dog pool. a with plays a A in kiddie ball	A dog plays with a ball in a kiddie pool.
baseball A a on jeans resting couch. and cap brown person a in	A person in a baseball cap and jeans resting on a brown couch.
at camera. in lady the dressed is kimono looking a A	A lady dressed in a kimono is looking at the camera.
a fence. snow in dogs Three by the	Three dogs in the snow by a fence.
catches ball A small indoors. a tennis dog	A small dog catches a tennis ball indoors.
a a game. playing wearing gold a young children's white coat child	a young child wearing a white coat playing a children's gold game.
extravagant costumes. people Three doing are ballet in exercises	Three people are doing ballet exercises in extravagant costumes.
a put man poorly kids by a walking and are shack. Two together	Two kids and a man are walking by a poorly put together shack.
hat A a a white woman book. reading in	A woman in a white hat reading a book.
man on single support riding hand. water on holding to a a A with the one board,	A man riding the water on a single board, holding on to a support with one hand.
pool. blue jumps a young A wearing boy a kiddie into red swimsuit	A young boy wearing a red swimsuit jumps into a blue kiddie pool.
in dog field. black and a a white A dog	A white dog and a black dog in a field.
mat. Two blue boys on martial do a arts	Two boys do martial arts on a blue mat.
up dog A looks ground over laying dog standing him. at the the on	A dog laying on the ground looks up at the dog standing over him.
inside face little a boy painted with pumpkin	little boy with face inside a painted pumpkin
small a dogs Two ball white chasing red	Two small white dogs chasing a red ball
water. in A wakeboarding person the	A person wakeboarding in the water.
in his while boy seat face sitting making A a car	A boy making a face while sitting in his car seat
woman smiling onto a the camera holding camera. A at	A woman holding onto a camera smiling at the camera.
presentation. A a classroom of watching students	A classroom of students watching a presentation.
the woman adjust and man together to the camera. The worked	The man and the woman worked together to adjust the camera.
of off sized dusty medium A jumps a creek. over a child bank	A medium sized child jumps off of a dusty bank over a creek.
away him black. white dressed runs in from in A men dressed two man chasing	A man dressed in white runs away from two men chasing him dressed in black.
black Two run the large dogs through snow.	Two large black dogs run through the snow.
on in dog a of running line is posts an and A of obstacle course. out	A dog is running in and out of a line of posts on an obstacle course.
snow crossing field. a with hikers backpacks Two	Two hikers with backpacks crossing a snow field.
the bullet woods. fires from a a Someone into handgun	Someone fires a bullet from a handgun into the woods.
a woman holding and is for a child The posing picture.	The woman is holding a child and posing for a picture.
with boa feather A sidewalk. woman a pink strolls down the large	A large woman with a pink feather boa strolls down the sidewalk.
a large out looking in Some building. people windows	Some people looking out windows in a large building.
wave. sized A a surfer good catches	A surfer catches a good sized wave.
outside. drinks man orange juice walks A and	A man drinks orange juice and walks outside.
man chin. sits rubs A his and	A man sits and rubs his chin.
butter a out jar. of A dog eats peanut	A dog eats peanut butter out of a jar.
group in players a A huddle. basketball of	A group of basketball players in a huddle.
around car coming lots curve race of creating gravel on course a A dust a	A race car coming around a curve on a gravel course creating lots of dust
paraskier mountain. A on landing a is	A paraskier is landing on a mountain.
a boy wearing a playing rocket. outfit blue with young a	a young boy wearing a blue outfit playing with a rocket.
in girl a of in water the middle of the little A stands puddle street.	A little girl stands in a puddle of water in the middle of the street.
bubbles with are group playing of outdoors. children A	A group of children are playing with bubbles outdoors.
the A shoreline. yellow runs along wet dog	A wet yellow dog runs along the shoreline.
the smiles A for a and picture. woman holds baby	A woman holds a baby and smiles for the picture.
water. with the collar dog A red splashes in white	A white dog with red collar splashes in the water.
the top is in walking on bikini a Woman beach	Woman in a bikini top is walking on the beach
of the snow. his A red in the tent pokes out head man	A man pokes his head out of the red tent in the snow.
of onstage in to of group kids an standing audience are ready A front perform.	A group of kids are standing onstage in front of an audience ready to perform.
at dog. jumps a shepherd white A German small	A German shepherd jumps at a small white dog.
pink living shirt in well a from a A to apportioned another girl one room. jumping couch in	A girl in a pink shirt jumping from one couch to another in a well apportioned living room.
up is There to doors. stuck mud the jeep a in	There is a jeep stuck in mud up to the doors.
hats. hard waterfall Two shorts rope wearing up climb a using while and a men	Two men climb up a waterfall using a rope while wearing shorts and hard hats.
in red girls jerseys soccer Two playing	Two girls in red jerseys playing soccer
take a Motorcycle racers turn. sharp	Motorcycle racers take a sharp turn.
jumping playful sand. on dog the A is	A playful dog is jumping on the sand.
a helmet rollerblading. performing with while Man trick	Man with helmet performing a trick while rollerblading.
near the at a of end A lake. person pier is a squatting	A person is squatting at the end of a pier near a lake.
A growls. brown dog	A brown dog growls.
a of people man is in The two red the shirt the hugging. picture taking	The man in the red shirt is taking a picture of the two people hugging.
truck a silver in is a with wearing smiling girl A the black top background.	A girl wearing a black top is smiling with a silver truck in the background.
uniformed attacking a culprit practicing a dog is black A on man. large,	A large, black dog is practicing attacking a culprit on a uniformed man.
the A holding up and out drinking big little pouring a hose water the girl is is water and water. yellow is dog brown	A little girl is holding up a yellow water hose and water is pouring out and the big brown dog is drinking the water.
fireplace. by poses the family happy A	A happy family poses by the fireplace.
puppies. and A white nursing dog black black	A black dog nursing black and white puppies.
band. watch little Three a girls	Three little girls watch a band.
on boy top a slide. A of the	A boy on the top of a slide.
dog a snow. white jumps the in	a white dog jumps in the snow.
rock A man climbing.	A man rock climbing.
group in pattern sticks. of young woman with directs A people white a making a	A woman in white directs a group of young people making a pattern with sticks.
guy A trick to a on skateboard a about do	A guy on a skateboard about to do a trick
to berry. a attempts tortoise A eat	A tortoise attempts to eat a berry.
women scarves wearing are their heads. an lavender Two	Two women are wearing lavender scarves an their heads.
is a a A blue bend. back doing in sweatshirt person	A person in a blue sweatshirt is doing a back bend.
young boy around. is A dancing	A young boy is dancing around.
throwing is object an running man at a dog A away. who	A man throwing an object at a dog who is running away.
while game. A ball runner catch baseman in the a a to to make a community base tries tries	A baseman tries to catch a ball while a runner tries to make the base in a community game.
A while blows dress pink jubilant is a girl in woman a bubbles nearby.	A girl in a pink dress is jubilant while a woman blows bubbles nearby.
down beach its trotting A toy a in the mouth. with dog	A dog trotting down the beach with a toy in its mouth.
with stands older runs, dog with eyes A an blue eyes blue behind. puppy	A puppy with blue eyes runs, an older dog with blue eyes stands behind.
the dirt leaps through A air. biker	A dirt biker leaps through the air.
is black A wet dog. dog away from black running another	A wet black dog is running away from another black dog.
cake. and his lit a with family celebrating Boy brightly his birthday	Boy and his family celebrating his birthday with a brightly lit cake.
man on beach. dog the A a and	A man and a dog on the beach.
matador swords. struck charging a stabs is bull as his he by with The it	The matador is struck by a charging bull as he stabs it with his swords.
wakeboarder. A	A wakeboarder.
short-haired apron shirt man a woman in with a on. blond black a striped hugging A	A man in a striped shirt hugging a blond short-haired woman with a black apron on.
while White and across drooling. runs Black lawn Dog a	Black and White Dog runs across a lawn while drooling.
in to and wheelchair the shirt hat. gives the the man in The man tan	The man in the tan shirt gives to the man in the wheelchair and hat.
stand a front. mountain A window onlookers while large range in with	A large window with a mountain range while onlookers stand in front.
Guy jumping volleyball shorts in up red in front net of	Guy in red shorts jumping up in front of volleyball net
gives the in boy being two snow thumbs A up.	A boy gives being in the snow two thumbs up.
Man with feet air the in water on of one playground in body equipment on a background. the arm with standing	Man standing on one arm with feet in the air on playground equipment with a body of water in the background.
a Friends enjoy campfire.	Friends enjoy a campfire.
jumping black white and a by surrounded the snow air in dog	a black and white dog jumping in the air surrounded by snow
mounted A man talks policeman. to a	A man talks to a mounted policeman.
hawk A is its flying, trailing from legs. lines	A hawk is flying, trailing lines from its legs.
A white a is chewing ropey spots black on toy. dog with brown	A white dog with brown spots is chewing on a ropey black toy.
white each fluffy and white sheep smell other. two A dog	A fluffy white dog and two white sheep smell each other.
brown white a dog and a on some grass. chasing ball	a brown and white dog chasing a ball on some grass.
down go prepares child young the The slide. to	The young child prepares to go down the slide.
grinding A a Rollerblades concrete on handrail. down man	A man on Rollerblades grinding down a concrete handrail.
lake standing A fishing. a man in	A man standing in a lake fishing.
A water. above small chasing a dog just small black brown dog fluffy	A small black dog chasing a small fluffy brown dog just above water.
the object. red a a collar and sits behind dog wearing small stone in sand is The	The small dog is wearing a red collar and sits in the sand behind a stone object.
in grassy brown A small dog a field. a dog black looks larger at	A small black dog looks at a larger brown dog in a grassy field.
black A a muzzle swimming brown in dog water. with	A black dog with a brown muzzle swimming in water.
pitted up face. freestyle A half-way a stone male rock-climber perches	A male freestyle rock-climber perches half-way up a pitted stone face.
Boy riding a horse.	Boy riding a horse.
people tram are during nighttime. the Two sitting a on	Two people are sitting on a tram during the nighttime.
Someone off parachute a has cliff. a purple with jumped	Someone with a purple parachute has jumped off a cliff.
holding and dog midair is a while grab dog A air man another to the it is a watches. in in treat trying up	A man is holding a treat up in the air and a dog is in midair trying to grab it while another dog watches.
hill, struggles. kids climb a Four one snowy	Four kids climb a snowy hill, one struggles.
in people off in white a up pink at Two gloves and dressed snow stare covered distance. the glacier sheets	Two people dressed up in white sheets and pink gloves stare at a snow covered glacier off in the distance.
on a person A green is midair. board in snowboarding	A person on a green board is snowboarding in midair.
an her around at seat little girl turned is in A event.	A little girl is turned around in her seat at an event.
crawling into blue bouncy a house. inflatable A blonde girl little	A little blonde girl crawling into a blue inflatable bouncy house.
boots and black wearing The a also white is headphones. jacket woman wearing and red	The woman wearing a black and white jacket and red boots is also wearing headphones.
the referee the red A player outfit looks in on. as dribbling around basketball a player in is whit outfit a ball a	A basketball player in a whit outfit is dribbling the ball around a player in a red outfit as the referee looks on.
Large soccer ball snow playing with dog in brown	Large brown dog playing with soccer ball in snow
feet. it water covers a her as woman in A red beach the jacket the facing on stands	A woman in a red jacket stands on the beach facing the water as it covers her feet.
with hillside below him. on poles of hiking the a view A two city stands hiker a with	A hiker with two hiking poles stands on a hillside with a view of the city below him.
carrying dog a ball the road. is brown up A	A brown dog is carrying a ball up the road.
store. A a records guy girl for and a music shop in	A girl and a guy shop for records in a music store.
dirt. A eats toddler	A toddler eats dirt.
a A intersection. sidewalk with a traffic town of quiet in a view	A quiet sidewalk in a town with a view of a traffic intersection.
A boat. wakeboarding man behind a is	A man is wakeboarding behind a boat.
a to A play tossed dog that tries to ball it. with is	A dog tries to play with a ball that is tossed to it.
brown, A sand. black the runs in dog and white,	A brown, white, and black dog runs in the sand.
the is Frisbee the on grass. red running white dog A towards	A white dog is running towards the red Frisbee on the grass.
his rooftop friend. doing This flies skateboarder to trick impress a high	This rooftop skateboarder flies high doing a trick to impress his friend.
shirt brick a striped A red garden. on girl wearing near a sitting black and wall a flower is	A girl wearing a red and black striped shirt is sitting on a brick wall near a flower garden.
in of headscarfs at somthing Three look out women frame.	Three women in headscarfs look at somthing out of frame.
in dog black a jumping A over course. white fence an is and obstacle	A black and white dog is jumping over a fence in an obstacle course.
girl rides toy Spider-Man a horse. outfit young A a in	A young girl in a Spider-Man outfit rides a toy horse.
going over snowboarder ramp. A a	A snowboarder going over a ramp.
small child in a A tree.	A small child in a tree.
shore is of on lake at a dancing dusk. woman The the	The woman is dancing on the shore of a lake at dusk.
blue goggles. child wearing little is The	The little child is wearing blue goggles.
with scooters red A in ride hill down on rollerblades. people of the group clothing	A group of people in red clothing with scooters ride down the hill on rollerblades.
dog another stick dog shepherd is carrying behind in its mouth. that German running German a is a shepherd	a German shepherd dog is running behind another German shepherd dog that is carrying a stick in its mouth.
in bird Dog and together water.	Dog and bird together in water.
Black climbs logs over dog or boards. fallen	Black dog climbs over fallen logs or boards.
with hands. his a boy is running a basketball in	a boy is running with a basketball in his hands.
A a front child a a and of couple a stroller in dog walking store. in	A couple walking a dog and a child in a stroller in front of a store.
A boy swims snorkel underwater. orange an in mask	A boy in an orange snorkel mask swims underwater.
does steps A outside. skateboard trick near man a young	A young man does a skateboard trick near steps outside.
the a barrel. snowboarder red air A near in	A snowboarder in the air near a red barrel.
photographer A smiling	A smiling photographer
a over body people of a cliff Three on rocky water.	Three people on a rocky cliff over a body of water.
A a man jumps hill. off	A man jumps off a hill.
skates down the rails. rider stair The	The rider skates down the stair rails.
the white tan ears through running A is with snow dog	A white dog with tan ears is running through the snow
a up is climbing boy ladder. The rope	The boy is climbing up a rope ladder.
a against pole. man metal A leans	A man leans against a metal pole.
on Person slope lift skiing near ski	Person skiing on slope near ski lift
her holds a hand. lady A in bride's shoe	A lady holds a bride's shoe in her hand.
kids water Three balloons. throwing	Three kids throwing water balloons.
building. large of in a stand people front apartment A of group	A group of people stand in front of a large apartment building.
protest in colored banner man with staring busy a dark from street people A holding a behind. city is	A dark colored man is holding a protest banner in a busy city street with people staring from behind.
bathroom bathrobe towel. a the A from young and girl in wrapped black emerges	A young black girl emerges from the bathroom wrapped in a bathrobe and towel.
costumes direction. a same area the with in looking People gathered are wooded	People with costumes are gathered in a wooded area looking the same direction.
pink a in A hoodie picture. woman a takes young	A young woman in a pink hoodie takes a picture.
on it track is a number greyhound jacked black A running 8 on red a with and a yellow with stripped	A greyhound with a yellow and black stripped jacked with a red number 8 on it is running on a track
the with wave on A in others two surfer a background.	A surfer on a wave with two others in the background.
in around the puppies two grass playing	two puppies playing around in the grass
flips his A flat expanse of on a man skateboard concrete.	A man flips his skateboard on a flat expanse of concrete.
ramp. men do figures young on Two cycle	Two young men do cycle figures on ramp.
one a men at carnival. with a Two beard	Two men one with a beard at a carnival.
man a is over in A on spectators. dirt of motorcycle front hill a jumping	A man on a motorcycle is jumping over a dirt hill in front of spectators.
of through running low dogs water. Two body lying a	Two dogs running through a low lying body of water.
short at magazines rack a sidewalk. on the skirt of a girl wearing looking a	a girl wearing a short skirt looking at a rack of magazines on the sidewalk.
young boy jumping A	A young boy jumping
by Roman side off side shooting people Candles stand	people stand side by side shooting off Roman Candles
night People outside. inside while around people shop other a at walk	People inside a shop at night while other people walk around outside.
racket. the player swings The tennis white in dressed	The tennis player dressed in white swings the racket.
flaps its goose wings. A	A goose flaps its wings.
grass. with A dog is suit on fake blue toy brown playing a over with a	A brown dog with a blue suit on is playing with a toy over fake grass.
brown, white and run Two one black. bark outdoors, white dogs and and one	Two dogs run and bark outdoors, one white and brown, one white and black.
little is at looking dog ball. A a red	A little dog is looking at a red ball.
scooter a A child riding indoors.	A child riding a scooter indoors.
restaurant A building. a dress yellow a at looks in girl	A girl in a yellow dress looks at a restaurant building.
women city on a Two sit train.	Two women sit on a city train.
young for pond. the boy runs a	a young boy runs for the pond.
A woodland. through running is white and brown dog	A brown and white dog is running through woodland.
leaping catch brown A to ball. dog a	A brown dog leaping to catch a ball.
The park. at reflection boy in the looks asian young his	The young asian boy looks at his reflection in the park.
men doing jumps some Two outside.	Two men doing some jumps outside.
running the to playing catch softball, ball. A woman	A woman playing softball, running to catch the ball.
stained baseball sticking with are caps Two tongues. out wearing boys green	Two boys with wearing baseball caps are sticking out green stained tongues.
stand by Two the people water.	Two people stand by the water.
A dog quickly through running the woods.	A dog running quickly through the woods.
crossed. her A upset who looks girl with arms	A girl who looks upset with her arms crossed.
small touch a over women to Two kangaroo. bend	Two women bend over to touch a small kangaroo.
a decorated are Various around members gathering a of dining table. family	Various members of a family are gathering around a decorated dining table.
blond A flight dog down to backyard. the of runs a stairs	A blond dog runs down a flight of stairs to the backyard.
stands dog the and off. shakes brown The water in	The brown dog stands in the water and shakes off.
the vehicles staring people at the dirt A on line of track	A line of people staring at the vehicles on the dirt track
little down woman with boy her slide is lap. a water on sliding A a	A woman is sliding down a water slide with a little boy on her lap.
watching on beach play dogs the Man four	Man watching four dogs play on the beach
chasing young on beach A boy the gull a	A young boy chasing a gull on the beach
yellow is running snowy and dog down sandy A hill. a	A yellow dog is running down a sandy and snowy hill.
brown dog jumping is a pond. A into	A brown dog is jumping into a pond.
A under air ninja a as dressed tree. the large child through a jumping is	A child dressed as a ninja is jumping through the air under a large tree.
crouched of horizontal a man top A is on tree.	A man is crouched on top of a horizontal tree.
Two in play snow out the grass. covered dogs	Two dogs play out in the snow covered grass.
lady is getting ready to mouth. her cover be to Older appears	Older lady is appears to be getting ready to cover her mouth.
is shirt on bearded white man a black shorts a woodland a in and path. hiking	a bearded man in a white shirt and black shorts is hiking on a woodland path.
sitting A and horse black small on a sand. brown thin horse standing	A thin brown horse standing and a small black horse sitting on sand.
biking rides and gear street. in blue white man busy a down A	A man in blue and white biking gear rides down a busy street.
elephant is some covered in and something trunk bright-colored is fabric. its by An carrying	An elephant is carrying something in its trunk and is covered by some bright-colored fabric.
wearing white are muzzles dogs small Five and running.	Five small white dogs are wearing muzzles and running.
peaks. covered Snow	Snow covered peaks.
from drinking A wearing leaned wall white cup. coat a is man a against	A man wearing a coat is leaned against wall drinking from a white cup.
stand ocean the a from the two day. sunny men shore women on and Three facing	Three men and two women stand facing the ocean from the shore on a sunny day.
she water arms looks sun. at as raises over A her setting the out woman the	A woman raises her arms as she looks out over the water at the setting sun.
ear. is a small cow's a into barking dog	a small dog is barking into a cow's ear.
A of dances front in a backdrop. young girl colorful hula	A young girl hula dances in front of a colorful backdrop.
Terrier Blonde mouth with on in standing blanket Scottish ball	Blonde Scottish Terrier with ball in mouth standing on blanket
in dog field snowy over a or with his log runs a A white lawn, jaws.	A white dog runs over a snowy field or lawn, with a log in his jaws.
brown a is field. in running alongside dog dog black a A	A brown dog is running alongside a black dog in a field.
A blowing is a woman the from dandelion. seeds	A woman is blowing the seeds from a dandelion.
and men a woman. bearded Two	Two bearded men and a woman.
at the plants of farm products store. Racks	Racks of plants at the farm products store.
The swings. girl	The girl swings.
teenage children playing young girl a is who blindfolded. Two with are	Two young children are playing with a teenage girl who is blindfolded.
her down her hand sitting under woman proped a chin with	a woman sitting down with her hand proped under her chin
at a young rides black A top a and yellow skateboard the ramp. man of	A young man rides a yellow and black skateboard at the top of a ramp.
young Mr. A teeth and Potato Head glasses. wearing boy	A young boy wearing Mr. Potato Head teeth and glasses.
guy surfing. A	A guy surfing.
Skateboarder black an and with performing ollie in white skate hat park. a	Skateboarder with black and white hat performing an ollie in a skate park.
a field. dog is A digging	A dog is digging a field.
sitting in cloudy A a a a park on day bench on woman	A woman sitting on a bench in a park on a cloudy day
a dog up A head. OT catch above on is ball its backlegs trying its	A dog is up on its backlegs trying OT catch a ball above its head.
boy A to gray in girl a white next a a shirt. couch on sits	A girl sits on a white couch next to a boy in a gray shirt.
smiles shirt man a camera the wearing Obama A Barack for	A man wearing a Barack Obama shirt smiles for the camera
shows swing a park excitement child at small A the on set	A small child shows excitement on a swing set at the park
snowy ski skiing poles Person two with a down hill.	Person with two ski poles skiing down a snowy hill.
a the is being water. attached dragged harness through person to A	A person attached to a harness is being dragged through the water.
his a in riding traffic bike man	a man riding his bike in traffic
through rides person a a grassy field. motorbike A	A person rides a motorbike through a grassy field.
one shoe with blue one girl and blue shoe dress a some candy cotton is off eating on. The in	The girl in a blue dress is eating some blue cotton candy with one shoe off and one shoe on.
the woods. in The is boy jumping	The boy is jumping in the woods.
frying The pan. dirty with a person is the holding tattoos	The person with the tattoos is holding a dirty frying pan.
face being of escorted red mouth piece and her makeup hanging A a fabric man police from a officer. with is by	A man with face makeup and a red piece of fabric hanging from her mouth is being escorted by a police officer.
down a stairs. railing of some glides skateboarder A	A skateboarder glides down a railing of some stairs.
in A pool. submerges woman natural herself a nude	A nude woman submerges herself in a natural pool.
boat carrying People a equipment. on	People on a boat carrying equipment.
a into helmet blue leans A sharp his on motorcycle. a with man turn	A man with a blue helmet leans into a sharp turn on his motorcycle.
table coffee sitting Two a at are men a shop. outside	Two men are sitting at a table outside a coffee shop.
in dog A a mouth outside. its with ball sitting	A dog with a ball in its mouth sitting outside.
boy climbs up some A rocks.	A boy climbs up some rocks.
hallway floors. girl young A runs a with down wooden	A young girl runs down a hallway with wooden floors.
are a attached on top ropes. Two of mountain climbers sitting to	Two climbers are sitting on top of a mountain attached to ropes.
game. of group chess people watching a A	A group of people watching a chess game.
lying blue the on Child and in goggles wearing grass its head. swim	Child lying in the grass and wearing blue swim goggles on its head.
very an little area shake with in off Two dogs water vegetation.	Two dogs shake off water in an area with very little vegetation.
shirt in man a A flower bowling. is patterned	A man in a flower patterned shirt is bowling.
a dances skirt little purple a in girl A park. in puffy	A little girl in a puffy purple skirt dances in a park.
girl the ocean dusk. playing A is in at	A girl is playing in the ocean at dusk.
out in to Dog snow catch jumping the woods. falling	Dog jumping to catch falling snow out in the woods.
light black with Two neckties hold wearing foil dressed a brown routine doing pom while in poms girls others.	Two girls dressed in light brown wearing black neckties hold foil pom poms while doing a routine with others.
yellow him. with his a and jacket wide dressed boy with open mouth a water goggles in in A life to man next	A boy with his mouth wide open dressed in a yellow life jacket and goggles in water with a man next to him.
picture. taking gear a Man outdoor with	Man with outdoor gear taking a picture.
mouth and white its large A with a brown, is through open. running field black dog	A brown, black and white dog is running through a large field with its mouth open.
away camera. covering from in the is head a looking woman A	A woman in a head covering is looking away from the camera.
Frisbee a Two and men	Two men and a Frisbee
physiques trees. with large-boned in for camera and posing long are Two of front a women hair	Two women with long hair and large-boned physiques are posing for a camera in front of trees.
A ice skating park. hurrying urban an couple past	A couple hurrying past an urban ice skating park.
play Two snow leash. dogs with red in	Two dogs play in snow with red leash.
overalls on a dirt boy A trail. little in fast runs	A little boy in overalls runs fast on a dirt trail.
he riding, flag. cowboy judge with yellow thrown was stands a A the hand by while on horse his from the is	A cowboy is thrown from the horse he was riding, while the judge stands by with his hand on a yellow flag.
in to midair white is a A dog ball field. over catch grassy trying a	A white dog is trying to catch a ball in midair over a grassy field.
catches Shepherd tennis ball dog	Shepherd dog catches tennis ball
A home near baseball player plate.	A baseball player near home plate.
An Oklahoma, player, number throws African-American for his of 12 football left. football to wearing jersey the University a	An African-American football player, wearing jersey number 12 for the University of Oklahoma, throws a football to his left.
that of a a a large mountain overlooks building group people inside	a group of people inside a building that overlooks a large mountain
carousel riding Skiers ski a	Skiers riding a ski carousel
people in bus night. riding at blue Three a	Three people riding in a blue bus at night.
horse. woman jumping in rides attire riding A a	A woman in riding attire rides a jumping horse.
fence. are a Two and black jumping dogs brown	Two brown and black dogs are jumping a fence.
dog Frisbee snow. in for a the jumping A	A dog jumping for a Frisbee in the snow.
inside structure is of a down Man black lying outdoors.	Man is lying down inside of a black structure outdoors.
standing A in a wearing a white fountain. coat girl	A girl wearing a white coat standing in a fountain.
gym. basketball dribbling a boy a in A	A boy dribbling a basketball in a gym.
and a on a wearing park. shoes a swing is that have soles is red brown hat in A boy that	A boy that is wearing a brown hat and shoes that have red soles is on a swing in a park.
by A girl is riding everyone is the and a in her rushing city. bike	A girl is riding a bike and everyone is rushing by her in the city.
in seen are girls jumping swimsuits, back, the water. from into Five the	Five girls in swimsuits, are seen from the back, jumping into the water.
running in toy mouth. his A a with dog	A dog running with a toy in his mouth.
bunk single a onto bed jumps small A from a bed. boy	A small boy jumps from a bunk bed onto a single bed.
bathing young in boys Two suits walk	Two young boys in bathing suits walk
waits. A paperwork woman out while another woman some filling	A woman filling out some paperwork while another woman waits.
a stone petting A path. woman her dog is near	A woman is petting her dog near a stone path.
little The windows. to next the around glass crawls boy large	The little boy crawls around next to the large glass windows.
holds New A Yankee up bat. York a	A New York Yankee holds up a bat.
the boy in A little surf. stands	A little boy stands in the surf.
man the lake. into a dog A wade and	A dog and a man wade into the lake.
bridge down water. people Several leaning looking are over the a into of the side	Several people are leaning over the side of a bridge looking down into the water.
an child man the into in vest the a A on orange beach air tossing	A man in an orange vest tossing a child into the air on the beach
its a A large in dog mouth. stick holds	A dog holds a large stick in its mouth.
riding pile Man through dirt. motorcycle of	Man riding motorcycle through pile of dirt.
over toy dogs chasing them. a another dog fighting and are Two is	Two dogs are fighting over a toy and another dog is chasing them.
Girls holding and in hands leaping water. swimsuits, into	Girls in swimsuits, holding hands and leaping into water.
in a girl outfit. swimming Young competitive	Young girl in a competitive swimming outfit.
a stubby is black lawn with on dog the a tale background. running with A green houses in	A black dog with a stubby tale is running on a green lawn with houses in the background.
and A cliff. rest people of hill a near group	A group of people rest near a hill and cliff.
on in wearing baby woman carrier. standing an is holding the a orange sidewalk A black	A woman wearing black standing on the sidewalk is holding a baby in an orange carrier.
a train approaches dimly in A lit subway.	A train approaches in a dimly lit subway.
young dressed outside. jump Two identically children	Two identically dressed young children jump outside.
outside and dressed A a black red wall. in person cracked	A person dressed in red and black outside a cracked wall.
a motorcycle track. a man is a A trick at performing riding	A man riding a motorcycle is performing a trick at a track.
jumped the black dog The tree stump.	The black dog jumped the tree stump.
some little girl the also trampoline. dressed wearing One another, watches jump pink pink, on in	One little girl dressed in pink watches another, also wearing some pink, jump on the trampoline.
A is in shirt man white airborne. a	A man in a white shirt is airborne.
Two in street area. snowy boys distant down walking urban	Two distant boys walking down snowy street in urban area.
busy A waits family a to street. cross	A family waits to cross a busy street.
is with yellow A mouth. its puppy across a in running toy grass the	A puppy is running across the grass with a yellow toy in its mouth.
gymnast child A performs trick gymnasium. a in a	A child gymnast performs a trick in a gymnasium.
stands seven ducks a An rock nearby. duck baby with adult on	An adult duck stands on a rock with seven baby ducks nearby.
man microphone. a singing a playing and is guitar into An older	An older man is playing a guitar and singing into a microphone.
A surfer in suit a surfing motion. in black	A surfer in a black surfing suit in motion.
the red ready white and the The to man baseball. uniform in gets throw	The man in the white and red uniform gets ready to throw the baseball.
a is whilst top his red a reflection. boy away smiling hooded in looking from	a boy in a red hooded top is smiling whilst looking away from his reflection.
playing the water dogs beach in Two on	Two dogs playing in water on the beach
woman up a at a is jumping a dog in coat. brown black	a brown dog is jumping up at a woman in a black coat.
fence. boy a A by skateboards teenage	A teenage boy skateboards by a fence.
yellow man Santa A horns. a wearing a mask suit neon in and and red	A man in a Santa suit wearing a red and neon yellow mask and horns.
helmets and and race life A jackets. the red with people are boats wearing all motor	A race with motor boats and all the people are wearing red helmets and life jackets.
Two with near boys water. the ducks young playing	Two young boys playing with ducks near the water.
A in a striped street. colorful man sweater the plays music and wearing	A man wearing a colorful and striped sweater plays music in the street.
a city of streets big The ,	The streets of a big city ,
Person shirt blue scales in wall.	Person in blue shirt scales wall.
dressed Men as the street. clause down walking Santa	Men dressed as Santa clause walking down the street.
blond playing together. girls Two are	Two blond girls are playing together.
smiles. in a a on and A shirt the subway man purple woman sits with	A man in a purple shirt sits with a woman on the subway and smiles.
smiling wearing whilst and glasses. fake is A little girl a nose	A little girl is smiling whilst wearing a fake nose and glasses.
metal along slides skier rail. A a	A skier slides along a metal rail.
face. repelling a the cliff A of side person on	A person repelling on the side of a cliff face.
A pointing pictures. is taking woman while are others	A woman is pointing while others are taking pictures.
is suns in sweater rays. A the a girl blocking	A girl in a sweater is blocking the suns rays.
of man mug. green liquid A image a distored a in drinking a	A distored image of a man drinking a green liquid in a mug.
red helmet a riding is pavement. the wearing A cyclist on	A cyclist wearing a red helmet is riding on the pavement.
with A in a dog snow. the stick running	A dog running with a stick in the snow.
Dogs other each through chase water.	Dogs chase each other through water.
some the standing boats. of people beach group are in front A on of	A group of people are standing on the beach in front of some boats.
A car through is mud. four driving drive the wheel	A four wheel drive car is driving through the mud.
in a tree. jean while A playing child in a smiles jacket	A child in a jean jacket smiles while playing in a tree.
people to the are trees. next beach palm Many on	Many people are on the beach next to palm trees.
a snow The of in in front dogs fence. are the	The dogs are in the snow in front of a fence.
girl A stands blowing small grass. behind in bubbles a boy small the him while	A small boy blowing bubbles while a small girl stands behind him in the grass.
A rock climbing. man does technical	A man does technical rock climbing.
while a climbs watch. others woods face A in person cliff the	A person climbs a cliff face in the woods while others watch.
A is rock. steep of a woman edge in on red the sitting	A woman in red is sitting on the edge of a steep rock.
in jumps red laugh. red others object while on child a A	A child in red jumps on a red object while others laugh.
for train. the Woman waiting	Woman waiting for the train.
a woman brick sidewalk. down walking A	A woman walking down a brick sidewalk.
at outdoors sits A and table little eats girl a watermelon.	A little girl sits at a table outdoors and eats watermelon.
ocean with boy the and young background. of water in girl pails with playing are the A young	A young girl and young boy are playing with pails of water with the ocean in the background.
except The poses bride. with bridal wearing party for and groom, black the the all bride	The bridal party poses with the bride and groom, all wearing black except for the bride.
her the whose head at mouth. girl is water of A out sticking	A girl whose head is sticking out of the water at her mouth.
Three young playing are softball. women	Three young women are playing softball.
wearing pulley steel onto a helmet person wire. thick A a hooking a blue is	A person wearing a blue helmet is hooking a pulley onto a thick steel wire.
fenced front large standing a of fountain in a blond young girl in	a young blond girl standing in front of a large fenced in fountain
out. dressed a smiling A white is hand woman baby holding his who in reaching	A smiling woman dressed in white holding a baby who is reaching his hand out.
A jumps dog into black pool it. balls has yellow a many in that	A black dog jumps into a pool that has many yellow balls in it.
side water. in side by running Two dogs	Two dogs running side by side in water.
group of look and at binoculars A point something. and cameras with people	A group of people with cameras and binoculars point and look at something.
on Man in a white boat lake. small a	Man in a small white boat on a lake.
biking path. down Cyclist steep a	Cyclist biking down a steep path.
toys in snow. Two the fetching black dogs	Two black dogs fetching toys in the snow.
young Two blue popcycles. and boys eating red	Two young boys eating red and blue popcycles.
holding and her the up sidewalk. lady are and little A walking hands girl	A lady and her little girl are holding hands and walking up the sidewalk.
running boy is some little A concrete on steps.	A little boy is running on some concrete steps.
A a silver picture man taking with a camera.	A man taking a picture with a silver camera.
with away men from The rocks the walking a are child.	The men are walking away from the rocks with a child.
fountain. playing beside Children leapfrog	Children playing leapfrog beside fountain.
The three are a cage. children in	The three children are in a cage.
a rock hillside. a shirtless A overlooking standing man on	A shirtless man standing on a rock overlooking a hillside.
is to brown sat on is a a talking woman a the toddler dog ground. who with	a woman with a brown dog is talking to a toddler who is sat on the ground.
in wearing ball young baseball bat is holding A blue blue boy his hand. holding white a and a	A young boy wearing blue is holding a blue baseball bat and holding a white ball in his hand.
through A woodland. running brown is dog snowy	A brown dog is running through snowy woodland.
moutnain. her of on sticking a her out the tent a head side snowy of woman	a woman sticking her head out of her tent on the side of a snowy moutnain.
in raincoat straddle outside. Boy stick	Boy in raincoat straddle stick outside.
a and The carries woods. jumps over stick in a log dog the	The dog carries a stick and jumps over a log in the woods.
at plays A with necklace night. her girl	A girl plays with her necklace at night.
rain. down a red heavy street the walks boy through shirt in A	A boy in a red shirt walks down the street through heavy rain.
beach. A on overlooking bench a family the sits	A family sits on a bench overlooking the beach.
air. cheerleaders The the fellow their in toss member	The cheerleaders toss their fellow member in the air.
ball. red shorts Man soccer shirt in kicking and white a	Man in red shorts and white shirt kicking a soccer ball.
the The a on collision. was truck ambulance in flatbed	The ambulance on the flatbed truck was in a collision.
clothes standing a wearing Spiderman bathroom. in boy A	A boy wearing Spiderman clothes standing in a bathroom.
path. wearing riding a helmet lone a along dusty wheeler four a	a lone four wheeler wearing a helmet riding along a dusty path.
drops flower the while petals watches. girl bearer A ring	A flower girl drops petals while the ring bearer watches.
of A attire. women wedding in are men and group	A group of men and women are in wedding attire.
together dogs Two grass laying in	Two dogs laying together in grass
puppies. A her dog nurses	A dog nurses her puppies.
costume and pieces wearing street. paint A a woman a bike on busy rides	A woman wearing paint and costume pieces rides a bike on a busy street.
balancing top snow. A is of on red jacket toddler in a	A toddler in a red jacket is balancing on top of snow.
woman a child swing. next stands in a The outdoors, to	The woman stands outdoors, next to a child in a swing.
statue a of of group on bear. climbing a children A	A group of children climbing on a statue of a bear.
a in is a A jacket natural woman red landscape. videotaping	A woman in a red jacket is videotaping a natural landscape.
dog. person a wall a against with siting A	A person siting against a wall with a dog.
on a child of piece A painting paper. spinning	A child painting on a piece of spinning paper.
treat. dog is a The catching	The dog is catching a treat.
large A holds a a next little wooden carving a of girl woman bear. to	A woman holds a little girl next to a large wooden carving of a bear.
A for chair sunglasses down man in pull meal. to a gets out sit his ready to	A man in sunglasses gets ready to pull a chair out to sit down for his meal.
are two grass. one tall a through mouth, tennis its dogs, with ball The in running	The two dogs, one with a tennis ball in its mouth, are running through tall grass.
soft down lying many is boy midst of spiderman A quilt. toys, and in	A boy is lying down in midst of many soft toys, and spiderman quilt.
in woman with dog the at her. park front bench sits her of on A a	A woman sits on a bench at the park with her dog in front of her.
people holding dogs a in Four field. three	Four people holding three dogs in a field.
is herding sheep A grassy sheepdog path. a down	A sheepdog is herding sheep down a grassy path.
a small with A runway. in window sitting someone is on the plane visible white	A small white plane with someone visible in the window is sitting on a runway.
dog on keyboard. is a resting paws A brown its laptop	A brown dog is resting its paws on a laptop keyboard.
a A motorcycle. red man is riding on	A man is riding on a red motorcycle.
field. small creature snowy approachs a dog in barren, A a	A dog approachs a small creature in a barren, snowy field.
obscured A a gymnasium. person in in shadow	A person obscured in shadow in a gymnasium.
a group sing of young men together. out	a group of young men sing out together.
A is being ambulance wrecked towed.	A wrecked ambulance is being towed.
a boy in a shirt magic blue a is a man to shirt. A showing pink in trick	A man in a pink shirt is showing a magic trick to a boy in a blue shirt.
driveway uses young on girl a stands A hula-hoop. barefoot a and	A young girl stands barefoot on a driveway and uses a hula-hoop.
man sings. green is a woman in while A piano a jacket dressed playing	A man dressed in a green jacket is playing piano while a woman sings.
white a boy plays baseball. in	a boy in white plays baseball.
black yard. in dog in A a grassy running fenced	A black dog running in a grassy fenced in yard.
and from the man A dog a his bench. watch sunset	A man and his dog watch the sunset from a bench.
game fierce a in competing Ruggers of are rugby	Ruggers are competing in a fierce game of rugby
rain pink A in a girl coat wearing splashes puddles.	A girl wearing a pink coat splashes in rain puddles.
another is jump guy while A air in snowboarding. watching guy the	A guy is watching another guy jump in the air while snowboarding.
playing with boys are Three of sponges water. and buckets	Three boys are playing with sponges and buckets of water.
ocean. waters at the An at runs the edge person	An person runs at the waters edge at the ocean.
asian on the pants A railing bridge. to young boy wearing a cargo stretches	A young asian boy wearing cargo pants stretches on the railing to a bridge.
a mountain men The in area. are rocky	The men are in a rocky mountain area.
hose. A child blond from is garden a drinking	A blond child is drinking from a garden hose.
A standing brown muddy the is shown a dog near in water beach.	A brown dog is shown standing in the water near a muddy beach.
jumps kid in a puddle. A	A kid jumps in a puddle.
a wave. jumps surfer A	A surfer jumps a wave.
yard bounce little girl in and boy on the on red blue balls A and grass.	A little boy and girl bounce on red and blue balls in the yard on grass.
marsh a are playing Two soccer in boys muddy	Two boys are playing soccer in a muddy marsh
a by dog blowing bubbles machine. wiener A bubble made at bites	A wiener dog bites at bubbles made by a bubble blowing machine.
the white motorbike. A in in person air on their	A person in white in the air on their motorbike.
dog in swims A the lake.	A dog swims in the lake.
over he toy. rotweiler grass A playfully with a int rolls	A rotweiler playfully rolls over int he grass with a toy.
brightly dressed market. middle are conversing the women in eastern The	The brightly dressed middle eastern women are conversing in the market.
boy shirt small, A young playing leaves fallen with wearing is white a outside.	A small, young boy wearing a white shirt is playing with fallen leaves outside.
a a swimming girl A toddler pool. small in and underwater	A small girl and a toddler swimming underwater in a pool.
water a stick with dogs the playing two in	two dogs playing in the water with a stick
group in wearing stand formal outside. clothes Teenagers a	Teenagers wearing formal clothes stand in a group outside.
an cliff up reaches and climbs a man A overhang.	A man climbs up a cliff and reaches an overhang.
brown sleeping large hat A in man a wearing a chair.	A man wearing a hat sleeping in a large brown chair.
make hoop. a to jumps A with basketball man a	A man jumps with a basketball to make a hoop.
balcony with mustache stands looking road a a on man the below. white at A	A man with a white mustache stands on a balcony looking at the road below.
women by are young walking bordered along Two path a rural trees.	Two young women are walking along a rural path bordered by trees.
dog vehicle. The sleeping the in is	The dog is sleeping in the vehicle.
water. silhouette they Two each are as other chase along dogs the	Two dogs are silhouette as they chase each other along the water.
A garbage on of a with bin a sits beside woman the sidewalk her edge	A woman sits on the edge of a sidewalk with a garbage bin beside her
and river. young a a of stand boy woman on young shore the A	A young woman and a young boy stand on the shore of a river.
to almost handles. submerged is the in door automobile water, An	An automobile is submerged in water, almost to the door handles.
the grass. A through runs dog a toy with	A dog with a toy runs through the grass.
a men basketball sky two under playing blue	two men playing basketball under a blue sky
men bench on sit Three a outside.	Three men sit on a bench outside.
behind igloo. inside some person A bags an	A person behind some bags inside an igloo.
an through a in on air A soaring snowboard. the person orange parka	A person in an orange parka soaring through the air on a snowboard.
trick. A snowboarder a performing	A snowboarder performing a trick.
ocean. front on a Woman the in hill standing of	Woman standing on a hill in front of the ocean.
people also few a a wooden brown standind dog jumping wall a around	a brown dog jumping a wooden wall a few people standind around also
woodland are children Some stream. playing a in	Some children are playing in a woodland stream.
with in grass. building dog white the his a A sitting man against	A man with his dog sitting against a white building in the grass.
at Two neck are horses race. to a neck	Two horses are neck to neck at a race.
girl and of crowd. large man a A front a stand in	A man and a girl stand in front of a large crowd.
and rainbow. a is outfit a blue hand to holding out her wearing girl The	The girl is wearing a blue outfit and holding out her hand to a rainbow.
A woman skies	A woman skies
a wearfing a creek. pink swings girl over	a girl wearfing pink swings over a creek.
an dancing girls the floor hardwood Three room. on on emty	Three girls dancing on the hardwood floor on an emty room.
picture. woman stands and while a takes the A a picture on a of group people post for gather	A group of people gather for a picture while a woman stands on a post and takes the picture.
suit business other man as holds the drink A up laughs. a wearing a	A man wearing a business suit holds up a drink as the other laughs.
top girls tan yellow another a carpet. with wearing holding in room a Two girl	Two girls holding another girl wearing a yellow top in a room with tan carpet.
a sculpture with young an ice boy play to gun pretending	a young boy pretending to play with an ice sculpture gun
The at ocean. rides the girl	The girl rides at the ocean.
over white a A hat head. her man behind in a shawl woman standing a red with is	A man in a white hat is standing behind a woman with a red shawl over her head.
in his boy seat. a sits	a boy sits in his seat.
is and the on wicket ground A the cricketer laying the ball. between	A cricketer is laying on the ground between the wicket and the ball.
down slide girl blue park. at yellow a and A goes a	A girl goes down a blue and yellow slide at a park.
are Seven shore. the jumping people the along in air,	Seven people are jumping in the air, along the shore.
a a coat black with a tripod on camera woman in A	A woman in a black coat with a camera on a tripod
fake A on ride. child a horse	A child on a fake horse ride.
own at A biting rear. its dog	A dog biting at its own rear.
up small going concrete stairs A many plants. near dog	A small dog going up concrete stairs near many plants.
on black A has brown back dog the of a large dog. his small noce	A large brown dog has his noce on the back of a small black dog.
Three people a rocks on are walking towards lake.	Three people are walking on rocks towards a lake.
cracked dog walking along ashen a surface. A and	A dog walking along a cracked and ashen surface.
by two girls. being dog A is little washed	A dog is being washed by two little girls.
in pool. are inground into Two jumping an midair boys	Two boys are in midair jumping into an inground pool.
pile Boy mouth. of huge sticks spaghetti in	Boy sticks huge pile of spaghetti in mouth.
reached the top rock. brown has climber mountain A of a	A mountain climber has reached the top of a brown rock.
and balls. on boy large A girl bounce	A girl and boy bounce on large balls.
a a rock. walks across woman large	a woman walks across a large rock.
jumps a a uniform while white as another him. in A basketball holding in blocks man blue	A man in a white uniform jumps while holding a basketball as another in blue blocks him.
a A dog herds sheep.	A dog herds a sheep.
and in to Japanese are be woman spiritual man of front temple. pretending a	a man and woman are pretending to be spiritual in front of Japanese temple.
and white one Two together running brown a on are dogs one beach.	Two dogs one white and one brown are running together on a beach.
in runs sandy boy young a swim A trunks beach. along	A young boy in swim trunks runs along a sandy beach.
beach. walking a A of sidewalk group down the beside are people	A group of people are walking down a sidewalk beside the beach.
a rocky on A walking of people ridge. group	A group of people walking on a rocky ridge.
red jacket hill. boarding the down A a is snowboarder snowy wearing	A snowboarder wearing a red jacket is boarding down the snowy hill.
it. A car Budweiser-sponsored behind race with accelerates smoke quickly	A Budweiser-sponsored race car accelerates quickly with smoke behind it.
blue and Hockey ice. on shirt accents a hockey blue in red player with the wearing white helmet	Hockey player in red hockey shirt with white and blue accents wearing a blue helmet on the ice.
down is player on ice. hockey the An ice bending	An ice hockey player is bending down on the ice.
Two to a between field, rocky face face, a in dogs stick them. with	Two dogs in a rocky field, face to face, with a stick between them.
Two clothing. for exercise a picture young posing couples in	Two young couples posing for a picture in exercise clothing.
go-cart, type is person, on seated of riding This a downhill.	This person, seated on a type of go-cart, is riding downhill.
an at in afternoon park the the shade. enjoys family The	The family enjoys an afternoon at the park in the shade.
air. in skateboarder jumping The is the	The skateboarder is jumping in the air.
wearing man A a and pointing is helmet, logo a bike on at you. is shirt,	A man on a bike is wearing a helmet, logo shirt, and is pointing at you.
runs A dog water. through	A dog runs through water.
hat outdoors. catches A Frisbee sun a young a military wearing boy	A young boy wearing a military sun hat catches a Frisbee outdoors.
some dogs in running grass. Two large	Two large dogs running in some grass.
An motorbike a climbs rocky road hill. off	An off road motorbike climbs a rocky hill.
running Three dogs numbered the grass. and through muzzled	Three muzzled and numbered dogs running through the grass.
A brown jumping some onto wet dog is the from grass water	A wet brown dog is jumping from some water onto the grass
little A girl with a hat her mom. playing ball with	A little girl with a hat playing ball with her mom.
front a a building shirt cigarette of a wearing blue smoking in man a	a man wearing a blue shirt smoking a cigarette in front of a building
girl in dancing a performs kick a parade. high A	A dancing girl performs a high kick in a parade.
in woman in man front the night. and people, women back, Four a the at pose and two	Four people, two women in the front and a man and woman in the back, pose at night.
bubbling shorts, a the fountain. skirt young girls, one two The a wearing wearing in other and playing are	The two young girls, one wearing a skirt and the other wearing shorts, are playing in a bubbling fountain.
helicopter below a snowboarder a watches A from viewer	A viewer from a helicopter watches a snowboarder below
A bicycle riding a guy a trail. along BMX	A guy riding a BMX bicycle along a trail.
climbing. cap snow young rock a purple man is in A	A young man in a purple snow cap is rock climbing.
A trick. performs surfer a	A surfer performs a trick.
in swimming a a doing person backstroke pool the	a person doing the backstroke in a swimming pool
shirt A on a a in white standing street woman	A woman in a white shirt standing on a street
a a on man cars. old pushes street near some cart A	A man pushes a cart on a street near some old cars.
field, a a the holding ball. on rugby rugby lying grass on man A	A man lying on the grass on a rugby field, holding a rugby ball.
is next for football for the player play during A a game. preparing Sooners the	A football player for the Sooners is preparing for the next play during a game.
people of group sandy beach. the air in A young a on posing	A group of young people posing in the air on a sandy beach.
motorcycle. leather in astride skeleton-printed Man outfit red sitting a	Man in skeleton-printed leather outfit sitting astride a red motorcycle.
of in a woman water front in in shallow shorts A waterfall. a walking dressed t-shirt and	A woman dressed in shorts and a t-shirt walking in shallow water in front of a waterfall.
moped. red A white pumps black a and woman and riding skirt wearing her is	A woman wearing a black skirt and pumps is riding her white and red moped.
A crouches the background. crowd a full in player slightly, hockey with	A hockey player crouches slightly, with a full crowd in the background.
tricks bike by man mural. a A performs	A man performs bike tricks by a mural.
Young bikini in on lying lady the beach	Young lady in bikini lying on the beach
sand. jeans man in riding is A over ATV an	A man in jeans is riding an ATV over sand.
blue bright carpet on grey on a blue while something. with A laying eyes chewing dog	A grey dog with blue eyes laying on a bright blue carpet while chewing on something.
wearing black, Parade of cheerleaders white pink uniforms. and	Parade of cheerleaders wearing black, pink and white uniforms.
high wire jumping is fence. The a over white and brown dog	The brown and white dog is jumping over a high wire fence.
course. style dog is obstacle a going A slalom through	A dog is going through a slalom style obstacle course.
Three tent. front walk of outfits in in a fundraising white men	Three men in white outfits walk in front of a fundraising tent.
running dog through brown and grass. white tall A is sized medium streaked	A medium sized brown and white streaked dog is running through tall grass.
field. running open in A black Greyhound an	A black Greyhound running in an open field.
watches. over jumps a small another snow a harness covered log dog A in while dog	A small dog in a harness jumps over a snow covered log while another dog watches.
splashing a mud in naked girl little A puddle	A naked little girl splashing in a mud puddle
smiling very a The holding rope. woman long is helmet the outdoors in red	The smiling woman in the red helmet is outdoors holding a very long rope.
day a a fountain. in on are adults A with group park a hot of young organized	A group of young adults are organized on a hot day in a park with a fountain.
with man goods in A back. the boat a piloting	A man piloting a boat with goods in the back.
group climbing rock wall. are climbing on rock a A people of	A group of people are rock climbing on a rock climbing wall.
a surfer doing board. is on A turn his	A surfer is doing a turn on his board.
a Two beneath game men play shade. a	Two men play a game beneath a shade.
sniffed another table dog. a by lays being dog A under	A dog lays under a table being sniffed by another dog.
young sidewalk from a walking the couple beach. away on the	a young couple walking on the sidewalk away from the beach.
with group A a other in girl black of cape children a	A girl in a black cape with a group of other children
suit a is girl holding A her arms and horse while open. Spider-Man toy red her sitting with hair and up on on mouth a	A girl with red hair and a Spider-Man suit on is sitting on a toy horse while holding her arms up and her mouth open.
wearing man standing is black A an indoor court. sports on	A man wearing black is standing on an indoor sports court.
over are coaster. roller There loop going a multiple on inverted an people	There are multiple people going over a loop on an inverted roller coaster.
are Several each dressed to Indian people in other. clothing talking	Several people dressed in Indian clothing are talking to each other.
sidewalk on A in dressed walks an icy man black	A man dressed in black walks on an icy sidewalk
standing a man building reading newspaper. by a and corner A	A man standing by a building corner and reading a newspaper.
soccer boy wearing suit a ball. bathing reaches a A red young for	A young boy wearing a red bathing suit reaches for a soccer ball.
Two the other chasing large each dogs at beach.	Two large dogs chasing each other at the beach.
dog black sniffs wearing striped another dachshund A shirt. a	A black dachshund sniffs another dog wearing a striped shirt.
race field. Two across snowy dogs a	Two dogs race across a snowy field.
man with a reads. sits hat A in a booth and	A man with a hat sits in a booth and reads.
blow little girl plays in up A pool. a	A little girl plays in a blow up pool.
brown dog rail The jumping yard. a is in a low grassy over	The brown dog is jumping over a low rail in a grassy yard.
mountain two sticks. hiker before in A standing the walking holding is	A hiker is standing in before the mountain holding two walking sticks.
skiing cross-country of people snow. the group A large in	A large group of people cross-country skiing in the snow.
is restaurant. shirt a line waiting at red Man a wearing in	Man wearing a red shirt is waiting in line at a restaurant.
Two women bags. young wearing are outside	Two young women are outside wearing bags.
rack his a bike and walks. while a red black A woman man to in chains	A man chains his bike to a rack while a woman in black and red walks.
Three around racing dogs madly racetrack. a	Three dogs racing madly around a racetrack.
a sits A sign. sale underneath woman	A woman sits underneath a sale sign.
Three people ATVs. drive	Three people drive ATVs.
water. is man rough in A kayaking	A man is kayaking in rough water.
Black dog for and leaping white Frisbee.	Black and white dog leaping for Frisbee.
red is opening in area. person a in red A a car's door parking	A person in red is opening a red car's door in a parking area.
bucket standing large over child in a young a green pouring head. is his of A water river	A young child is standing in a river pouring a large green bucket of water over his head.
running teeth. dog though and a water its is bearing white black whilst	a black and white dog is running though water whilst bearing its teeth.
hillside on practice snowy a Snowboarding	Snowboarding practice on a snowy hillside
a fire. lead horse's holding girl behind a A	A girl holding a horse's lead behind a fire.
net. into is basketball dropping player the The the basketball	The basketball player is dropping the basketball into the net.
shaking of A off is everywhere dog itself. the brown water splashing water by	A brown dog is splashing water everywhere by shaking the water off of itself.
a steep man A climbs wall rock ropes. using safety	A man climbs a steep rock wall using safety ropes.
a dog Frisbee brown A chases	A brown dog chases a Frisbee
a is lines attempting pointed upward. wakeboarder on holding A trick to while	A wakeboarder is attempting a trick while holding on to lines pointed upward.
pushes his boy a scooter.	a boy pushes his scooter.
A at the harbor. boat docked	A boat docked at the harbor.
rock climbing. boy young A	A young boy rock climbing.
at the camera with A people a girl behind is her. smiling of crowd	A girl is smiling at the camera with a crowd of people behind her.
boy as in a a designed police riding push toddler a car home. car is A	A toddler boy is riding a push car designed as a police car in a home.
boy a a does with graffiti. filled ramp bike stunt a on A on	A boy on a bike does a stunt on a ramp filled with graffiti.
doing on his is bike man A a in a trick skatepark.	A man is doing a trick on his bike in a skatepark.
bike. a a person flips on	a person flips on a bike.
People on lounge lying chairs. are	People are lying on lounge chairs.
group to reaching of and men the sky. a dancing their women A studio, arms in	A group of men and women in a dancing studio, their arms reaching to the sky.
dog runs tan a A on sandy beach.	A tan dog runs on a sandy beach.
are a at green on women looking chairs Two book.	Two women on green chairs are looking at a book.
silly people disguises with Two Christmas at time	Two people with silly disguises at Christmas time
running A in dog snow.	A dog running in snow.
a limo to next staircase. is parked crowded black A	A black limo is parked next to a crowded staircase.
A batting game. little boy a in baseball	A little boy batting in a baseball game.
is little the on girl A in pajamas jumping couch.	A little girl in pajamas is jumping on the couch.
water's edge. A along big, the black walking dog is	A big, black dog is walking along the water's edge.
off step. girls jumping Two young steep are of a	Two young girls are jumping off of a steep step.
of together. dancing A people group	A group of people dancing together.
white shirt a a falling A surfboard. wearing person red is off	A person wearing a red shirt is falling off a white surfboard.
girl in front boy a stand and house. a a of	a boy and a girl stand in front of a house.
net being a a of kicked ball soccer View into goal	View of a soccer ball being kicked into a goal net
The roller through is twist, going coaster a upside the people turning down.	The roller coaster is going through a twist, turning the people upside down.
softball female pitch. a making A player	A female softball player making a pitch.
black Motocross jump rider striped wearing during helmet white and	Motocross rider during jump wearing black and white striped helmet
and at man camera. A the looking a woman	A man and a woman looking at the camera.
the through woods. Dog running	Dog running through the woods.
rounds the the curve dog coming The woods. of out	The dog rounds the curve coming out of the woods.
to boy from take a dog. brown a A stick tries small,	A boy tries to take a stick from a small, brown dog.
A park. three and play woman at kids a	A woman and three kids play at a park.
dogs playing two	two dogs playing
hill. jumping bike down rider the Dirt	Dirt bike rider jumping down the hill.
a partially a at person food begging seen Two dogs for table. kitchen	Two dogs begging a partially seen person for food at a kitchen table.
puppy. dogs a and Two	Two dogs and a puppy.
and black brown dog white, A jumping a over hurdle.	A white, black and brown dog jumping over a hurdle.
The on the around him. snow dog while falls something stands	The dog stands on something while the snow falls around him.
water. black running dog through A	A black dog running through water.
a break dances. man	a man break dances.
A in the running dog around sheep. grass	A dog running in the grass around sheep.
There is brown dog a over running dirt. and white	There is a brown and white dog running over dirt.
sheep. trailing and a leash brown A chasing white corgi	A brown and white corgi trailing a leash chasing sheep.
a man right snowy wearing on coat street. the A gray a to looks	A man wearing a gray coat looks to the right on a snowy street.
on black A car behind wire street mesh. the	A black car on the street behind wire mesh.
from. little drink for holds girl the water hose dog the A to	A little girl holds the water hose for the dog to drink from.
dog and are black playing with a fighting or blonde A either each other.	A black and a blonde dog are either playing or fighting with each other.
a boulder near A by stands an ocean. man	A man stands by a boulder near an ocean.
bubble. huge girl young a The blows	The young girl blows a huge bubble.
wedding. A Indian at scene an	A scene at an Indian wedding.
jumps field. barrier dog a a in A over	A dog jumps over a barrier in a field.
machine a sewing woman looks at up. sitting A	A woman sitting at a sewing machine looks up.
man picture group a guitar A women pose plays as behind them. a of for	A group of women pose for a picture as a man plays guitar behind them.
in pool. yellow plastic green a Two play dogs	Two yellow dogs play in a green plastic pool.
bench. children Two adults and sit a two park on	Two adults and two children sit on a park bench.
looking blue sidelines The the man at signs. holding on people is standing	The man is standing on the sidelines looking at people holding blue signs.
holds man a watches. baby holding a man while it as another A woman looks at child a	A woman holds a baby while a man looks at it as another man holding a child watches.
ice. snowpants snow-covered hat steps tentatively and child in young on dressed A blue	A young child dressed in snowpants and blue hat tentatively steps on snow-covered ice.
Two field. children in playing a	Two children playing in a field.
There chops. licking a its is dog	There is a dog licking its chops.
dog a A something. pond fetch into to running	A dog running into a pond to fetch something.
Two background girls the in midair with trees in	Two girls in midair with trees in the background
court a on a barefoot a tennis shirt man blue walking wearing	a man wearing a blue shirt walking barefoot on a tennis court
wheelie. pops a snowmobile Someone a riding	Someone riding a snowmobile pops a wheelie.
Man public woman street. kissing a on and	Man and woman kissing on a public street.
Two play Frisbee. dogs a with	Two dogs play with a Frisbee.
behind people a Six fence. standing	Six people standing behind a fence.
dressed people the huge in There ice. in are warm piece clothes four front of snow a sitting in of	There are four people dressed in warm clothes sitting in the snow in front of a huge piece of ice.
a a into and man white swinsuit falling wearing red the beach floral young	a young man wearing a red and white floral swinsuit falling into the beach
the near sit water. dock on people a Two	Two people sit on a dock near the water.
a leap taking huge is over snow a snow skier A slope.	A snow skier is taking a huge leap over a snow slope.
the in challange rapids. person a a faces This in red kayak	This person in a red kayak faces a challange in the rapids.
jumping girl A on pavement.	A girl jumping on pavement.
children Two rocks playing on	Two children playing on rocks
arms down his A spreads boy looks and wide	A boy looks down and spreads his arms wide
a fair. man child's holding a hand A young is at	A man is holding a young child's hand at a fair.
yard a on a striped is grassy on couch residential in A a laying woman neighborhood.	A woman is laying on a striped couch on a grassy yard in a residential neighborhood.
beach. along the Two chase dogs	Two dogs chase along the beach.
Children sporting Dolphin caps. Florida their	Children sporting their Florida Dolphin caps.
girl path. little a is A along walking	A little girl is walking along a path.
its Frisbee black a is and dog walking in white with blue mouth. A	A black and white dog is walking with a blue Frisbee in its mouth.
girl tracks a station poses the train near on A	A girl poses on the train tracks near a station
three dry bike the across land. bikers	three bikers bike across the dry land.
A boy on sidewalk. denim running the in is dressed	A boy dressed in denim is running on the sidewalk.
are standing crowd Three men in talking. a	Three men are standing in a crowd talking.
beside lot park trees. A and of long wearing a is blooming a a with hat woman brown a walking black jacket	A woman wearing a long black jacket and a brown hat is walking beside a park with a lot of blooming trees.
Waterskier in the structure off background. unknown water's jumps surface,	Waterskier jumps off the water's surface, unknown structure in background.
off staring into the redheaded The woman is distance.	The redheaded woman is staring off into the distance.
white ocean over gull flying	white gull flying over ocean
are the ready runners for track. The 2	The 2 runners are ready for the track.
canoe a men paddling narrow Two down stream. a	Two men paddling a canoe down a narrow stream.
woman onlookers A a rocky sun. nearby is with attempting shored lake walk reflecting tightrope to a	A woman is attempting to walk a tightrope with onlookers nearby a rocky shored lake reflecting sun.
volleyball People a hanging net. up	People hanging up a volleyball net.
dog A white hurdle. midair over and black in a	A black and white dog in midair over a hurdle.
tutu. on dog two standing pink feet small is and black A wearing a	A small black dog is standing on two feet and wearing a pink tutu.
raft a wearing blue pool. child in goggles swimming A a young sits on	A young child wearing blue goggles sits on a raft in a swimming pool.
dog in A swims water. murky brown the	A brown dog swims in the murky water.
a rides child dirt path. on bike young a A rough	A young child rides a bike on a rough dirt path.
is standing and young girl branch. tree on shirt a striped in There a jeans a	There is a young girl in jeans and a striped shirt standing on a tree branch.
dappled Girl brown riding horse with black helmet	Girl with black helmet riding brown dappled horse
of a in front black through jumping hoop Shepherd German A spectators	A German Shepherd jumping through a black hoop in front of spectators
and wood by women front A pole of standing two a in steps. man	A man and two women standing by a wood pole in front of steps.
next flags. white red blue with and girl A glasses	A girl with glasses next red white and blue flags.
stump woman a top man in a standing picture A near blue a water. take jeans the and a on of	A man take a picture of a woman in a blue top and jeans standing on a stump near the water.
rail a yellow a skater male riding is	a male skater is riding a yellow rail
skate skating night at skateboarder the park. The enjoys	The skateboarder enjoys night skating at the skate park.
a on. while hill snowy people coming over A look skier	A skier coming over a snowy hill while people look on.
runs snow. through A dog the	A dog runs through the snow.
a ocean. man in shorts the in standing and The the hat bay is beside	The man in shorts and a hat is standing in the bay beside the ocean.
people bench. Three sitting on a	Three people sitting on a bench.
on plays swing kid the the A playground. little at	A little kid plays on the swing at the playground.
dog takes stick large its a a mouth. in	a dog takes a large stick in its mouth.
a beach. from across jump biker A city a makes	A biker makes a jump across from a city beach.
men alcohol bar at drinking Older	Older men at bar drinking alcohol
bike A jump. does high on a a very man	A man on a bike does a very high jump.
girl is and balloon. a kitty hello dress a green wearing holding The	The girl is wearing a green dress and holding a hello kitty balloon.
bathing yellow a stands a kayak. man suit in near A	A man in a bathing suit stands near a yellow kayak.
woman. sign a in blond man A hugs holding green a	A man in green holding a sign hugs a blond woman.
with a with a is pile topless A backpack background. of shown rocks person on a against cloudy	A topless person with a backpack is shown against on a pile of rocks with a cloudy background.
in stands man nearby. knife air a the while another tossing man is A	A man is tossing a knife in the air while another man stands nearby.
sitting eyes child A amid blue flowers. with	A child with blue eyes sitting amid flowers.
a a riding wearing along railing. metal green hat is snowboarder a	a snowboarder wearing a green hat is riding along a metal railing.
front The eyeshadow mirror. is girl tiara putting with little the of in on a	The little girl with the tiara is putting on eyeshadow in front of a mirror.
shallow that grows a people 4 in least At swim water towards bridge. deeps	At least 4 people swim in shallow water that grows deeps towards a bridge.
man the river next to The is smoking grass. standing in	The man is standing in the river next to smoking grass.
water taking flight bird lake. from A white a	A white water bird taking flight from a lake.
their huddle Two faces wearing camera. sheilding jeans near people the a wooden from door,	Two people wearing jeans huddle near a wooden door, sheilding their faces from the camera.
jumping Two are at beach the waves dogs black in	Two black dogs are jumping in waves at the beach
urban together an in men beside setting. stone Two sit steps	Two men sit together beside stone steps in an urban setting.
from and the different white, black Two teams ball. red, fighting for players	Two players from different teams fighting for the white, red, and black ball.
hockey puck from to block player the goal. the A tries	A hockey player tries to block the puck from the goal.
rowers of red green a and a boat team rowing in	a team of rowers rowing in a green and red boat
landing bird large A on water.	A large bird landing on water.
Small in play girl riding car.	Small girl riding in play car.
the water. is man A rocks climbing on by	A man is climbing on rocks by the water.
corner. street a A standing near man	A man standing near a street corner.
standing in crowd. is jacket The in blue a a man	The man in a blue jacket is standing in a crowd.
man the standing at store. a A is in line checkout	A man is standing in the checkout line at a store.
of are pink women taking between off two woman in something in camera. stands pictures A who	A woman in pink stands in between two women who are taking pictures of something off camera.
A team around men cones. orange jog of	A team of men jog around orange cones.
Young a vinyl mat. laughing wet on boys	Young laughing boys on a wet vinyl mat.
woman sit A and man holding child a steps. a on	A woman and a man holding a child sit on steps.
horse bucking A wildly	A horse bucking wildly
ground. a another the wrestler throws to wrestler	a wrestler throws another wrestler to the ground.
is water. the through rough The moving kayaker male	The male kayaker is moving through the rough water.
volleyball. lifted other play by being women Woman	Woman being lifted by other women play volleyball.
on in The water. a is the ski boat man	The man is on a ski boat in the water.
women standing front a the on black ground. person on of coats sitting Two a box in in	Two women in black coats standing in front of a person sitting on a box on the ground.
and child ice on women decorated cones flowers. eat Two cream with bridge	Two women and child eat ice cream cones on bridge decorated with flowers.
collar in The red dog in a grass. the runs	The dog in a red collar runs in the grass.
rides swing. Kid on high fair	Kid rides high on fair swing.
a obstacle. navigating his over motorcycle A stone bike rider	A motorcycle rider navigating his bike over a stone obstacle.
balloon street. The blue girl busy a a is holding on	The girl is holding a blue balloon on a busy street.
the across A dog dog black chasing white grass. a	A white dog chasing a black dog across the grass.
A in woman in yellow skis jacket snow. the a	A woman in a yellow jacket skis in the snow.
in past shorts green outdoor boy pool. a in a black in an shorts swims boy	a boy in green shorts swims past a boy in black shorts in an outdoor pool.
with smeared Topless background. blurry woman brown in crowd substance,	Topless woman smeared with brown substance, blurry crowd in background.
on people ski-lift. a Two	Two people on a ski-lift.
a and woman golden earring. sunglasses Older wearing	Older woman wearing sunglasses and a golden earring.
wades and rock. dog water brown toward walks through A a	A brown dog wades through water and walks toward a rock.
sundown. on at soccer is game going A	A soccer game is going on at sundown.
A a dog green pillow. on sleeps brown	A brown dog sleeps on a green pillow.
a Two large dirt are field. fighting in dogs	Two large dogs are fighting in a dirt field.
a of front posing in tree. a and christmas man A woman	A man and a woman posing in front of a christmas tree.
a speaker. two A standing front and of are in men woman elderly	A woman and two elderly men are standing in front of a speaker.
the swinging The is on small girl rope	The small girl is swinging on the rope
up flipping surfer the in a A is surfboard. on air	A surfer is flipping up in the air on a surfboard.
clear swims girl A blue through water.	A girl swims through clear blue water.
metal slide. a down going boy A and girl	A boy and girl going down a metal slide.
the is in huge wave. of middle Surfer a	Surfer is in the middle of a huge wave.
stands poles near man with a A two ski mountaintop.	A man with two ski poles stands near a mountaintop.
A wedding of bouquet girl at a a orange flowers. holds little	A little girl at a wedding holds a bouquet of orange flowers.
large puddle walking through of Man water.	Man walking through large puddle of water.
slide. sliding green girl a down is The	The girl is sliding down a green slide.
hitting before himself A the long-boarder ground. catches	A long-boarder catches himself before hitting the ground.
boy headband in looking A teenage with the a white right, background. a crowd	A teenage boy with a white headband looking right, a crowd in the background.
A beach. shirtness on juggles man the batons	A shirtness man juggles batons on the beach.
and A dog through white running water. shallow black	A black and white dog running through shallow water.
an sitting a the hat wearing old staring man into off distance.	an old man wearing a hat sitting staring off into the distance.
background. her Jumping plants girl in feet, grabs	Jumping girl grabs her feet, plants in background.
man, This at appears to is table a bald a at library. be sitting who asleep,	This bald man, who appears to be asleep, is sitting at a table at a library.
A shore, fly the runs overhead. birds while child along	A child runs along the shore, while birds fly overhead.
a in clothing People snowy down summer hill. racing	People in summer clothing racing down a snowy hill.
is The dog a other carrying dog its chasing the mouth. in stick	The dog is chasing the other dog carrying a stick in its mouth.
A young boy martial practicing arts.	A young boy practicing martial arts.
a gnawing a in the puppy stuck is that into metallic is ground. brown post	a brown puppy is gnawing in a metallic post that is stuck into the ground.
of orange, men, two one and one front and in dogs several Two in in grey vehicles.	Two men, one in grey and one in orange, and two dogs in front of several vehicles.
dogs Four hurdle. jumping a over	Four dogs jumping over a hurdle.
A skateboard. ledge a grinds boy his on	A boy grinds a ledge on his skateboard.
car. a are sitting Three on subway people	Three people are sitting on a subway car.
black rifles in in women the throwing practising air. Two	Two women in black practising throwing rifles in the air.
his tennis in a shirt celebrates player blue A match.	A tennis player in a blue shirt celebrates his match.
some The of is front bushes. dog in	The dog is in front of some bushes.
child smiling swims. A	A smiling child swims.
into tan leaps water. A dog the	A tan dog leaps into the water.
the rink. team hockey hockey A at waits	A hockey team waits at the hockey rink.
is people passing at by man A gallery. art delivery an two	A delivery man is passing by two people at an art gallery.
on a to to scooter sits the woman a curb A man. talking next	A woman sits on the curb next to a scooter talking to a man.
bag cloth. head brown in dog sticking Little with filled a coloful	Little brown dog sticking head in a coloful bag filled with cloth.
man rock. sunglasses woman in sitting in standing sunglasses a a beside on A	A woman in sunglasses standing beside a man in sunglasses sitting on a rock.
a young girl jumping dog onto outdoors. A is while	A dog is jumping onto a young girl while outdoors.
with boy celebrating paint on and A clothing. his face	A boy celebrating with paint on his face and clothing.
eating striped in girl The is little some the bread. shirt	The little girl in the striped shirt is eating some bread.
who a woman girl is older small a An wearing striped sits to next dress.	An older woman sits next to a small girl who is wearing a striped dress.
boats the group people racing of towards in A shore.	A group of people in boats racing towards the shore.
giant on are inflatable children a Two slide.	Two children are on a giant inflatable slide.
and up ramp. Dog and wooden over red climbing	Dog climbing up and over and red wooden ramp.
waterskiing. man is The	The man is waterskiing.
a a of on top flower bee	a bee on top of a flower
sunny a Girls walking in day. street on the	Girls walking in the street on a sunny day.
break grey shirt dancer wearing The pants. and is a white	The break dancer is wearing a white shirt and grey pants.
deep running snow. through is dog The	The dog is running through deep snow.
bike a while high air his another jumps guy into the A on person picture takes	A guy on a bike jumps high into the air while another person takes his picture
and a pitbull grass running in with white open. the mouth its brown	a brown and white pitbull running in the grass with its mouth open.
on sit a outside. Three people bench	Three people sit on a bench outside.
young surrounded a a woman and various and man by birds. child A	A man and a woman and a young child surrounded by various birds.
in another on the is looks carpet jumping girl girl her young standing to A front of left. while	A young girl is jumping on carpet while another girl standing in front of her looks to the left.
A race car sparks.	A race car sparks.
watching in A dog do man a a white a back t-shirt flip	A man in a white t-shirt watching a dog do a back flip
a rink. An together dark child ice skate adult on a helping	An adult helping a child ice skate together on a dark rink.
electric long an man and towards with musician. guitar hair A leans another	A man with an electric guitar and long hair leans towards another musician.
the bench, a people middle in sitting with a background. rock Three aged on wall park	Three middle aged people sitting on a park bench, with a rock wall in the background.
attempts to from the a another player basketball get basketball player.	a basketball player attempts to get the basketball from another player.
of blue in person A fishing pole with a silhouetted sky. front a	A person with a fishing pole silhouetted in front of a blue sky.
boy a preparing baseball A hit little to	A little boy preparing to hit a baseball
in water. the dog brown is A light running	A light brown dog is running in the water.
field. are two The a in Frisbee playing men	The two men are playing Frisbee in a field.
of a A picture television it. a with girl on	A television with a picture of a girl on it.
its mouth. the with dog in water black something of The out jumps	The black dog jumps out of the water with something in its mouth.
cold-weather in kid little the top gear is snow A dressed the mound. of at	A little kid dressed in cold-weather gear is at the top of the snow mound.
ready The snowboarder is to jump.	The snowboarder is ready to jump.
dog black and A through running brown snow-covered ground.	A brown and black dog running through snow-covered ground.
his over man a bike A shirt a ramp. yellow wearing jumps	A man wearing a yellow shirt jumps his bike over a ramp.
blanket. on person bench a blue a under blue A	A person on a blue bench under a blue blanket.
a A and on railing t-shirt tie the a in building. blue dye skateboarding white boy is of	A boy in a blue and white tie dye t-shirt is skateboarding on the railing of a building.
basketball. basketball possession struggle Two players, a the on one floor, gain to of	Two basketball players, one on the floor, struggle to gain possession of a basketball.
is small A a boy ball. carrying soccer	A small boy is carrying a soccer ball.
of is holding front boy a in basketball a up house. a white	a boy is holding a basketball up in front of a white house.
tent a Three sign on colorful of it. walking with in front men a	Three men walking in front of a colorful tent with a sign on it.
in is hand the holding child the haired front a long the painting. of The in of shirt brown man	The man in the brown shirt is holding the hand of the long haired child in front of a painting.
in people A group the young of while beach. up the air on jump	A group of young people jump up in the air while on the beach.
A cone. cream an dog of end staring ice the at	A dog staring at the end of an ice cream cone.
on has boy him. orange The paint	The boy has orange paint on him.
the on A sunset. of bunch people beach at	A bunch of people on the beach at sunset.
river. an bikes are course off beside a riding road Cyclists on	Cyclists are riding bikes on an off road course beside a river.
a A black dog collar purple with running.	A black dog with a purple collar running.
dog flies duck close, the the swims As away.	As the dog swims close, the duck flies away.
girl and baby posing A photo. a man for smiling	A smiling man and a baby girl posing for photo.
rock. A climbs a man	A man climbs a rock.
lake in floating a in on boys life device Five sitting jackets	Five boys in life jackets sitting on floating device in a lake
wakeboard. boys Two	Two boys wakeboard.
of on white with Brown dog, frame. livestock out animals sand running partially and	Brown and white dog, running on sand with livestock animals partially out of frame.
ride. woman orange in an a carnival A riding dress	A woman in an orange dress riding a carnival ride.
a Man restaurant. at in black a sitting smoking chair	Man sitting in a black chair smoking at a restaurant.
yellow a old in woman baby A an photograph. holds wearing new	A woman holds a new baby wearing yellow in an old photograph.
her marker The a wide has eyes nose. hanging from girl with the	The girl with the wide eyes has a marker hanging from her nose.
high with brown in and grass. Black red dog harness	Black and brown dog with red harness in high grass.
is standing like a person dressed to cop clown. next A a	A cop is standing next to a person dressed like a clown.
pulling motorcycle being a The is whilst wheelie. on track ridden a	The motorcycle is being ridden on a track whilst pulling a wheelie.
dog in motorcycle it. a goggles A with sidecar wearing has a	A motorcycle has a sidecar with a dog wearing goggles in it.
in husky sidewalk black a small laying beside on dog a and him. holding Person snow sitting	Person sitting in snow on a sidewalk holding small black dog and a husky laying beside him.
and up mountain. snowy The the lift ride the woman ski man	The man and woman ride the ski lift up the snowy mountain.
a riding mountain A bike very child through a helmet wearing a forest. fast	A child wearing a helmet riding a mountain bike very fast through a forest.
of a of are white a building. the people crowd front at steps in top of	a crowd of people are at the top of steps in front of a white building.
black with costume a of girls. little in and boy dances A little white a snow group	A little boy in a black and white snow costume dances with a group of little girls.
the a hound log in woods. on A big walking dog	A big hound dog walking on a log in the woods.
a statue gold approaching of men are Two Gandhi. colored	Two men are approaching a gold colored statue of Gandhi.
cliff a a rope. man with A climbing	A man climbing a cliff with a rope.
side. at something at to A ; boy smiles man the points a looks	A boy smiles at points at something ; a man looks to the side.
bubble in shirt blowing blue very Woman large	Woman in blue shirt blowing very large bubble
background. mountains covered a with up the in person walking Snow	Snow covered mountains with a person walking up in the background.
train man and one near standing tracks. woman two	two woman and one man standing near train tracks.
being carried. people walking one around of is Group girl outdoors,	Group of people walking around outdoors, one girl is being carried.
of porch. A off yellow jumping a dog	A yellow dog jumping off of a porch.
long path through rides bike woman over A a the dirt grass. a	A woman rides a bike over a dirt path through the long grass.
hands another child to a man boat they man exit a A as	A man hands a child to another man as they exit a boat
Two a children snack. in taking	Two children taking in a snack.
a long outdoor stairway. down A skates man	A man skates down a long outdoor stairway.
television man A a up camera in stadium. high is crowded a operating	A man is operating a television camera high up in a crowded stadium.
a with leaves. Two are in down dogs path covered running dead together	Two dogs are running together down a with path covered in dead leaves.
coat while Woman snowing in a house outside	Woman in coat outside a house while snowing
hind is on fluffy white, dog standing legs. A its	A white, fluffy dog is standing on its hind legs.
in Two people reading. chairs	Two people in chairs reading.
looking woman stands A at mountain others. a on	A woman stands on a mountain looking at others.
and dog snow. the black through A tan walking	A black and tan dog walking through the snow.
brown with in other each dogs playing are the snow. Two	Two brown dogs are playing with each other in the snow.
wearing on The shoes the is person sand. standing tennis	The person wearing tennis shoes is standing on the sand.
are in Two glvoes in the jackets, girls outside snow. winter hats, and knit	Two girls in winter jackets, knit hats, and glvoes are outside in the snow.
a A storm. dust and dog	A dog and a dust storm.
inline a skater yellow An on rail. balances boy	An inline skater boy balances on a yellow rail.
blue stepping dress Young in soccer a ball. girl over	Young girl in blue dress stepping over a soccer ball.
at a player pitch swinging softball	softball player swinging at a pitch
dot a down with a her on A shirt, girl in swing polka brown little white and jeans, hair, upside backyard. hangs	A little girl with brown hair, jeans, and a white polka dot shirt, hangs upside down on a swing in her backyard.
gray by man and is photographers wearing glasses. suit The surrounded a	The man surrounded by photographers is wearing a gray suit and glasses.
in the The wave. surfer is	The surfer is in the wave.
cat black yellow The brown and are and and black the fighting. dog	The yellow and black cat and the brown and black dog are fighting.
a road. baby Asian crawling An on	An Asian baby crawling on a road.
of the on skeleton fence a A sits edge road. on a	A skeleton sits on a fence on the edge of a road.
Crowd an outdoor event at	Crowd at an outdoor event
down on girl looking Blond grating road. the the	Blond girl looking down the grating on the road.
filled in a car graffiti street. A is parked	A car is parked in a graffiti filled street.
is a A beret wearing American the woman adorned red-haired with black flag.	A red-haired woman is wearing a black beret adorned with the American flag.
red a bull next a in to car. A stands field,	A bull stands in a field, next to a red car.
posing a a for of A picture by gas hats station. couple men in	A couple of men in hats posing for a picture by a gas station.
brown and is boy shirt a running. Little in shorts striped	Little boy in a striped shirt and brown shorts is running.
bench of water sitting on a in Couple front fountain.	Couple sitting on bench in front of a water fountain.
A an of group ride ATV. girls	A group of girls ride an ATV.
be child holds fire. appears an on to object in that pink A	A child in pink holds an object that appears to be on fire.
dressed dress young costume princess in a A girl	A young girl dressed in a princess costume dress
up hill. a man rocky A hikes	A man hikes up a rocky hill.
bull while looks sniffing a a the brushes dog on	a dog sniffing the brushes while a bull looks on
coming feet of skier boot and shadow. a ski a out with of the casting one The	The feet of a skier with one boot coming out of the ski and casting a shadow.
sleeves words on has white red is wearing hers. One with t-shirt the other ; girl a	One girl is wearing a white t-shirt with red sleeves ; the other has words on hers.
boat the boys in on sitting a water. Two	Two boys sitting on a boat in the water.
jump large a rider wall. A off a BMW takes	A BMW rider takes a large jump off a wall.
a brown dog large sniffing dog. small The white is	The large brown dog is sniffing a small white dog.
the the in ball the by is moving checked soccer shirt The pursued on the other players player team.	The soccer player in the checked shirt is moving the ball pursued by the players on the other team.
into their child A wearing with the air is and shirt arms spread. a pink legs jumping	A child wearing a pink shirt is jumping into the air with their legs and arms spread.
catching a on large Man a surfboard. wave	Man catching a large wave on a surfboard.
another A an area busy in a off man street. of a man open just takes of picture	A man takes a picture of another man in an open area just off of a busy street.
road. red a A corner is his on sharp scraping motorbike motorcyclist on turning is and the it	A motorcyclist is turning a sharp corner on his red motorbike and is scraping it on the road.
the and dog black beach. near a shore on running brown a	a brown and black dog running on a shore near the beach.
of crowd wearing woman costumes a and in a onlookers. man decorative A and dancing	A man and a woman wearing decorative costumes and dancing in a crowd of onlookers.
men look the The two from the bluff. shoreline atop at	The two men look at the shoreline from atop the bluff.
grass. playfully wearing A scampers orange the across vest dog an	A dog wearing an orange vest scampers playfully across the grass.
young jumping her girl with mouth open. A	A young girl jumping with her mouth open.
nibbling white face. A dog's is dog at the brown	A brown dog is nibbling at the white dog's face.
A girl water out of the young jumping	A young girl jumping out of the water
grass. the dogs on are running brown Two	Two brown dogs are running on the grass.
girl white in running. dress A a	A girl in a white dress running.
plays dog bat toy with brown hanging A out its mouth. a	A brown dog plays with a toy bat hanging out its mouth.
grassy dogs Many black run in area. a	Many black dogs run in a grassy area.
tennis a player is racket. A tennis carrying	A tennis player is carrying a tennis racket.
boy a raincoat little mop. with a a wearing plays	a little boy wearing a raincoat plays with a mop.
tossed small the getting a boy into air	a small boy getting tossed into the air
group crowd, front of together holding in sticks. Children long a	Children group together in front of a crowd, holding long sticks.
at a red fair. hat a with A smiles fadora face peircings and man	A man with face peircings and a red fadora hat smiles at a fair.
beach. shallow handstand a man in A doing the water on	A man doing a handstand in shallow water on the beach.
a to man on next squatting a A dog. is large skateboard	A man on a skateboard is squatting next to a large dog.
up walking grassy clothes gradual Two are heavy people in a incline.	Two people in heavy clothes are walking up a gradual grassy incline.
a hat. wearing The is boy	The boy is wearing a hat.
of a child. A the biting kitten orange nose	A orange kitten biting the nose of a child.
orange cone. skateboard A a an on man jumping	A man on a skateboard jumping an orange cone.
fountain. a water A reaching baby into	A baby reaching into a water fountain.
A near a in on a the air person bike is river.	A person is in the air on a bike near a river.
skirts with over kids colorful are dancing. Little their clothes	Little kids with colorful skirts over their clothes are dancing.
licking snow dog the walking is his nose. The through	The dog walking through the snow is licking his nose.
fair. girl samples Starbucks hands a out street A at	A girl hands out Starbucks samples at a street fair.
grass. are dogs together playing Two green on	Two dogs are playing together on green grass.
grass. A dog green tan is rolling in large,	A large, tan dog is rolling in green grass.
group a people of table at a porch around sit A on outside night.	A group of people sit around a table outside on a porch at night.
a room. together and A dark in bride walk groom	A bride and groom walk together in a dark room.
and group large players football wearing a a of white jerseys. sitting red field on	a large group of football players sitting on a field wearing red and white jerseys.
Mohawk the violin. young boy with purple A a playing	A young boy with a purple Mohawk playing the violin.
running dirt dogs down a Two road.	Two dogs running down a dirt road.
A is running white shallow water. through dog and black	A black and white dog is running through shallow water.
grassy in dirt a are down a running Two field. dogs path	Two dogs are running down a dirt path in a grassy field.
a neighborhood. sweater A on playing small a in red hoop hula sidewalk dressed in girl a	A small girl dressed in a red sweater playing hula hoop on a sidewalk in a neighborhood.
dirt motorized across road. a on rides A a bike man	A man on a motorized bike rides across a dirt road.
black and ignoring The the chicken. is white white dog	The white dog is ignoring the black and white chicken.
her. into Two catch then the a men air cheerleader and throw	Two men throw a cheerleader into the air and then catch her.
base ground rocky a walks hiker the mountain. A of on foggy at	A hiker walks on rocky ground at the base of a foggy mountain.
a this body water back a of with the in scene. and of A sail boat white red in	A boat with a red and white sail in a body of water in the back of this scene.
large are Two grass. playing brown dogs in the	Two large brown dogs are playing in the grass.
Children playground. on playing a	Children playing on a playground.
and holding wide nose. his standing a jacket eyed is holding beer a blue next guy a in guy A to	A wide eyed guy in a blue jacket is holding a beer and standing next to a guy holding his nose.
building. An rundown a front of old in man stands	An old man stands in front of a rundown building.
A number races 6. dog while wearing	A dog races while wearing number 6.
green on skateboard does a barrel. Man trick	Man does a skateboard trick on green barrel.
on chair a jumps A white dog small	A small white dog jumps on a chair
and with posing a shoulder picture. are a one cup women, Three one sign bag, smiling language with one blue for a using	Three smiling women, one with a shoulder bag, one with a blue cup and one using sign language are posing for a picture.
grassy leaves. Two on on one in covered dogs area another a jumping	Two dogs jumping on one another on a grassy area covered in leaves.
dog. children with play a Two white	Two children play with a white dog.
on girl beach. a young A blonde stands	A young blonde girl stands on a beach.
dog a giving bath girls large a two	two girls giving a large dog a bath
park-like a in a in him hat black A with a leaping man at with dog setting. blue	A man in blue with a black hat with a dog leaping at him in a park-like setting.
a old wears big An eyes black with hat. man blue	An old man with blue eyes wears a big black hat.
of A skier downhill snow. a skiing cloud in	A skier skiing downhill in a cloud of snow.
little girls together. Four walking	Four little girls walking together.
leafy shade of The tree. kids green six are in the a	The six kids are in the shade of a leafy green tree.
road are racing down on skateboards. a People	People are racing down a road on skateboards.
standing a green light. stop girl is A wearing jacket a at	A girl wearing a green jacket is standing at a stop light.
outdoor shower. an uses A man	A man uses an outdoor shower.
the men their and white sunglasses a into air. hands at are Two punching wearing party suits	Two men wearing white suits and sunglasses are at a party punching their hands into the air.
path. A down black wearing red dog a markings with trots vest brown a	A black dog with brown markings wearing a red vest trots down a path.
for picture Three posing men a and woman	Three men and a woman posing for picture
A tennis dog a ball. weiner blue catches yellow and	A weiner dog catches a blue and yellow tennis ball.
girl swinging A	A girl swinging
in tunnel. girl Small	Small girl in tunnel.
girl man little down and street. A a the walking	A man and a little girl walking down the street.
beach enjoying a are Many people or lagoon out spread themselves. along	Many people are spread out along a beach or lagoon enjoying themselves.
boat woman while watches. a rowing man the A	A man rowing a boat while the woman watches.
the blue dog running greyhound The grass black wearing is jacket. a on	The black greyhound dog is running on the grass wearing a blue jacket.
Two red the in a with snow leash. dogs playing are	Two dogs in the snow are playing with a red leash.
out dog a water of A drinks water fountain.	A dog drinks water out of a water fountain.
bar. a at bar yellow and Four stools on tall grey children sit	Four children sit on tall bar stools at a yellow and grey bar.
backstroke in the swimming doing pool. the swimmer is A	A swimmer is doing the backstroke in the swimming pool.
sled. tricycle unusual A an pulls three sled team dog	A three dog sled team pulls an unusual tricycle sled.
a rock is climbing man A wall.	A man is climbing a rock wall.
race motorcyclist course. the The on	The motorcyclist race on the course.
people beach the scattered A watching sky. it busy has on	A busy beach has people scattered on it watching the sky.
A girl playing on a parachute.	A girl playing on a parachute.
hat a a cowboy protest man a sign. holding wearing	a man wearing a cowboy hat holding a protest sign.
and snow. running white dog Black in the	Black and white dog running in the snow.
running away is fence. from wire the dog A through snow the	A dog is running through the snow away from the wire fence.
rock. A in boy a a throwing creek	A boy in a creek throwing a rock.
riding a a A towards dirt down a course. bike ramp man bicycle	A man riding a bicycle down a ramp towards a dirt bike course.
skateboard steps Boy with jumping	Boy jumping steps with skateboard
dog a lake. dog by A another chasing	A dog chasing another dog by a lake.
on boy surfboard midair. a in A	A boy on a surfboard in midair.
in striped tank street a top the skateboards kid A down	A kid in a striped tank top skateboards down the street
playing purple dogs a with Two ball.	Two dogs playing with a purple ball.
leaping a A over chain. dog	A dog leaping over a chain.
people bikes. reflective Three in on white	Three people in reflective white on bikes.
rappelling water cliff the An down a towards individual	An individual rappelling down a cliff towards the water
a board flips into A a off pool. diving boy	A boy flips off a diving board into a pool.
black dog bit of a A ice the by river. frozen plays with	A black dog plays with a bit of ice by the frozen river.
sign. person white with a A doing snowboard a over caution and their jump orange	A person doing a jump with their snowboard over a orange and white caution sign.
concert, a while two a on photo. look men At takes another	At a concert, two men look on while another takes a photo.
girl another an orange jacket the girl talks while phone in smokes. A on	A girl in an orange jacket talks on the phone while another girl smokes.
A is mountain. side tall the climber a mountain on seen of	A mountain climber is seen on the side of a tall mountain.
A marches arms his a parade. man young as he raises in	A young man raises his arms as he marches in a parade.
the bound dogs a road. across grass next Two to	Two dogs bound across the grass next to a road.
the ocean. man A floating in	A man floating in the ocean.
lots hold flags. of american people	lots of people hold american flags.
players field beneath clouds sky pink with with Green sports blue	Green sports field with players beneath blue sky with pink clouds
through field. a dogs Two run	Two dogs run through a field.
tie man A brown walks a green a coat street. in and on	A man in a brown coat and green tie walks on a street.
pink hat girl wearing little pick ball. up is down to The bending a soccer a	The little girl wearing a pink hat is bending down to pick up a soccer ball.
girl in Blonde flowers. dress pink with green	Blonde girl in green dress with pink flowers.
small a after bucking dog chasing a cow	a small dog chasing after a bucking cow
A a fence on white is his jumper clearing show horse.	A show jumper is clearing a white fence on his horse.
A with on ball. colored a standing a field boy football	A boy standing on a football field with a colored ball.
on of a backwards is the woman sitting doing of sidewalk. A other crowd people front flip a in	A woman is doing a backwards flip in front of a crowd of other people sitting on the sidewalk.
jump his doing on kid a bike. is A	A kid is doing a jump on his bike.
camp mountains People background. the in the with	People camp with the mountains in the background.
soccer are soccer. players Two playing	Two soccer players are playing soccer.
someone A city. with the a beside walking in else pond is woman	A woman is walking with someone else beside a pond in the city.
the tan A rolling dog and dirty camera. at looking dirt in the right	A dirty tan dog rolling in the dirt and looking right at the camera.
the grass. runs dog a through	a dog runs through the grass.
the cries grass. in boy a	a boy cries in the grass.
dogs Four are field in of grass. together the dry	Four dogs are together in the field of dry grass.
dog wooden behind it. with people brown stage on The the is	The brown dog is on the wooden stage with people behind it.
the A wearing stands and man sidewalk. a jeans backpack on	A man wearing jeans and a backpack stands on the sidewalk.
women dancing robes. in Three	Three women dancing in robes.
food an stand. outdoor woman at A	A woman at an outdoor food stand.
walking and sidewalk Men marketplace. the a on women outside	Men and women walking on the sidewalk outside a marketplace.
runs the mouth dog a its on toy with grass. rope A in	A dog with a rope toy in its mouth runs on the grass.
a Three wall along decortive building. boys a of outside play	Three boys play along a decortive wall outside of a building.
into playing The dog, which are leaping and Frisbee. air, man is the	The man and dog, which is leaping into the air, are playing Frisbee.
the water The boy on pours baby.	The boy pours water on the baby.
in posing black white and in one man indoors. A	A man in black and one in white posing indoors.
on chairs Two amidst are a relaxing people lounge beach	Two people are relaxing on a beach amidst lounge chairs
football an tackling with players opposing nearby. a Two football referee are player	Two football players are tackling an opposing football player with a referee nearby.
ATV spinning wheels. his rider	ATV rider spinning his wheels.
on a airborne A bridge. is skateboarder	A skateboarder is airborne on a bridge.
the stand sunset. the water watch people Two and above railing against the	Two people stand against the railing above the water and watch the sunset.
red leaps of the the onto roof dog A doghouse.	A dog leaps onto the red roof of the doghouse.
shirt and bench. in sitting lady is white blue a aqua the jeans on The	The lady in the aqua shirt and blue jeans is sitting on a white bench.
the exercising people many in ocean	many people exercising in the ocean
into the cap her air. girl throws young A graduation	A young girl throws her graduation cap into the air.
skiing snow covered down A a man mountain.	A man skiing down a snow covered mountain.
blocks. lay on wooden carpet girls to young next the two	two young girls lay on the carpet next to wooden blocks.
rope. is river wading man a and in casting A a out	A man is wading in a river and casting out a rope.
is teenage looking woman a elderly boy at An	An elderly woman is looking at a teenage boy
two the the close kids on to playing water beach,	two kids playing on the beach, close to the water
a in is the dog A Frisbee and white black yard. catching	A black and white dog is catching a Frisbee in the yard.
fencing. in A by men standing man a is gym surrounded	A man is standing in a gym surrounded by men fencing.
a woman pink a holding liquid mug wearing of a top tank	a woman wearing a pink tank top holding a mug of liquid
footbride down a fall. in the runs A dog	A dog runs down a footbride in the fall.
away down A helmet, busy a sidewalk. girl, clad the camera, scantily walks a from in	A scantily clad girl, in a helmet, walks away from the camera, down a busy sidewalk.
holds red skateboard A boy Hollywood a he shirt Stars. stands over black the as white in a and	A boy in a black and white shirt holds a red skateboard as he stands over the Hollywood Stars.
dog. white ears wearing A is to next brown reindeer dog a	A white dog wearing reindeer ears is next to a brown dog.
bmx A a on bike. person	A person on a bmx bike.
five A stepstool. a standing a is on family performer of watching	A family of five is watching a performer standing on a stepstool.
one three and eastern interior. children, on grotto climb boy, girls middle pink with a Four a	Four middle eastern children, three girls and one boy, climb on a grotto with a pink interior.
wearing in watching the outdoor market. ethnic hats an Several are men photographer	Several men wearing ethnic hats are watching the photographer in an outdoor market.
a red a shirt in jumps on bed. A boy young	A young boy in a red shirt jumps on a bed.
area A ball in an pouncing orange bandanna fallen an leaves. covered in dog soccer by on blue black a	A black dog in an orange bandanna pouncing on a blue soccer ball in an area covered by fallen leaves.
she her as walks looks others and at woman look A cellphone on.	A woman walks as she looks at her cellphone and others look on.
a Horses in race. jockeys with participate	Horses with jockeys participate in a race.
on to a set Three sail men sailboat. prepare	Three men prepare to set sail on a sailboat.
sidewalk. the white little in A running dog on	A little white dog in running on the sidewalk.
A referee match the in watching. is shown progress rugby with	A rugby match in progress is shown with the referee watching.
on fence. a climb Three livestock children	Three children climb on a livestock fence.
popping and bubbles. chasing The brown dog is	The brown dog is chasing and popping bubbles.
A of in happening men direction camera. women is the facing are that group and something of off	A group of men and women are facing in the direction of something that is happening off camera.
up he rides throwing his board. as snowboarder A is snow	A snowboarder is throwing up snow as he rides his board.
woman sit man A on rocks. a and	A man and a woman sit on rocks.
faces their hiding doorway. a in people Two	Two people hiding their faces in a doorway.
computer. laptop Macintosh headphones with at young looking A a man	A young man with headphones looking at a Macintosh laptop computer.
cement These sitting with of bench. turbans, are a the two three edge men, on	These three men, two with turbans, are sitting on the edge of a cement bench.
tennis coming A ball about racket girl with a her to a above is from hit	A girl is about to hit a tennis ball coming from above her with a racket
the gliding parasail people the red are over water. in The	The people in the red parasail are gliding over the water.
long green through hair surrounded A a pond by dog white grass. with wades	A white dog with long hair wades through a pond surrounded by green grass.
while a casting large climbs takes A a small child shadow picture. her rock someone	A small child climbs a large rock while someone casting a shadow takes her picture.
does in a A man desert on jump the a motorcycle.	A man does a jump in the desert on a motorcycle.
A yellow looking child at is of shirt body in water. a the	A child in a yellow shirt is looking at the body of water.
doing crowd. of motocross is a The jump in in air front bike the the	The motocross bike is doing a jump in the air in front of the crowd.
with the returns The hunter's bird. dog	The dog returns with the hunter's bird.
Children in costumes line. in standing	Children in costumes standing in line.
around kids a red stand apparatus Three on two tires.	Three kids stand around a red apparatus on two tires.
smiling each couple together a posing	a couple posing together each smiling
ocean. play in the watercraft People on	People on watercraft play in the ocean.
of posed a girl statue over A animal. dangerous a is	A girl is posed over a statue of a dangerous animal.
black and white A running is dog grass. the through	A black and white dog is running through the grass.
a skateboard. doing is shirt his wearing flip aerial and guy with red The a	The guy is wearing a red shirt and doing a aerial flip with his skateboard.
A surfer the waves. rides	A surfer rides the waves.
man's A a his head on face. places dog	A dog places his head on a man's face.
man floor. does on splits hardwood the a older An	An older man does the splits on a hardwood floor.
an stands black A to catch object it field. while white dog a is about in snowy and	A white and black dog is about to catch an object while it stands in a snowy field.
rocks. is The a climbing harness, girl in	The girl is in a harness, climbing rocks.
swimming at in same a into pool Five swim young time. jump the boys trunks	Five young boys in swim trunks jump into a swimming pool at the same time.
shirt is holding A green red young blue ball. and a in soccer boy a	A young boy in a green shirt is holding a red and blue soccer ball.
boy shirt behind a A him. the without is several street stand in while people running	A boy without a shirt is running in the street while several people stand behind him.
riding subway the Kids	Kids riding the subway
running the Two snow. weimaraners in	Two weimaraners running in the snow.
with filiming Man beach. man a the at sunglasses	Man filiming a man with sunglasses at the beach.
on a players and one field ground. on are the wet Two is	Two players are on a wet field and one is on the ground.
frisbeen A a in has thrown. and dog shorts tri-colored jumps pink man catches that a	A tri-colored dog jumps and catches a pink frisbeen that a man in shorts has thrown.
in in with blurry train suit, man background. Gray-haired station	Gray-haired man in suit, with blurry train station in background.
over black black is head. a her with umbrella woman a holding shirt Blond	Blond woman with a black shirt is holding a black umbrella over her head.
red a straw A sweatshirt hat cellphone. man and in uses a a	A man in a red sweatshirt and a straw hat uses a cellphone.
a dog track. A a running along on fence dirt	A dog running along a fence on a dirt track.
talking a woman to while on A shirtless sitting bench man. a is	A woman is sitting on a bench while talking to a shirtless man.
karate in uniforms Two other. men kicking each	Two men in karate uniforms kicking each other.
him. blurry Bald, man shirt, around and sunglasses white with crowd older	Bald, older man with sunglasses and white shirt, blurry crowd around him.
field. ball red catching in Dog a	Dog catching red ball in a field.
shirt the man the through is in streets. bag city a The carrying black red	The man in the red shirt is carrying a black bag through the city streets.
smiling on helmet A his man head. a with	A man smiling with a helmet on his head.
dog person look under a the and A shelf.	A dog and a person look under the shelf.
cheerleader The two throw in the the men air.	The two men throw the cheerleader in the air.
group climb air people A balloon. of hot into a	A group of people climb into a hot air balloon.
girl A a pig stuffed young smiles. holding	A young girl holding a stuffed pig smiles.
are and Many in public park. swimming playing in dogs fountain a a	Many dogs are swimming and playing in a fountain in a public park.
swim trunks in black a teenage trampoline. on Two boys play	Two teenage boys in black swim trunks play on a trampoline.
The three yard. in dogs ran the	The three dogs ran in the yard.
on at helmet is bike bike wearing a rider the his male A and camera. pointing	A male bike rider wearing a helmet is on his bike and pointing at the camera.
hanging runs A tongue with out. dog his	A dog runs with his tongue hanging out.
boy does railing. tricks across a jumping teenage A	A teenage boy does tricks jumping across a railing.
in waiting people The are line.	The people are waiting in line.
uniform, uniform a white one in playing and ball and Two the basketball. are men, other with blue a a	Two men, one with a ball and a blue uniform, and the other in a white uniform are playing basketball.
it. Frisbee, team Frisbee a holding part huddles a A around each of	A Frisbee team huddles around a Frisbee, each holding a part of it.
women costumes microphone. Two in a standing front in of smiling	Two smiling women in costumes standing in front of a microphone.
behind standing it. and a a counter jar that Four tips register has men cash are on	Four men are standing behind a counter that has a cash register and tips jar on it.
holds toddler. woman A a	A woman holds a toddler.
stands and hat wearing building. a man formal next suit A a to	A man wearing a formal suit and hat stands next to a building.
a A pipe. man is snowboarding over	A man is snowboarding over a pipe.
graffiti. ramp boy a A covered skateboards off in	A boy skateboards off a ramp covered in graffiti.
girl Little Hello in shirt Kitty jumping. is pink a	Little girl in a pink Hello Kitty shirt is jumping.
in A red sunglasses girl in sink. barefoot plays young, a	A young, barefoot girl in red sunglasses plays in a sink.
a ponytail grass flowers wooden girl in of at A her. before and bench, the sitting a dge	A girl in a ponytail sitting at the dge of a wooden bench, grass and flowers before her.
a over couch. a small brown and black white dog big jumping	a small white and black dog jumping over a big brown couch.
up passed looking dog white in ball by small jumping and air	dog jumping looking up and small white ball in air passed by
bonfire night sitting beside drinks a a of are with men them. at Three table around	Three men are sitting around a bonfire at night with a table of drinks beside them.
Two jump trampoline. on a children	Two children jump on a trampoline.
snow. people A Eastern Middle group the of through walking	A group of Middle Eastern people walking through the snow.
yellow up jumping soccer A dog ball. to meet small a	A small dog jumping up to meet a yellow soccer ball.
taking sweatshirt. woman off her is a A white up with hair blonde	A blonde woman with her hair up is taking off a white sweatshirt.
down really biking terrain. man is A rough	A man is biking down really rough terrain.
a onlookers. performing trick man The skateboard is near on a	The man is performing a trick on a skateboard near onlookers.
A kite flying the up little a high in is air. boy	A little boy is flying a kite high up in the air.
boy a board. ocean in with boogie plays A the	A boy plays in the ocean with a boogie board.
running the a on green boy grass. soccer A little uniform in is	A little boy in a green soccer uniform is running on the grass.
wooded down path. file riders Horseback a	Horseback riders file down a wooded path.
each each wide-legged, of the foot on stands A boy side tube little slide.	A little boy stands wide-legged, each foot on each side of the tube slide.
stands a Mohawk man of in with people. A group a	A man with a Mohawk stands in a group of people.
a from in drink water hockey goalie A a red takes uniform bottle. a	A hockey goalie in a red uniform takes a drink from a water bottle.
the a white snowy jacket on air A wearing mountains. snowboarder lone the into jumping	A lone snowboarder wearing a white jacket jumping into the air on the snowy mountains.
rimmed man sleeping his with drink in glasses with hand a black a	a man with black rimmed glasses sleeping with a drink in his hand
of seated by people, windows in desks line behind, of Group a library. from in	Group of people, from behind, seated in a line of desks by windows in library.
a in dog standing with next a mouth A to stick dog. white black his	A white dog with a stick in his mouth standing next to a black dog.
in the dogs are white snow. Two playing	Two dogs are playing in the white snow.
a in of stands at body edge hat of the water. A boy a barefoot	A boy in a hat stands barefoot at the edge of a body of water.
skateboard at rides park. boy A the his	A boy rides his skateboard at the park.
black in and dog playing the white snow together a	a black and white dog playing in the snow together
fetching Dog huge stick.	Dog fetching huge stick.
in falls head. off shirt bulls purple Man	Man in purple shirt falls off bulls head.
small A running on covered pebble white dog a beach.	A small white dog running on a pebble covered beach.
man the street. riding his helmet white and red a wearing a bike red down	a man wearing a white and red helmet riding his red bike down the street.
its by a foliage. and are dry black A ringed near pond dog seen reflection	A black dog and its reflection are seen near a pond ringed by dry foliage.
a women Two bed. on sit young	Two young women sit on a bed.
child the A beach small on running	A small child running on the beach
sunny girl the in kissing park grass and on in boy a A day a a	A girl and a boy in a park kissing in the grass on a sunny day
a swimming pretty the lake in background a in person waterfall with a	a person swimming in a pretty lake with a waterfall in the background
of Three Christmas posing for a a tree. are a front girls dresser picture beside in decorated	Three girls are posing for a picture beside a dresser in front of a decorated Christmas tree.
A after white the chasing a at dog dog beach is small	A white dog is chasing after a small dog at the beach
fancily stand people a A in room. decorated of group	A group of people stand in a fancily decorated room.
from running White the dog colored away house. orange	White dog running away from the orange colored house.
structure. girl Boy metal and building	Boy and girl building metal structure.
denim boy A overalls slides an down slide. in orange little	A little boy in denim overalls slides down an orange slide.
jumps catch A Frisbee. to in a dog midair	A dog jumps in midair to catch a Frisbee.
enjoys rock brunette climbing. some Fit time	Fit brunette enjoys some time rock climbing.
shorts is person jumping wearing over The fountain. flannel a	The person wearing flannel shorts is jumping over a fountain.
A dot a child in swing. shirt tree on down a young polka hangs upside	A young child in a polka dot shirt hangs upside down on a tree swing.
is on A a flip doing teenage back midair beach. boy the in	A teenage boy is doing a back flip in midair on the beach.
red red in and girl to mid-speach. eyebrows be A appears hair with	A girl with red hair and red eyebrows appears to be in mid-speach.
person, and through This orange displays yellow the water. is sail, sailing board an whose	This person, whose board displays an orange and yellow sail, is sailing through the water.
to with practicing balance karate aid in harnesses Kids	Kids practicing karate with harnesses to aid in balance
is A shoulders. girl someone's upside-down on	A girl is upside-down on someone's shoulders.
pants. yellow and with a man pants man is a There black with	There is a man with yellow pants and a man with black pants.
children in a bridge. A the group play of water under	A group of children play in the water under a bridge.
green running dogs grass. Two grey in	Two grey dogs running in green grass.
grass. running through tall dog A	A dog running through tall grass.
suspended cable. containing people is by a boat A	A boat containing people is suspended by a cable.
and dog black a on A tricks course. is performing white	A black and white dog is performing tricks on a course.
markings object. White to jumping catch an with dark dog	White dog with dark markings jumping to catch an object.
man landscape a in a is front desert A shorts jumping and of in t-shirt	A man in shorts and a t-shirt is jumping in front of a desert landscape
ring mouth his holding dog A small in a river. is a standing in	A dog holding a ring in his mouth is standing in a small river.
through black a a dog running river and brown	a brown and black dog running through a river
a park women on Two sitting are bench	Two women are sitting on a park bench
A the the in savanah, children group animals background. stand in of	A group of children stand in the savanah, animals in the background.
beach. Four riding the on people horseback are	Four people are riding horseback on the beach.
boy wearing appears gray and shirt to be A little white dancing. pants a	A little boy wearing a white shirt and gray pants appears to be dancing.
blue yellow a dog a a small fetching with color ball	a small dog with a blue color fetching a yellow ball
sand and on basketball a on stand water, a horse. person by deflated Two surrounded dogs a	Two dogs stand on sand surrounded by water, a deflated basketball and a person on a horse.
A a swing wearing a on shirt boy hand gestures. is making green	A boy on a swing wearing a green shirt is making hand gestures.
playground a on Little around rides boy motorized bike.	Little boy rides around playground on a motorized bike.
jump sand at the beach. people of in A group the	A group of people jump in the sand at the beach.
the in A plays in snowsuit baby snow. girl brown a	A baby girl in a brown snowsuit plays in the snow.
woman, covered A in a cigarette, blue smoking closed. eyes shawl, a and red	A woman, covered in a red and blue shawl, smoking a cigarette, eyes closed.
soda carries white on a ground. snowy dog A bottle the	A white dog carries a soda bottle on the snowy ground.
a A firing sleeves with man pistol long at flare night. is	A man with long sleeves is firing a flare pistol at night.
playing on is wearing industrial jeans equipment. boy Little	Little boy wearing jeans is playing on industrial equipment.
flowers with man dressed by formally suit a women dressed surrounded in A	A man dressed in a suit surrounded by formally dressed women with flowers
look dogs perched black and kitten a white some Two on equipment. at	Two black and white dogs look at a kitten perched on some equipment.
full people of at A a waiting stop. bus	A bus full of people waiting at a stop.
the big stands road boy wearing red A a in hat.	A boy stands in the road wearing a big red hat.
in mall. sits for a at lunch table A a couple	A couple sits at a table for lunch in a mall.
wetsuit young child on rides wearing surfboard. a a yellow A	A young child wearing a yellow wetsuit rides on a surfboard.
The the over snow. surface dog white running of the is brown and	The white and brown dog is running over the surface of the snow.
on or street. People a city walking talking	People walking or talking on a city street.
overlooking of snow are covered a the clouds standing people line edge the in on mountains. of path the A	A line of people are standing on the edge of a snow covered path overlooking the clouds in the mountains.
A and a his in man a over red wears a red bandanna crowd face. hat	A man in a crowd wears a red hat and a red bandanna over his face.
on banks. wire A joins kayak is both that the a bridge river passing by	A kayak on the river is passing by a wire bridge that joins both banks.
wearing A hat jacket man is walking and a young outside. black	A young man wearing a black hat and jacket is walking outside.
players stretching Football are together.	Football players are stretching together.
together Three sit woven near walls. women	Three women sit together near woven walls.
on a skater a purple An is a trick performing jacket wearing ramp. inline	An inline skater wearing a purple jacket is performing a trick on a ramp.
a male for water picture a front The are the younger of of fountain. posing parents in	The parents of the younger male are posing for a picture in front of a water fountain.
red wearing A shirt their child a arms. raising and is	A child is wearing a red shirt and raising their arms.
a A with is large walking mouth. in furry his brown dog leash	A large furry brown dog is walking with a leash in his mouth.
jumping the children red as wearing swim. other is into river boy The shorts	The boy wearing red shorts is jumping into the river as other children swim.
A a as through the encounters his bicyclist tree air flies he path. in	A bicyclist flies through the air as he encounters a tree in his path.
a A swing green boys swings on a structure. outside old wooden	A boys swings on a green swing outside a old wooden structure.
a small dog A barrier. leaps	A small dog leaps a barrier.
man the A climbing is mountain.	A man is climbing the mountain.
waiting staircase the to Kids a building. brick at of a are attached bottom	Kids are waiting at the bottom of a staircase attached to a brick building.
jumps white A grey obstacle an during bar and course. a dog over	A grey and white dog jumps over a bar during an obstacle course.
a skateboarder ollies.	a skateboarder ollies.
young surfing in the ocean. boy A	A young boy surfing in the ocean.
the girl out smiling Asian in dress is a in countryside. pink An whilst	An Asian girl in a pink dress is smiling whilst out in the countryside.
tire is child over shoulder. his holding small A a	A small child is holding a tire over his shoulder.
man pulling A odd around wheels. thing on some	A man pulling around some odd thing on wheels.
crewmen supervise. engulfed A movie flames two while is man in	A man is engulfed in flames while two movie crewmen supervise.
giant man's of billboard a A abs	A giant billboard of a man's abs
people a lit in group club. night of A dimly	A group of people in a dimly lit night club.
shirt a ramp. grinding the red concrete in of Skateboarder along edge a	Skateboarder in a red shirt grinding along the edge of a concrete ramp.
jumping snow. off snowboarder air the in of A	A snowboarder jumping in the air off of snow.
jumps a over a wave his man on surfboard.	a man jumps over a wave on his surfboard.
holding wave colorful People flags. a bus while tall in	People in a tall bus wave while holding colorful flags.
falls onlookers a playing the baseball to ground A while at boy bat game watch.	A boy at bat playing a baseball game falls to the ground while onlookers watch.
a kiss at bench. to hand woman four beside boys pretend statue A making her is a	A woman is making a statue pretend to kiss her hand beside four boys at a bench.
men hoop. an around Several indoor basketball	Several men around an indoor basketball hoop.
running dog A grass. the on	A dog running on the grass.
the with man A a bow-tie camera no looks expression. at with	A man with a bow-tie looks at the camera with no expression.
Two at sunset. walking people the along shore	Two people walking along the shore at sunset.
in midair A snowboarder	A snowboarder in midair
obstacle across an carrying his man bike a jumps	a man jumps across an obstacle carrying his bike
sign. looking kids at are a The two	The two kids are looking at a sign.
zebra Woman a standing curb. print tight jeans top in and on	Woman in zebra print top and tight jeans standing on a curb.
gymnasium. in attempts player a layup basketball a A	A basketball player attempts a layup in a gymnasium.
dirt jumping bike. The rider is his motocross	The motocross rider is jumping his dirt bike.
dog man walks stroller. pushes a brown a while woman A a	A man walks a brown dog while a woman pushes a stroller.
people playing are ice hockey. Two	Two people are playing ice hockey.
through A cycling mountains. snowy person	A person cycling through snowy mountains.
A Santa's on is little girl lap sitting	A little girl is sitting on Santa's lap
jumps hill. across A snowboarder snowy a	A snowboarder jumps across a snowy hill.
black fence. near the sprints blue dog a	a black dog sprints near the blue fence.
Two are sign front museum. a reading of in a people	Two people are reading a sign in front of a museum.
motorcycle at is gesturing somebody. racer A	A motorcycle racer is gesturing at somebody.
jump a A boat pulling a speed waterskier along	A speed boat pulling a waterskier along a jump
with a boys floors. kitchen young in standing hardwood Two	Two young boys standing in a kitchen with hardwood floors.
are Two in in children costume dance studio. a	Two children are in costume in a dance studio.
the with palm of dolphins Two jump water them. trees behind blue out	Two dolphins jump out of the blue water with palm trees behind them.
a dogs Three in field.	Three dogs in a field.
over and yellow jumping on fence dog white obstacle The course. is an a	The dog is jumping over a yellow and white fence on an obstacle course.
running his up a A with ramp. in hands bike his biker is	A biker is running with his bike in his hands up a ramp.
air front a Girl on the into canyon. rock top jumping in of of a	Girl jumping into the air on top of a rock in front of a canyon.
area. grassy and A biker trick shallow attempts on top hill of nearby a a gate a	A biker on top of a shallow hill attempts a trick nearby a gate and grassy area.
A paraglides at person sundown.	A person paraglides at sundown.
man air time as wakeboards. of gets lots A he	A man gets lots of air time as he wakeboards.
water. blue up peeking Boy from	Boy peeking up from blue water.
a track. runs number down on wearing a tan shirt a with A it gold greyhound	A tan greyhound wearing a gold shirt with a number on it runs down a track.
in people on Many field. formation a	Many people in formation on a field.
wheel of steering a at little vehicle. boy A the	A little boy at the steering wheel of a vehicle.
man a wearing older cart torn A orange items. is and is on up of leaning an full shopping suit	A older man is wearing a torn up suit and is leaning on an orange shopping cart full of items.
in slide. down red ready A slide a pants to getting metal boy	A boy in red pants getting ready to slide down a metal slide.
person emerges water water, hair. cascading the of a pool from their A from	A person emerges from a pool of water, the water cascading from their hair.
run on boys maintained well trail. Two a	Two boys run on a well maintained trail.
the knelt on hockey ice. The player	The hockey player knelt on the ice.
skates wearing boy cones. a flips up between A scooter he his orange as helmet	A boy wearing a helmet flips up his scooter as he skates between orange cones.
has children a one beach ball. play Two and	Two children play and one has a beach ball.
the little dog A snow. black is running on	A little black dog is running on the snow.
in high jello. The little her chair girl is eating	The little girl is in her high chair eating jello.
a her while at A and him. looks necklace man holds across she stands woman from	A man stands across from a woman and holds her necklace while she looks at him.
with bushes adorned walking couples a grass. trees, and Two path on	Two couples walking on a path adorned with trees, bushes and grass.
shirtless in over pool A playing water. bent is child shallow	A shirtless child is bent over playing in shallow pool water.
run forest. a a area dogs near Two on dirt	Two dogs run on a dirt area near a forest.
grass with a and walking of field in hair long Woman goldenrod.	Woman with long hair walking in a field of grass and goldenrod.
and with grass. red black spots a newly on cut collar runs dog A white	A white dog with a red collar and black spots runs on newly cut grass.
for A him. at tennis several jumps thrown balls dog	A dog jumps for several tennis balls thrown at him.
and black A a roof. brown dog stands on	A black and brown dog stands on a roof.
flowers Two children track. a they as along walk grassy carry	Two children carry flowers as they walk along a grassy track.
a them. behind snowy crossing hikers Two with mountainous terrain field,	Two hikers crossing a snowy field, with mountainous terrain behind them.
A the speeds skier snow. through	A skier speeds through the snow.
in brown beach, dog following a A on muddy dark person a yellow running him. pants	A dark brown dog running on a muddy beach, a person in yellow pants following him.
motorcycle leather in gear. Man	Man in leather motorcycle gear.
the a road. around biker in is riding The curve	The biker is riding around a curve in the road.
sign holding on tan the on dog small a a holding man street a a while lease.	a man on the street holding a sign while holding a small tan dog on a lease.
board on feet his choppy with A man a on catch parasails the the waves. sea, to	A man parasails on the choppy sea, with a board on his feet to catch the waves.
glasses shirt coral in leaning while is with against fence. A smiling girl a a	A girl in a coral shirt with glasses is smiling while leaning against a fence.
on surfboard riding wave a a A person	A person on a surfboard riding a wave
the air. a a performing trick high in snowboard Man on	Man on a snowboard performing a trick high in the air.
jumping into black a There a pool. is dog swimming	There is a black dog jumping into a swimming pool.
men sidewalk stand front hotel. tropical in on a of a Two	Two men stand on a sidewalk in front of a tropical hotel.
child skiing. Man and	Man and child skiing.
person is of a off jumping while skiing. This hill	This person is jumping off of a hill while skiing.
looks a baby, toys, some playpen. out A of by surrounded	A baby, surrounded by some toys, looks out of a playpen.
wooden and couple jeans young wearing a blue pier. white both a down walking shirts	a young couple both wearing white shirts and blue jeans walking down a wooden pier.
player is football being tackled. The	The football player is being tackled.
hippie front of bottle dancing a A carrying while band girl of a in water is	A hippie girl is dancing in front of a band while carrying a bottle of water
are the air others hanging a man while water-skiing. is flying through paraglider from A	A man is flying through the air hanging from a paraglider while others are water-skiing.
A stands of female crowd. young firefighter front a in	A young female firefighter stands in front of a crowd.
the ball. player Basketball holding	Basketball player holding the ball.
a man A park. Rollerblades in	A man Rollerblades in a park.
child pink up long a haired punch is at the bag. The in sweater jumping	The long haired child in the pink sweater is jumping up at a punch bag.
an front on Dog a of audience. Frisbee in a field catching	Dog catching a Frisbee on a field in front of an audience.
stand balcony other. A a man looking woman and at at each	A man and woman stand at a balcony looking at each other.
women, red with in Young black stains two face, on man with posing clothing.	Young man with red stains on face, with two women, posing in black clothing.
of out is the black dog's The water. poking head up	The black dog's head is poking up out of the water.
moves his arms. his A policeman and whistle vest a wearing green blows	A policeman wearing a green vest blows his whistle and moves his arms.
a busy couple standing street. on small child A with is a	A couple with a small child is standing on a busy street.
of figure the peak a on A stands snowy human mountain.	A human figure stands on the peak of a snowy mountain.
brown play in wooded white Two of area. a dogs clearing and roughly a	Two brown and white dogs play roughly in a clearing of a wooded area.
man A window. a out picture takes a	A man takes a picture out a window.
wagon. a in pulls child small another A	A child pulls another in a small wagon.
a stands A water. dog, in possibly nose-deep basset hound, pond	A dog, possibly a basset hound, stands nose-deep in pond water.
at staring Two a in are water the dogs splash	Two dogs are staring at a splash in the water
with woman is rummaging a through cart a trashcan. shopping a	a woman with a shopping cart is rummaging through a trashcan.
mouths rag dogs their with in a Two	Two dogs with a rag in their mouths
swing The set rings. on with a playing is girl	The girl is playing on a swing set with rings.
men, one one bagpipe. Two playing a bagpipe and the adjusting	Two men, one playing a bagpipe and one adjusting the bagpipe.
toy. dog a bites wrinkled a A on face pink with	A dog with a wrinkled face bites on a pink toy.
A jack-o-lantern. girl high in kicks a black over	A girl in black high kicks over a jack-o-lantern.
Child stands cliff. near edge of	Child stands near edge of cliff.
across dog snow. the The black sprints brown and	The brown and black dog sprints across the snow.
little a green the from hose. boy drinks water	a little boy drinks water from the green hose.
young through girl's looking leaves. A face	A young girl's face looking through leaves.
biking near person trees. A	A person biking near trees.
claps. while is daughter There the her woman holding a daughter baby	There is a woman holding her baby daughter while the daughter claps.
in that at is something man and looks beard a holding. he shirt blue A	A man in a blue shirt and beard looks at something that he is holding.
up A gear the camping woman in snow. heating something with is	A woman with camping gear is heating something up in the snow.
a sky standing with A the background. high a man with cloud-covered hat on rock in is a	A man with a hat is standing on a high rock with a cloud-covered sky in the background.
water. in in yellow woman a carries A the child	A woman in yellow carries a child in the water.
asian little girl. hand an a lady holding older the asian of	an older asian lady holding the hand of a little asian girl.
a dark Two in tug-of-war dogs the object with play snow.	Two dogs play tug-of-war with a dark object in the snow.
young boy a beach. girl A a thrown watches at the as man by is	A young boy is thrown by a man as a girl watches at the beach.
fountain playing A girl a in	A girl playing in a fountain
Four for on drinks a large waiting bar at young sitting are stools kids	Four young kids are sitting on large stools at a bar waiting for drinks
yellow from jump into a off dog a shaking A stream.	A yellow dog shaking off from a jump into a stream.
wave covers Two them. in the surf as people the	Two people in the surf as the wave covers them.
in of water. a body Two dogs walk	Two dogs walk in a body of water.
Asian park. the Two girls walk along	Two Asian girls walk along the park.
is through walking black a A stream dog	A black dog is walking through a stream
through the A near jump. blue skier a is snow flying wearing air pants	A skier wearing blue snow pants is flying through the air near a jump.
balances girl A at wooden young pylons the beach. on	A young girl balances on wooden pylons at the beach.
a pants in pink Young rail. purple turquoise and top child clutching guard	Young child in pink top and purple pants clutching a turquoise guard rail.
on the standing out is tracks. Girl train	Girl is standing out on the train tracks.
yelling People outside building a and are gathered	People are gathered outside a building and yelling
a jumps dirt racer bike over A slope.	A dirt bike racer jumps over a slope.
reaches for a bar. A child	A child reaches for a bar.
cruiser. little corners next police A a to girl dog a	A dog corners a little girl next to a police cruiser.
older brown an has mouth, its with baby the a women that in baby wears Two a orange pacifier and dress.	Two older women with a baby that has a pacifier in its mouth, the baby wears an orange and brown dress.
with and buckets boy lake. in A garden of girl playing the overlooking water a are	A girl and boy are playing with buckets of water in the garden overlooking a lake.
A a dog off near front paws on grassy ground red surface brown its purple the and with flowers.	A brown dog with its front paws off the ground on a grassy surface near red and purple flowers.
snow dog dog on black a with land. wrestling playing covered brown play A	A brown dog playing play wrestling with a black dog on snow covered land.
red child A a bed. toward leaping	A child leaping toward a red bed.
young climbing boys the are a in Two seat vehicle. over	Two young boys are climbing over the seat in a vehicle.
a in hanging on to forest. blue in A girl vine a	A girl in blue hanging on to a vine in a forest.
is white a dog down ramp. brown A running and	A brown and white dog is running down a ramp.
yellow inside and toy. plays inflatable A boy white smiling an	A smiling boy plays inside an inflatable yellow and white toy.
A is with earpiece man nearby smiling opening. bald an building a	A bald man with an earpiece is smiling nearby a building opening.
with people political signs. Three	Three people with political signs.
a white the air and motorcycle. through a A in flying red, blue jumpsuit yellow on person	A person in a red, white and blue jumpsuit flying through the air on a yellow motorcycle.
runs A water's by edge. dog the	A dog runs by the water's edge.
while blue vest wearing a white and shirt with a talking cap Woman white marching. a	Woman wearing a blue shirt with a white vest and a white cap talking while marching.
The dirty a vehicle in caught flood. is	The dirty vehicle is caught in a flood.
woman a a pool. paddling running child standing from is A by away	A child is running away from a woman standing by a paddling pool.
Grey dogs forest and running black away down path	Grey and black dogs running away down forest path
A snowy, high climber solitary mountains. on	A solitary climber on snowy, high mountains.
A orange child doing white push and ups. outfit a in	A child in a white and orange outfit doing push ups.
taking two pictures. which Three older women, are of	Three older women, two of which are taking pictures.
colorful girl with A yawns. small hair in barettes her	A small girl with colorful barettes in her hair yawns.
game. watching a man is shirt red football A a in	A man in a red shirt is watching a football game.
air and a thrown colorful nearby. him A ball looking the in was that above at a parrot dog standing	A dog looking at a ball that was thrown in the air above him and a colorful parrot standing nearby.
Woman a orange black jacket with dog playing in	Woman in orange jacket playing with a black dog
hockey Two collide. field players	Two field hockey players collide.
a yellow A jump. in dressed snowboarder makes	A snowboarder dressed in yellow makes a jump.
walking around is man with and on a slouching people A him. couch sitting	A man is slouching on a couch with people walking and sitting around him.
and smiling. A baseball wearing a shirt man black cap	A man wearing a black shirt and baseball cap smiling.
a standing water stream her of a dumps A head. or in child a on bucket in his	A child in a standing in a stream dumps a bucket of water on his or her head.
mountains his the to using backpacker glacier. hiking a stick A in at point	A backpacker in the mountains using his hiking stick to point at a glacier.
on Man bike mountains in	Man on bike in mountains
is playing man another A sings guitar. as	A man sings as another is playing guitar.
white A crane water. flies over	A white crane flies over water.
the striped black dog in white with disk. grass A a and red is	A black and white dog is in the grass with a red striped disk.
fountain. little a at water Two boys	Two little boys at a water fountain.
on canoe a people in mountain. Two river a a forested beside	Two people in a canoe on a river beside a forested mountain.
runs. white A small dog	A small white dog runs.
red A off sand. a into jacket jumping of a in child rock	A child in a red jacket jumping off of a rock into sand.
in mouth. ball on brown runs with white The the snow a his dog	The brown dog runs on the snow with a white ball in his mouth.
a A the water. as out white stick it dog of mouth holds its comes in	A white dog holds a stick in its mouth as it comes out of the water.
dog ball. a pink chasing A	A dog chasing a pink ball.
scene downtown area. a A crowd in	A crowd scene in a downtown area.
on rocky woman is running An a Asian path.	An Asian woman is running on a rocky path.
behind third from watches the dogs grass dog them. Two a run as in	Two dogs run in the grass as a third dog watches from behind them.
hat fuzzy A is a little tricycle with riding a girl outside. purple	A little girl with a purple fuzzy hat is riding a tricycle outside.
Two bench. a women on	Two women on a bench.
wearing turns tennis to ball. white man hit yellow a A	A man wearing white turns to hit a yellow tennis ball.
llama. black at curiously white dogs the look The	The white dogs look curiously at the black llama.
crowd light nighttime back the while fireworks stands street, up a	fireworks light up a nighttime street, while the crowd stands back
are their of front climbers a The in cave. equipment on rock	The rock climbers are on their equipment in front of a cave.
men Two a for picture. posing are	Two men are posing for a picture.
a a boy courtyard. turns handcrank A in	A boy turns a handcrank in a courtyard.
go to group waiting A of people a white building. into	A group of people waiting to go into a white building.
uniform a woman a track jumping A over hurdle. in	A woman in a track uniform jumping over a hurdle.
striped hurdle. rider horse and over leap a A	A horse and rider leap over a striped hurdle.
shirt person climbing red covered a rock in handles. assist in a up face A	A person in a red shirt climbing up a rock face covered in assist handles.
garden in area. across run puppies stones flat Two	Two puppies run across flat stones in garden area.
wooden black on a balances dog white and plank. A	A black and white dog balances on a wooden plank.
Little boy water. sneakers into in jumping	Little boy in sneakers jumping into water.
many watched and wearing no in man A yellow by people. is pants shirt being	A man in yellow pants and wearing no shirt is being watched by many people.
her and rails. are The jumping horse rider horseback	The horseback rider and her horse are jumping rails.
it looks clothes in winter snows. while A happy young woman	A young woman looks happy in winter clothes while it snows.
dog but back. the corner around follows another looks A dog	A dog follows another dog around the corner but looks back.
pink and toy path. The the on girl is walks blue she carrying as little a	The little girl is carrying a pink and blue toy as she walks on the path.
dogs, beach. black white other and runs on Two one the the black,	Two dogs, one black, the other black and white runs on the beach.
A scooter. is plastic riding a toddler	A toddler is riding a plastic scooter.
people a on rocks sitting at Two and feet. their pack	Two people sitting on rocks and a pack at their feet.
her A toddler cute girl waits stroller. in	A cute toddler girl waits in her stroller.
a grass is across white ball a A fence. carrying dog nearby the	A white dog is carrying a ball across the grass nearby a fence.
a and in brown on. while dog pool tan a A black looks swims dog	A tan dog swims in a pool while a black and brown dog looks on.
dressed her bike walks purple and in beside at blue A night. girl	A girl dressed in purple and blue walks beside her bike at night.
on beach a covered dog a slimy, ball brown a green, retrieves rock	a brown dog retrieves a ball on a green, slimy, rock covered beach
with domes A boardwalk blue the girl walks little a in background. on	A little girl walks on a boardwalk with blue domes in the background.
runs out of Corgi tunnel. A a	A Corgi runs out of a tunnel.
on a girl around a her shirt rides young young flower her. something skateboard with a wraps A boy while	A young girl with a flower on her shirt rides a skateboard while a young boy wraps something around her.
purple with along paved some by little is A riding tricycle hat farmland. a road girl	A little girl with purple hat is riding a tricycle along paved road by some farmland.
living A blow in their raft into room. up a jumps family	A family jumps into a blow up raft in their living room.
a toy playing in baby A	A baby playing in a toy
A a house. toy dog of a outside brick catches	A dog catches a toy outside of a brick house.
red stands. light girls sit hair, in Two the jerseys, with long each brown wearing	Two girls wearing red jerseys, each with long light brown hair, sit in the stands.
woman camera. in smiling the at a sitting A and chair	A woman sitting in a chair and smiling at the camera.
her clear water. a in on bikini pool a wearing lying shallow Girl blue of back	Girl wearing a bikini lying on her back in a shallow pool of clear blue water.
A mud. in plays child the	A child plays in the mud.
on a all house. as the are toy same tugging stand dogs behind Three they	Three dogs are all tugging on the same toy as they stand behind a house.
13 goal shot defenders four takes with Soccer player goalie. and # on a a	Soccer player # 13 takes a shot on goal with four defenders and a goalie.
and leather shirt. white a A man wearing a coat	A man wearing a leather coat and a white shirt.
snowy along yellow A speeds a car field.	A yellow car speeds along a snowy field.
through in Lots are sandy of runs playing city park the in the that and river people it. the beside	Lots of people are playing in the river that runs through the city and in the sandy park beside it.
hand his boy jacket on A a the chest at jean smiling his with camera. wearing	A boy wearing a jean jacket with his hand on his chest smiling at the camera.
in running a shirt baseball midfield. a player There is yellow	There is a baseball player in a yellow shirt running midfield.
A in hula a outside. little pick neck girl with her hoops dress	A little girl in a pick dress hula hoops with her neck outside.
across wearing run Two partially shot. boys, one glasses, grass. Third child in	Two boys, one wearing glasses, run across grass. Third child partially in shot.
A bike path dirt the wearing in woods. dirty a rides helmet a person a on	A person wearing a helmet rides a dirty bike on a dirt path in the woods.
biker ramp. A a a does on trick	A biker does a trick on a ramp.
wearing little dragon on boy costume A bike	A little boy on bike wearing dragon costume
dog is chasing a after brown with ball. a red harness A	A brown dog with a harness is chasing after a red ball.
wearing white man A and is playing cricket.	A man is wearing white and playing cricket.
path above hikes city. a a on high A man dirt	A man hikes on a dirt path high above a city.
ocean. tent the near man is up a the shore setting The on	The man is setting up a tent on the shore near the ocean.
man handing A men. box a group of a to	A man handing a box to a group of men.
in a The standing little restaurant. wearing and is front a of girl sweater black	The little girl is wearing a black sweater and standing in front of a restaurant.
hits baseball a bat. with boy the A	A boy hits a baseball with the bat.
motorcycle. on and police boy A a woman sits little	A woman and little boy sits on a police motorcycle.
motorcyclist turn. sharp making a A	A motorcyclist making a sharp turn.
his pool little and A a father. out up pulled being frightened by boy of	A frightened little boy being pulled up and out of a pool by his father.
public A trick steps. is on a doing man	A man is doing a trick on public steps.
through two field a running are spotted dogs	two spotted dogs are running through a field
sits A with seat in man boy of a jeep. the a little drivers	A man sits with a little boy in the drivers seat of a jeep.
runs with The the player football in black football.	The football player in black runs with the football.
A plays dog water. in around black	A black dog plays around in water.
in holds mouse a a A with catcher child it.	A child holds a catcher with a mouse in it.
out some carrying seaweed black water. the of A dog	A black dog carrying some seaweed out of the water.
Two white running one to are dogs alongside a next another fence.	Two white dogs are running alongside one another next to a fence.
wearing sweater. dog The pink is a	The dog is wearing a pink sweater.
of large down in A tractor. ride road a the people group	A group of people ride down the road in a large tractor.
a man prepares uniform to play. in football red A	A man in a red football uniform prepares to play.
swimming into a a dog pool. leaping is brown garden	a brown dog is leaping into a garden swimming pool.
a singing dress polka girl in into a dot microphone. A	A girl in a polka dot dress singing into a microphone.
Two puppy, a dog a black white and dogs, snow. the black in	Two black dogs, a black puppy, and a white dog in the snow.
skiing snowy A down a hill. man	A man skiing down a snowy hill.
in poodle, black another poodle A is climbing white black a is who turn climbing over over poodle.	A white poodle is climbing over a black poodle, who is in turn climbing over another black poodle.
next up A an a his fence. incline rides to skateboard boy	A boy rides his skateboard up an incline next to a fence.
puppy with A playing a ball.	A puppy playing with a ball.
man of front mountainous a is rock in area. A standing on a	A man is standing on a rock in front of a mountainous area.
A a into ball child the kicks air.	A child kicks a ball into the air.
People equipment inspecting sound indoors. are	People are inspecting sound equipment indoors.
people in have the gathered Many street.	Many people have gathered in the street.
sand sitting people on a Three in beach. the	Three people sitting in the sand on a beach.
Two in the its in is flapping front are one water, wings. swans the	Two swans are in the water, the one in front is flapping its wings.
dog gates jumping over A small black	A small black dog jumping over gates
The are on path lined trees. the children by walking	The children are walking on the path lined by trees.
flags. in in take ceremony uniform Men a part with	Men in uniform take part in a ceremony with flags.
necklace white a for black with the woman camera. and sweater A poses	A woman with a black sweater and white necklace poses for the camera.
a boys in Three large covered play snow field little	Three little boys play in a large snow covered field
small ears in mouth. holding A a is big stick dog its with	A dog with big ears is holding a small stick in its mouth.
ball. girl pink blue shirt in Young kicking	Young girl in pink shirt kicking blue ball.
his A guitar. with out man onstage rocks	A man rocks out onstage with his guitar.
snowboarder snow-covered air a cliff. the A clears over	A snowboarder clears the air over a snow-covered cliff.
and a in with holding woman book. looking sits it of a red straw a cup front a a at woman in A man	A woman holding a red cup with a straw in it sits in front of a man and a woman looking at a book.
shirt A down black blue jeans little a boy walking in a path. and	A little boy in a black shirt and blue jeans walking down a path.
A on sleeping baby carries a back. her woman	A woman carries a sleeping baby on her back.
while side running by side and white black grass A dog dog on watch. onlookers the a	A white dog and a black dog running side by side on the grass while onlookers watch.
a with girl a red on shirt white cellphone a black haired and talking striped	a red haired girl with a black and white striped shirt talking on a cellphone
white and a wearing black a headband young grey man and shirt a	a young man wearing a grey and black shirt and a white headband
Groucho fake are woman a A man Marx and with cigars. as dressed	A man and a woman are dressed as Groucho Marx with fake cigars.
rowing tree-covered large, mountain. in canoe a a are people past Two	Two people in a canoe are rowing past a large, tree-covered mountain.
talking wall. the on sitting This woman is on while and phone stone smiling a	This woman is smiling and talking on the phone while sitting on a stone wall.
their large above fabric people sheet Many raise heads. a of	Many people raise a large sheet of fabric above their heads.
running the through snow. is dog A	A dog is running through the snow.
banks chair, beard a man A behind computer him. sleeps a with in	A man with a beard sleeps in a chair, computer banks behind him.
a crowd. woman above standing Young	Young woman standing above a crowd.
his young skateboard the A shocks audience tricks. with man	A young man shocks the audience with his skateboard tricks.
girl a young A air. jumps wearing the leotard blue in	A young girl wearing a blue leotard jumps in the air.
covered tent. emerges snow woman A from her	A woman emerges from her snow covered tent.
standing the front guard at shed. little black in boy of over looling a a A fence	A little boy looling over the fence at a guard standing in front of a black shed.
girl in poses A as up sign a someone smiles peace holds shirt a and white behind her.	A girl in a white shirt poses and smiles as someone holds up a peace sign behind her.
holding mouths. their in dogs Two one Frisbee	Two dogs holding one Frisbee in their mouths.
pose at dresses the on night. road the ladies Two of wearing side	Two ladies wearing dresses pose on the side of the road at night.
points. football player a	a football player points.
midair a ride Five hopper. children called frog on white-metal the	Five children on a white-metal midair ride called the frog hopper.
Two and in the grass. white interacting black one dog	Two black and one white dog interacting in the grass.
in wearing helmet a races black person car. A a race white	A person wearing a white helmet races in a black race car.
rock man white is wearing helmet climbing. a A	A man wearing a white helmet is rock climbing.
of water. out high A black the jumps dog	A black dog jumps high out of the water.
pool. swimming backwards a boy over brown-haired in flipped A trunks is swim	A brown-haired boy in swim trunks is flipped backwards over a swimming pool.
volleyball. woman plays A	A woman plays volleyball.
trampoline. a on head her A bouncing is on girl	A girl is bouncing on her head on a trampoline.
by is animal hosed brick wall. a down An	An animal is hosed down by a brick wall.
is puddle road. in walking little girl in water in a hole a rain A the of	A little girl is walking in a puddle of rain water in a hole in the road.
A sitting wall a beach. the on person beside is	A person is sitting on a wall beside the beach.
A chairs. a beard with orange sits among man	A man with a beard sits among orange chairs.
up woman a holds black in fish. bathing A suit a	A woman in a black bathing suit holds up a fish.
man suit jacket. step sharing in business sits a a with woman food on a a red in A leather	A woman in a red business suit sits on a step sharing food with a man in a leather jacket.
the is drink while water. a in brown wading The dog taking	The brown dog is taking a drink while wading in the water.
in corn in boys the an winter. field empty standing Two	Two boys standing in an empty corn field in the winter.
white on a in something yellow his man A t-shirt jumping bike.	A man in a white t-shirt jumping something on his yellow bike.
camo carries along walks man the sidewalk. in metal large Young box a pants	Young man in camo pants carries a large metal box walks along the sidewalk.
no and running shorts shirt, wearing small boy, is outdoors. A	A small boy, wearing shorts and no shirt, is running outdoors.
and was off fell man the in his sailing ocean The boat.	The man was sailing in the ocean and fell off his boat.
next bandanna, are standing one while to each bottle. holds a Two other with head one women, a	Two women, one with a head bandanna, are standing next to each other while one holds a bottle.
clear in the in A or person swimming anchored ocean his background. boat while is her is crystal water	A person is swimming in crystal clear ocean water while his or her boat is anchored in the background.
is a little in shirt glass creature. A looking white at a boy through the	A boy in a white shirt is looking through the glass at a little creature.
dogs. pulled the on snow sled is through a his A man by	A man on a sled is pulled through the snow by his dogs.
dogs running Two sand. through	Two dogs running through sand.
white the rides green waves. surfer out A and	A surfer rides out the green and white waves.
book. blanket, are on sitting The lady girl and a reading a a	The girl and a lady are sitting on a blanket, reading a book.
is little lot. parking A jumping girl rope in a	A little girl is jumping rope in a parking lot.
A of a snowboarder snow wide on plain	A snowboarder on a wide plain of snow
man haired Grey glasses. with	Grey haired man with glasses.
red dog a a chases ball.	a dog chases a red ball.
A from is by field watched action recoiling treated on a an taken others. baseball	A baseball is recoiling from an action taken on a treated field watched by others.
The boy steep grinding is a teenage on rail. a skateboard	The teenage boy is grinding a skateboard on a steep rail.
up group from of fly wall. street A birds the a painted against	A group of birds fly up from the street against a painted wall.
stretches out the ground hands his person. man to another a on	a man on the ground stretches his hands out to another person.
man to cloth blue a a wearing man A a wearing stands next cloth. red	A man wearing a red cloth stands next to a man wearing a blue cloth.
fur. blows brown his is lying on grassy a as dog the field through wind A	A brown dog is lying on a grassy field as the wind blows through his fur.
holding young brown stick. long girl a and red black striped a hair with	a young girl with long brown hair holding a black and red striped stick.
on jumping the child A air in the beach.	A child jumping in the air on the beach.
is pebbly black beach. dog a dog golden a approaching on	a black dog is approaching a golden dog on pebbly beach.
play suits Two the bathing in beach. on women	Two women in bathing suits play on the beach.
An is football Oklahoma playing player tackled	An Oklahoma player is tackled playing football
who sitting on a A girl a boy pushing swing. little little is is	A little girl is pushing a little boy who is sitting on a swing.
in snow. sweaters the in play dogs Two	Two dogs in sweaters play in the snow.
with snow. toy a in Three the dogs playing	Three dogs playing with a toy in the snow.
the a colored wearing hat of a from man window limousine. leaning and is girl A a	A girl and a man wearing a colored hat is leaning from the window of a limousine.
air. sweater in dog jump encourages woman blue the The the to the in	The woman in the blue sweater encourages the dog to jump in the air.
a little are mess. Two and eating making girls	Two little girls are eating and making a mess.
while eat red A on bench watches. to a sits another person	A person sits on a red bench to eat while another watches.
shorts jumping swim young in ocean. man the wave in a over A is	A young man in swim shorts is jumping over a wave in the ocean.
women in thin dresses. colorful Three	Three thin women in colorful dresses.
in Black dog carrying running mouth. bucket white and red	Black and white dog running carrying red bucket in mouth.
is by the in seashore. standing A jeans girl little	A little girl in jeans is standing by the seashore.
jumping is his red man Rockstar shirt bike in for Energy over a a Drink. A sign	A man in a red shirt is jumping his bike over a sign for Rockstar Energy Drink.
is red The the the dog at ball. parrot looking behind green	The dog behind the red parrot is looking at the green ball.
the ball the carrying the field runs ref. front football in man A on of	A man runs on the football field carrying the ball in front of the ref.
are Three people chairs. vibrating enjoying massage	Three people are enjoying vibrating massage chairs.
field A a large the rain. runs in dog through	A large dog runs through a field in the rain.
wrestlers ring. the in sumo Two	Two sumo wrestlers in the ring.
cows both dog Two of nearby past races them. while a stand	Two cows stand nearby while a dog races past both of them.
of roof be couple thatch group the ground of in tilling of A huts. appear people to a from	A group of people appear to be tilling the ground in from of a couple of thatch roof huts.
tool box down Man is carrying the sidewalk. a	Man is carrying a tool box down the sidewalk.
slide. a and a man A going child water down	A man and a child going down a water slide.
stands Man in in hat furry snow	Man in furry hat stands in snow
using child paints colors different A brushes. with	A child paints with different colors using brushes.
tutu. pink young A a wearing girl	A young girl wearing a pink tutu.
People a animal costumes entertain in crowd.	People in animal costumes entertain a crowd.
horse. rides rubber a young girl a	a young girl rides a rubber horse.
attempts dog between A steps. to two gray squeeze	A dog attempts to squeeze between two gray steps.
in playing water. green Three dogs the	Three dogs playing in the green water.
jumping trampoline Three males on a outside. are	Three males are jumping on a trampoline outside.
the green woman outfit tennis A a ball. in young dark serves	A young woman in a dark green tennis outfit serves the ball.
front player just soccer the goal caught the of ball A in	A soccer player just caught the ball in front of the goal
big rides A a dark surfer green water. wave across	A surfer rides a big wave across dark green water.
his Axe. an A helmet wearing climber mountain orange swings	A mountain climber wearing an orange helmet swings his Axe.
boy boat. riding green A a in young	A young boy riding in a green boat.
as walk Two camera. the a path the sun people on towards casts a shadow	Two people walk on a path as the sun casts a shadow towards the camera.
Two a are wooden front family another of standing a by in girls barn.	Two girls are standing by a another family in front of a wooden barn.
it. bite to through grass is the a is about dog dog leafy white walking while brown A	A white dog is walking through the leafy grass while a brown dog is about to bite it.
station. on with at the subway is train lights A	A subway train with lights on is at the station.
the poses woman glasses A for men. camera with wearing three	A woman wearing glasses poses for the camera with three men.
with field. Dog a in up standing large 1 foot	Dog standing with 1 foot up in a large field.
a performing are tournament. Two karate at people	Two people are performing karate at a tournament.
Three indoors. children smiling running	Three smiling children running indoors.
dog with small, bat. long-haired playing is blue A a	A long-haired dog is playing with a small, blue bat.
another on little jumps the boy The boy over little trampoline.	The little boy jumps over another little boy on the trampoline.
little play girl teenage pink on and A girl toy.	A teenage girl and little girl play on pink toy.
tub into filled and Three squeeze plastic play. children a water with	Three children squeeze into a plastic tub filled with water and play.
of an an Asian smiling are Asian a girl crowd and boy people. in	an Asian boy and an Asian girl are smiling in a crowd of people.
fountain. children away woman in a from is two looking small playing a	a woman is looking away from two small children playing in a fountain.
head no and in shirt with runs a A robot race. man a	A man with no shirt and a robot head runs in a race.
a pair in while mid hopscotch. jump playing of Closeup of feet	Closeup of a pair of feet in mid jump while playing hopscotch.
river. with line the into out lone fisherman one his cast	one lone fisherman with his line cast out into the river.
blonde wearing standing water. is red puppy the in A collar a	A blonde puppy wearing a red collar is standing in the water.
red a hand out girl dressed in walking. holds dress adults while dot A polka an	A girl dressed in a red polka dot dress holds an adults hand while out walking.
on the is doing A a hand-stand beach. kid	A kid is doing a hand-stand on the beach.
Two at girls park. a play	Two girls play at a park.
young football huddled A flag are together. team	A young flag football team are huddled together.
player football A running ball. with the is	A football player is running with the ball.
the of top water. man glides on A	A man glides on top of the water.
A man backs tattoos head stands camera. tan the face turned a man with on bald with his to in with a	A bald man with tattoos on his head a face stands with a man in tan with backs turned to the camera.
white Black jumps ball. dog for	Black dog jumps for white ball.
their dog back outside, A wind. runs ears blown the little in white	A little white dog runs outside, their ears blown back in the wind.
the A throws ball. pitcher	A pitcher throws the ball.
the jump green in orange young in outfits air. matching girls twin Two and	Two young twin girls in matching green and orange outfits jump in the air.
head play dog and with white on antlers dog brown together a A its fake outdoors.	A white dog with fake antlers on its head and a brown dog play together outdoors.
flowers two woman holding one and bench on a men	one woman holding flowers and two men on a bench
is A clothing. child in colorful, native	A child is in colorful, native clothing.
A to through enter child a attempts door. the house doggy	A child attempts to enter a house through the doggy door.
guys paintball. in play A black of bunch	A bunch of guys in black play paintball.
blue man a hitting jersey A white and man is and in during a a red jersey field game. white a in hockey	A man in a red and white jersey is hitting a man in a blue and white jersey during a field hockey game.
climbing beside waterfall. Three small people clothes in a matching rock	Three people rock climbing in matching clothes beside a small waterfall.
a sits broken behind a while couch sits A them. man table	A couch sits broken while a man sits a table behind them.
the A woman tools. archeologist dirt with in kneels paleontologist	A woman kneels in the dirt with paleontologist archeologist tools.
is on Balck close beach, sand to running dog clean very surf.	Balck dog is running on clean sand beach, very close to surf.
of people a beautiful A flying group range. colorful snow-capped near are kites mountain	A group of people are flying colorful kites near a beautiful snow-capped mountain range.
a grinds skateboarder a curb.	a skateboarder grinds a curb.
frozen children pond on are hockey Two playing a	Two children are playing hockey on a frozen pond
climbers snowy Two mountain a atop peak. stand	Two mountain climbers stand atop a snowy peak.
an at A of crowd people event outdoor	A crowd of people at an outdoor event
the mask looks wearing person A to clown right. a	A person wearing a clown mask looks to the right.
jacket in baby life a A raft. a on	A baby in a life jacket on a raft.
chases dog dog. another a	a dog chases another dog.
on cushions. a Man with two forehead hand behind in shirt blue	Man in a blue shirt with hand on forehead behind two cushions.
grappling. are Two on women rollerskates	Two women on rollerskates are grappling.
plays the large A yellow in grass. with a stick dog	A yellow dog plays with a large stick in the grass.
looked child white the flowers. The young toward up	The young child looked up toward the white flowers.
low brown cut A is field. dog a across tattered chasing ball a soccer	A brown dog is chasing a tattered soccer ball across a low cut field.
A an shirt crowd. clown in a orange entertains	A clown in an orange shirt entertains a crowd.
men taking the Two of picture with of phone one a the together men	Two men taking a picture together with the phone of one of the men
a and a broom. red chasing A wearing collar is dog biting on brown	A brown dog wearing a collar is chasing and biting on a red broom.
has dreadlocks. man sweatshirt read the hair in his The in	The man in the read sweatshirt has his hair in dreadlocks.
red football. boy The with in jersey the runs the	The boy in the red jersey runs with the football.
bright girls boots Two are green a in and woman together.	Two girls in bright green boots and a woman are together.
together. Two on leashes get dogs close	Two dogs on leashes get close together.
little swings backyard. girl the in The	The little girl swings in the backyard.
blue Man sky. the clear into young boy raising	Man raising young boy into the clear blue sky.
over bag. girl A jumping a red punch	A girl jumping over a red punch bag.
A woman a in sits wheelchair a as pushes man him.	A man sits in a wheelchair as a woman pushes him.
two over hut iced fishing on an men blue lake a setting up ice	two men setting up a blue ice fishing hut on an iced over lake
A to beige little colored dog. sitting is next a child	A little child is sitting next to a beige colored dog.
judge dummy. a and on stand in man truck costume a hangs a red A	A man in a judge costume stand on a red truck and hangs a dummy.
snow-covered above blue snowboarder a midair a in A beneath is sky. ridge	A snowboarder is in midair above a snow-covered ridge beneath a blue sky.
same are field. running way a dogs the in Many	Many dogs are running the same way in a field.
on striped trick in and doing black rock. and blue hat blue Man skateboarding shirt	Man in blue hat and blue and black striped shirt doing skateboarding trick on rock.
pants crowd is in shorts black one perfom. watching one in A shirtless yellow and men, 2	A crowd is watching 2 shirtless men, one in yellow pants and one in black shorts perfom.
BMX a men Three form an during Coca-Cola. arch by race sponsored bike	Three men form an arch during a BMX bike race sponsored by Coca-Cola.
man a snowy on skis A mountain.	A man skis on a snowy mountain.
bottom. the two the top at the stand A at and stairs of couple stands people	A couple stands at the top of the stairs and two people stand at the bottom.
a a A bench sits near beach. on family	A family sits on a bench near a beach.
brown shaking water. dog A off	A brown dog shaking off water.
people dog Three leash. a and a city on to has wait one street a cross	Three people wait to cross a city street and one has a dog on a leash.
water a nearby. wood floor, a crawling laying An on is bottle infant with	An infant is crawling on a wood floor, with a water bottle laying nearby.
dusk, player sidelines. soccer At off the kicks the ball a	At dusk, a soccer player kicks the ball off the sidelines.
ground and standing above dog the dog it. One another on	One dog on the ground and another dog standing above it.
the woman blue the camera, while dark away. shirt in man coat the The faces facing in the is	The woman in the dark coat is facing the camera, while the man in the blue shirt faces away.
in men downsteps walking suits and ties	men in suits and ties walking downsteps
city women scantily-clad on Two sidewalk. a	Two scantily-clad women on a city sidewalk.
boxers fighting. Two are	Two boxers are fighting.
its in carries mouth. a black fluffy A leash dog	A fluffy dog carries a black leash in its mouth.
A ready to dog. gets his throw for man stick a waiting	A man gets ready to throw a stick for his waiting dog.
a green crossing bridge over Some river. people a are	Some people are crossing a green bridge over a river.
inside cars into leaps the giant arena. A the over air and monster crushed truck	A giant monster truck leaps over crushed cars and into the air inside the arena.
stand to on tree a a day. the a whist a stand in the other to four field, photographer people left sunny right of	a photographer stand to the left of a tree in a field, whist four other people stand to the right on a sunny day.
A greyhound running	A running greyhound
into dog jumping water. Small	Small dog jumping into water.
The a is dog hurdle. over leaping	The dog is leaping over a hurdle.
black as from fetching dog it water returns the The contest the win	The black dog win the fetching contest as it returns from the water
on the street, in in A a audience dancer pose backgound. the dancing	A dancer in a dancing pose on the street, audience in the backgound.
peaks stands ice. A of on and person snow the	A person stands on the peaks of snow and ice.
people a rafting down pine river Two near trees.	Two people rafting down a river near pine trees.
the dogs pulling over as a snow sun is A group of sets. sled	A group of dogs is pulling a sled over snow as the sun sets.
hair a on curly dog with runs the sand with A stick. white	A white dog with curly hair runs on the sand with a stick.
for his rocky photo A posing man on a beach.	A man posing for his photo on a rocky beach.
dog A white on is the running and black beach.	A black and white dog is running on the beach.
a woman outside. dress violin plays in A	A woman in a dress plays violin outside.
up to it holding a stick jumps Man while a grab dog	Man holding a stick while a dog jumps up to grab it
child from A a hangs wearing shirt playground the equipment. white	A child wearing a white shirt hangs from the playground equipment.
people on a group gather A balcony. of	A group of people gather on a balcony.
mule a A a inside dirt along with pulling carriage a man path.	A mule pulling a carriage with a man inside along a dirt path.
sitting the and a orange a A rock view and on an the of at the looking are man hills. woman shirt trees in and	A man and a woman in an orange shirt are sitting on a rock and looking at the view of the trees and the hills.
white gray a A bird a dog in field. carries	A white dog carries a gray bird in a field.
brown pole. jumping over A a dog	A brown dog jumping over a pole.
A man necklace is holding flower flag wearing but a shirt pole a without	A man without shirt but wearing a flower necklace is holding a flag pole
The performs of skateboarder spectators. a crowd jump front a in of	The skateboarder performs a jump in front of a crowd of spectators.
dog the snow. St red collar Large through Bernard galloping wearing	Large St Bernard dog wearing red collar galloping through the snow.
a a skateboard rides his A to with boy right. bike	A boy rides a skateboard with a bike to his right.
a the pulling black a rope on in dog green grass	a black dog pulling on a green rope in the grass
in crank boy the turning Young street. a	Young boy turning a crank in the street.
a in hat a jacket A walks and through leather man mall. cowboy	A man in a leather jacket and cowboy hat walks through a mall.
tan dogs are colored roughhousing outdoors. Two	Two tan colored dogs are roughhousing outdoors.
to a next pool. A girl walks	A girl walks next to a pool.
A on bench sits newspaper. a man reading a	A man sits on a bench reading a newspaper.
down crouches picture. to A take a man	A man crouches down to take a picture.
milkshake. large looks girl at a A young excitedly	A young girl looks excitedly at a large milkshake.
while A waterskis pulled. man being	A man waterskis while being pulled.
dried next A to a fluffy waving yellow corn woman husks. shirt in	A woman in a yellow fluffy shirt waving next to dried corn husks.
posing smiling A man girls. with is bald two	A bald man is posing with two smiling girls.
A in the of dogs group snow. stand	A group of dogs stand in the snow.
dress boy down A a a hand walk shirt hand train striped and little in blue a in the in track. girl	A boy in a striped shirt and a little girl in a blue dress walk hand in hand down the train track.
is the a The laughing. hat, shorts, purple and wearing in girl top	The girl in the purple top and shorts, wearing a hat, is laughing.
a girl hitting determined volleyball is a	a determined girl is hitting a volleyball
in draw boys sand the sticks. with The	The boys draw in the sand with sticks.
together. two people build	two people build together.
a A is a Frisbee dog watching catch man in midair.	A man is watching a dog catch a Frisbee in midair.
a skateboard. on man midair A in	A man in midair on a skateboard.
water A the while another at dog follows. beach black across a runs	A black dog runs across the water at a beach while another follows.
choppy The brown large dog in the stands water.	The large brown dog stands in the choppy water.
near A skateboarder doing apartment jump buildings. some a	A skateboarder doing a jump near some apartment buildings.
dog catching A a ball	A dog catching a ball
surrounded is the while in bubbles by bathtub. child The	The child is surrounded by bubbles while in the bathtub.
red a the in surf black stands rubber ball. holding A dog	A black dog stands in the surf holding a red rubber ball.
in walking eastern a middle market. Men	Men walking in a middle eastern market.
carrying soccer ball. a boy A	A boy carrying a soccer ball.
a on four children lay tube.	four children lay on a tube.
volleyball Girl beach net climbs at	Girl climbs volleyball net at beach
be snow. outdoors howling, appear the These dogs in to	These dogs appear to be howling, outdoors in the snow.
A singing air kids putting hands group of and their the in	A group of kids singing and putting their hands in the air
paint mud her on shirtless A body. and woman face her on with	A shirtless woman with paint on her face and mud on her body.
ball. next to and A black dog brown colourful a laying	A brown and black dog laying next to a colourful ball.
Women pose the camera. tops skirts is small for and	Women is small tops and skirts pose for the camera.
on two store men A in bicycle bike. are a where a woman working	A woman in a bicycle store where two men are working on a bike.
soccer team other A blue yellow jumping players is player two players on while team run alongside.	A yellow team soccer player is jumping on two blue team players while other players run alongside.
sing. and people instruments A play group of	A group of people play instruments and sing.
the A a number blue number in 13 ball. boy a 23 basketball and jump basketball uniform, uniform, boy white for in a	A boy in a blue basketball uniform, number 13 and a boy in a white basketball uniform, number 23 jump for the ball.
a flag of playing boys football. Two game	Two boys playing a game of flag football.
dog black two sand. followed is dogs over by A brown	A black dog is followed by two brown dogs over sand.
two boys and sand Two playing the and water the seashore. in are dogs at	Two boys and two dogs are playing in the sand and water at the seashore.
down walks black a A dog ramp.	A dog walks down a black ramp.
fallen water. is stream that log of a outstretched slowly a dog is crossing over black A	A black dog is slowly crossing a fallen log that is outstretched over a stream of water.
stadium. are cricket in The a men playing two	The two men are playing cricket in a stadium.
a toy along its grass runs carrying dog the in A green mouth. black	A black dog runs along the green grass carrying a toy in its mouth.
a watch climb on German Shephard Onlookers an obstacle course. steps	Onlookers watch a German Shephard climb steps on an obstacle course.
A eating cake is aqua-colored messily. baby very	A baby is eating aqua-colored cake very messily.
a busy one faces as a they Three girls takes stand make in while street. drink	Three girls make faces as one takes a drink while they stand in a busy street.
with plays animal. A stuffed a dog	A dog plays with a stuffed animal.
background. green A wearing only young with shorts poses awkwardly brick boy a	A young boy wearing only green shorts poses awkwardly with a brick background.
A is beginning run. his snowboarder	A snowboarder is beginning his run.
path. with backpack orange a an a is man cliffside standing on	a man with an orange backpack is standing on a cliffside path.
the staircase. children sitting on a top are of Three	Three children are sitting on the top of a staircase.
on swing. A a boy in blonde is green	A blonde boy in green is on a swing.
are standing mountain. a Three on	Three are standing on a mountain.
girl little dog to next on red bike. The the with ground laying the is the	The dog is laying on the ground next to the little girl with the red bike.
a dog field. catch in a A to jumps ball grassy	A dog jumps to catch a ball in a grassy field.
walking red girl The a with across is the coat grass.	The girl with a red coat is walking across the grass.
in Collie dog sand. digs	Collie dog digs in sand.
route. looks traversing rock climber while A up a	A rock climber looks up while traversing a route.
in exercises Girl blurry purple background. with	Girl in purple exercises with blurry background.
dog a bar in horizontal feild. black grassy a A jumps	A black dog jumps a horizontal bar in a grassy feild.
the grass. in dogs Three wrestle	Three dogs wrestle in the grass.
a yellow jacket, ducks. in little display camouflage many at rubber boy, of A a looks	A little boy, in a camouflage jacket, looks at a display of many yellow rubber ducks.
grass. spaniels the Two cocker running through	Two cocker spaniels running through the grass.
whilst coaster a yelling roller A child on is	A child is yelling whilst on a roller coaster
a dog the background. in with A park a at running bench park,	A dog running at a park, with a park bench in the background.
Boy playground in shirt in yellow yellow sitting slide	Boy in yellow shirt sitting in yellow playground slide
facing The is is while the carrying man camera, backpack the away. turned woman a	The woman carrying a backpack is facing the camera, while the man is turned away.
on standing A and road in of woman jeans front a black white a and bus. jacket in red the	A woman in jeans and a black jacket standing on the road in front of a white and red bus.
team and on dogs, of a woman bike. A a following	A team of dogs, and a woman following on a bike.
young dress. white dressed a is a picture bike, wearing of and young suits This men, lady on a in one of with a three	This is a picture of three young men, dressed in suits with one on a bike, and of a young lady wearing a white dress.
A bike his truck on beach. a doing on a guy rocky	A guy on his bike doing a truck on a rocky beach.
York New during bat to game. baseball from a waiting player A	A baseball player from New York waiting to bat during a game.
no holding a shorts black on in shirt flies little to down and he handles rope. is as A boy	A little boy in black shorts and no shirt is holding on to handles as he flies down a rope.
snow. snowboarding railing down is the in a A man	A man is snowboarding down a railing in the snow.
store. walking The in are shoppers a	The shoppers are walking in a store.
firefighters a building. smoke fire coming and from duck Three from	Three firefighters duck from fire and smoke coming from a building.
in with in yellow black Skateboarder skateboard midair.	Skateboarder in black with yellow skateboard in midair.
light boy brick a young across jacket walks A wearing the blue patio.	A young boy wearing a light blue jacket walks across the brick patio.
near photo for and waterfall. a a pose Man Boy	Man and Boy pose for a photo near a waterfall.
a A wall. girl rope climbing	A girl climbing a rope wall.
boy on little the white wearing A jumps bed.	A little boy wearing white jumps on the bed.
train. lady, asleep a on young A	A young lady, asleep on a train.
its is head a through A is a sticking at looking fence. horse dog brown black that	A brown dog is looking at a black horse that is sticking its head through a fence.
soccer past man kick A ball air, goalie. in parallel the to the trying is the	A man is parallel in the air, trying to kick the soccer ball past the goalie.
players of and stand a group A one on the hockey during official game. ice	A group of hockey players and one official stand on the ice during a game.
grass the through walking both a large are dogs dark stick. Two colored holding	Two dark colored dogs are walking through the grass both holding a large stick.
water. A person scuba in very is clear diving blue	A person is scuba diving in very clear blue water.
a standing girl on is A snowy cliff.	A girl is standing on a snowy cliff.
an in sidewalk his the Man city. walking icy toward on car	Man walking toward his car on an icy sidewalk in the city.
beautiful goes tube. the through girl The young	The beautiful young girl goes through the tube.
a are picture. They posing for	They are posing for a picture.
in cart. Man and child riding go	Man and child riding in go cart.
in parasurfs the ocean A man	A man parasurfs in the ocean
a man ear woman other yellow the in with at A looks of on corn shirt. a arm one in a tattoo an and	A man with a tattoo on one arm and an ear of corn in the other looks at a woman in a yellow shirt.
on along the Two land running water. dogs	Two dogs running on land along the water.
away surface run patch leaving Three from a another dog one dogs of non-grassy behind.	Three dogs run away from a patch of non-grassy surface leaving one another dog behind.
discouraged A coach. looking football	A discouraged looking football coach.
a A skateboarder jump. in green shirt is performing a	A skateboarder in a green shirt is performing a jump.
of in park. front young smiling the a girl is at camera A	A young girl is smiling in front of the camera at a park.
A telephone near pole the person mountains. a hanging from	A person hanging from a telephone pole near the mountains.
flies man past a as the A walks steps. skateboarder over	A man walks past as a skateboarder flies over the steps.
in the clouds sky. air blue with A hang high in few a the glider	A hang glider high in the air with a few clouds in the blue sky.
its has A dog black in a blue toy mouth.	A black dog has a blue toy in its mouth.
between mountains. across A woman driftrood and old walking an bridge rope	A woman walking across an old rope and driftrood bridge between mountains.
group riding of bicycles People on a onlookers. through	People on bicycles riding through a group of onlookers.
as yellow pants man in A further dog walks on a runs sand wet back.	A dog runs on wet sand as a man in yellow pants walks further back.
a shirt tie white the man and woman A plays a a while wearing and in shirt guitar a tie a at white sings into concert. microphone	A man in a white shirt and tie sings into a microphone while a woman wearing a white shirt and tie plays the guitar at a concert.
concrete a top a is A tube. inside in girl little white	A little girl in a white top is inside a concrete tube.
is A trees. jump performing a cyclist some by	A cyclist is performing a jump by some trees.
A group of city street. on the people of a sidewalk	A group of people on the sidewalk of a city street.
a in A woman pink picture. taking	A woman in pink taking a picture.
toy. with baby boy blue a outside plays A	A baby boy plays outside with a blue toy.
the through by road. air A the side the of flies skateboarder	A skateboarder flies through the air by the side of the road.
man cap older an embroidered poses a An ski for picture. wearing Asian	An older Asian man wearing an embroidered ski cap poses for a picture.
the The other a standing soaks surfboard brown large that on has created two by. surfers man the splash	The man on the brown surfboard has created a large splash that soaks the two other surfers standing by.
ball a dog grassy through while A tennis chasing leaps a field.	A dog leaps while chasing a tennis ball through a grassy field.
girl and boy on ball a a a bouncing	a boy and a girl bouncing on a ball
at a fountain boy A water small is playing	A small boy is playing at a water fountain
blurry background. in man glasses A a stands a in with of front suit	A man in a suit with glasses stands in front of a blurry background.
a A trick. bike rider performs	A bike rider performs a trick.
a A beach. doing on back the flip man	A man doing a back flip on the beach.
in a hat cigarette. smokes the The man straw	The man in the straw hat smokes a cigarette.
air a jump. snowboarder a gets off	a snowboarder gets air off a jump.
from cars race coming speed of the a backs track Two smoke them. with along	Two race cars speed along a track with smoke coming from the backs of them.
up arms to air sunglasses and legs side. the his spread the with wearing A man suspenders leaps and out in	A man wearing suspenders and sunglasses leaps up in the air with his arms and legs spread out to the side.
the on A stick. brown dog sand runs a carrying	A brown dog runs on the sand carrying a stick.
running beach ocean. near the brown the A dog on	A brown dog running on the beach near the ocean.
dim men computers room two surrounded by a in several	two men in a dim room surrounded by several computers
obsured falling person of the by water. a the surfs A wave, in curl	A person surfs in the curl of a wave, obsured by the falling water.
girls braiding. The are	The girls are braiding.
with plays ball a dog beach. the at A	A dog plays with a ball at the beach.
A on a guy swing flying rope swimming a lake. trunks in above	A guy in swimming trunks flying on a rope swing above a lake.
young jacket a girl a pink in jacket are and stairs. a boy in young climbing red A	A young boy in a red jacket and a young girl in a pink jacket are climbing stairs.
the boy A carries a boogieboard on beach.	A boy carries a boogieboard on the beach.
dogs are jumping. The two	The two dogs are jumping.
a balls. black and after jumping pool dog A white tennis into	A black and white dog jumping into a pool after tennis balls.
jumps in man forest. sunny shirtless A a	A shirtless man jumps in a sunny forest.
blue girl swimsuit handrail in beach. standing near a on a Little	Little girl in blue swimsuit standing on a handrail near a beach.
carrying on beach. her Woman a shoes	Woman carrying her shoes on a beach.
costumes the and march People headresses streets. colorful wearing through	People wearing colorful costumes and headresses march through the streets.
and while woman brick walking wear coats Man down fur road.	Man and woman wear fur coats while walking down brick road.
to white men in swing at a wait Three ball.	Three men in white wait to swing at a ball.
in rock blue man A climbing.	A man in blue rock climbing.
tackling Sooners player. player A football is an opposing	A Sooners football player is tackling an opposing player.
dogs toy. Two has colored white a run along a field one blue light and	Two white dogs run along a light colored field and one has a blue toy.
is shoes front A dancing dance white in black and in music of girl equipment outfit young a	A young girl in a white dance outfit and black shoes is dancing in front of music equipment
with Brown bushes. and in ball mouth, in tennis water dog	Brown dog with tennis ball in mouth, in water and bushes.
standing one black, young and other. with arms around their each white are one Two boys,	Two young boys, one white and one black, are standing with their arms around each other.
walking across A of pink dresses, in women a group street.	A group of women in pink dresses, walking across a street.
adopted happily breed medium bounds recently mixed yard. sized dog the A around	A recently adopted mixed breed medium sized dog bounds happily around the yard.
clothing in A in brown kneels dog woman and winter snow. next the to white small a	A woman in winter clothing kneels next to a small brown and white dog in the snow.
Baby with glasses his mouth. in dads his	Baby with his dads glasses in his mouth.
a woman A sunglasses. yellow wearing on outside a and street shirt	A woman outside on a street wearing a yellow shirt and sunglasses.
the a a skateboard People boy top of watching skate at are a ramp. on	People are watching a boy on a skateboard at the top of a skate ramp.
dogs Two each facing other. a in field,	Two dogs in a field, facing each other.
A a coach watches being football made. play	A football coach watches a play being made.
green a a yellow and black with basketball. on top four boys	four boys on a black top with a green and yellow basketball.
Three men women talking. two and	Three men and two women talking.
on black beach. A rocky a dog	A black dog on a rocky beach.
sits rail. in a white scarf woman and out looks maroon A a over	A woman in a maroon scarf sits and looks out over a white rail.
a older An boat. man rows	An older man rows a boat.
ball. of white a a out jumps water catch the dog to	a white dog jumps out of the water to catch a ball.
A looks wearing icy sidewalk. bald man jacket at a	A bald man wearing a jacket looks at icy sidewalk.
an A orange bike. man on	A man on an orange bike.
There in river fly is man with trees a a fishing behind him.	There is a man fly fishing in a river with trees behind him.
little with a plays a plane. girl	a little girl plays with a plane.
to to a One man the boat another man shore. child passes from	One man passes a child to another man from the boat to shore.
girl young picks nose. her A	A young girl picks her nose.
fetch a parachute bed group a to run people two of underneath up soccer holding A like while sheet a people ball.	A group of people holding up a bed sheet like a parachute while two people run underneath to fetch a soccer ball.
cut pretty ladies off low dresses backs of Two their the show	Two pretty ladies show off the low cut backs of their dresses
mouth. a and is white tennis ball its in The tan with running dog outside	The tan and white dog is running outside with a tennis ball in its mouth.
stands in looking a field of unamused. lady tulips A	A lady stands in a field of tulips looking unamused.
in a man snuggles sunglasses. A with dog	A dog snuggles with a man in sunglasses.
ball. chasing in white A spots dog a is with running yard, brown a	A white dog with brown spots is running in a yard, chasing a ball.
a men athletic climbing Two waterfall.	Two athletic men climbing a waterfall.
light sword. with his The Wars is man playing Star	The man is playing with his Star Wars light sword.
school past high stands him. coach a running of haired white A boys in group age front of	A white haired coach stands in front of a group of high school age boys running past him.
a dog is through shallow A stream trotting	A dog is trotting through a shallow stream
a down, dogs, lying in one Two yard. play	Two dogs, one lying down, play in a yard.
with down children running of grassy a a dog hill. a group	a group of children running with a dog down a grassy hill.
spots nibbling is hand. brown the girls with dog white The light on	The light brown dog with white spots is nibbling on the girls hand.
child a A is field. laying a a branch on tree blond in green of	A blond child is laying on a branch of a tree in a green field.
A with up. man on phone his the feet talks	A man talks on the phone with his feet up.
play in middle street. the the Kids water in of the	Kids play in the water in the middle of the street.
A pushing truck. person safety a in vest a	A person in a safety vest pushing a truck.
a boy is water. with standing A getting splashed in pool	A boy is standing in a pool getting splashed with water.
white running other. Two each dogs with	Two white dogs running with each other.
toy a The red and has microphone. child guitar small	The child has a small red guitar and toy microphone.
ball a white tennis puppy A yellow holds its mouth. in	A white puppy holds a yellow tennis ball in its mouth.
in air the dog jumping A brown	A brown dog jumping in the air
shovel. in flowered a sitting A is little boy on shorts red	A little boy in red flowered shorts is sitting on a shovel.
of hair bright a crowd embracing A others. couple near with	A couple with bright hair embracing near a crowd of others.
in a several dog leading is A dogs a race other muzzle with	A dog with a muzzle is leading several other dogs in a race
folded women, look one with Two arms, screen. young off	Two young women, one with folded arms, look off screen.
Little chases ball farm at dog	Little dog chases ball at farm
Skiers slope. up walking the	Skiers walking up the slope.
pool. up while reaches in Boy	Boy reaches up while in pool.
mouth. in something deep with The wades snow dog its through	The dog wades through deep snow with something in its mouth.
A listens to group uniforms students attentively front of of class. the in the	A group of students in uniforms listens attentively to the front of the class.
Boy the swing. playing on	Boy playing on the swing.
A an sheltered with is umbrella. jogger being	A jogger is being sheltered with an umbrella.
cream grasslands. a colored run and dog dog through A tan	A tan dog and a cream colored dog run through grasslands.
mouth. a in running its camera with Dog towards ball	Dog running towards camera with a ball in its mouth.
park. small walking a Four dogs on in leashes	Four small dogs on leashes walking in a park.
up hill. sled of group A dogs person a a pull on a dog	A group of dogs pull a person on a dog sled up a hill.
sandy bucket a carries a green young overhead. on cloudy with a sky boy beach A	A young boy carries a green bucket on a sandy beach with a cloudy sky overhead.
swing swinging a is into rope man a off a lake. There	There is a man swinging off a rope swing into a lake.
a for posing picture people Four	Four people posing for a picture
fingers chocolate with up in pudding baby nose, covered A its two	A baby with two fingers up its nose, covered in chocolate pudding
races the dirt. A greyhound on	A greyhound races on the dirt.
of together. walk group A students	A group of students walk together.
running in pack of black grass. A dogs	A pack of black dogs running in grass.
subway. sitting A on a man	A man sitting on a subway.
of the There top. are with in a front squares of colorful building from people hanging lot a tan	There are a lot of people in front of a tan building with colorful squares hanging from the top.
children ball with Two play a on the floor.	Two children play with a ball on the floor.
rides person a A motorcycle quickly.	A person rides a motorcycle quickly.
wearing A an coat the snow. walk man to another in they as orange speaks	A man wearing an orange coat speaks to another as they walk in the snow.
snow showing dog is his and in the teeth. A looking mean	A mean looking dog is in the snow and showing his teeth.
acrobatic leap young man into the The takes water. an	The young man takes an acrobatic leap into the water.
into a grey in a man sliding a base uniform	a man in a grey uniform sliding into a base
stunt. A skateboarder doing a is	A skateboarder is doing a stunt.
grassy field. in ball dog with a A a	A dog with a ball in a grassy field.
soccer. Two play little in uniforms boys	Two little boys in uniforms play soccer.
woods. tree young stump sits the in girl a on A	A young girl sits on a tree stump in the woods.
in the in dribbling the ball player black. The is player basketball towards white	The basketball player in white is dribbling the ball towards the player in black.
group playing street soccer. boys of A	A group of boys playing street soccer.
him. circled cats man down and the kneeled The	The man kneeled down and the cats circled him.
clothes in park. summer play on a Children a in turnaround sun-dappled	Children in summer clothes play on a turnaround in a sun-dappled park.
outside. running and Black white dog	Black and white dog running outside.
little swings very a A tire swing. child on	A very little child swings on a tire swing.
with dog follows another dog the a through A stick water.	A dog with a stick follows another dog through the water.
mouth brown and A in eyes with on white big a hardwood dishtowel a floor. his dog brown with	A brown and white dog with big brown eyes with a dishtowel in his mouth on a hardwood floor.
tree-lined nearby rock person surface A a high areas. the of along tops dances	A person dances along a high rock surface nearby the tops of tree-lined areas.
table. at a food Three children eating	Three children eating food at a table.
a dog A black through toy. snow runs carrying blue the	A black dog runs through the snow carrying a blue toy.
dance musicians the street to The girls	The girls dance to the street musicians
down two a walk indian women road.	two indian women walk down a road.
A wave. a going down surfboarder	A surfboarder going down a wave.
girls each other. standing grass face Two on	Two girls standing on grass face each other.
with helmet wearing and A a yellow black his walks man yellow bike.	A man wearing a yellow and black helmet walks with his yellow bike.
on laughing. sitting bed girls up Two dressed and are a	Two girls are dressed up and sitting on a bed laughing.
another her look an little girl little with back girl on standing One object. piggybacking at	One little girl standing with another little girl piggybacking on her back look at an object.
the Two dry dogs sand. themselves on shaking	Two dogs shaking themselves dry on the sand.
seaweed along and and sand. white A runs the black dog spotted	A black and white spotted dog runs along the seaweed and sand.
a is dog A brown dark chewing stick. on	A dark brown dog is chewing on a stick.
to each attention paying Two other. dogs	Two dogs paying attention to each other.
standing group A car of dogs by a	A group of dogs standing by a car
compete. teams soccer Two	Two soccer teams compete.
in A wood a on flooring. cat air piece standing nearby of carpet is in the string interested	A cat standing on carpet is interested in a piece of string in the air nearby wood flooring.
other are hugging each indoors. Two children	Two children are hugging each other indoors.
climbing holds dress of the girl A both frame. wearing a to rails on	A girl wearing a dress holds on to both rails of the climbing frame.
a each wrestling dogs, playing two other in field, with	two dogs, playing in a field, wrestling with each other
dances child young on surface. A straw a	A young child dances on a straw surface.
dog boy him. top behind a and is at is blue the A slide of little a	A dog is at the top of a blue slide and a little boy is behind him.
dog climbing A the is white in snow. stairs and black	A black and white dog is climbing stairs in the snow.
man subway. is a asleep bench the in on A	A man is asleep on a bench in the subway.
walking the ocean into A surfer	A surfer walking into the ocean
helmet football a holding gold A runs player a wearing football.	A football player wearing a gold helmet runs holding a football.
young an Two ATV. girls drive	Two young girls drive an ATV.
with multiple colorful girl A hula little hoops. hoops	A little girl hula hoops with multiple colorful hoops.
dog black and brush-land. are in foraging A brown dog some	A brown dog and black dog are foraging in some brush-land.
a girl the The pink watching fish in river. catch is boy from the	The girl in pink is watching the boy catch a fish from the river.
white in black light holding Man and a up dressed brown saber. and	Man dressed up in black and brown and holding a white light saber.
man. dressed pink a in hair with A woman black to talks	A woman with pink hair dressed in black talks to a man.
face. person's a front holding microphone of in a man A	A man holding a microphone in front of a person's face.
down bridge. A a skateboard jumps	A skateboard jumps down a bridge.
in child outfit pink a a a young falling puddle. snow into	a young child in a pink snow outfit falling into a puddle.
his a a course shiny with tags stride dog of dog changes	a dog with a shiny dog tags changes course of his stride
a A picture. a on painting woman standing lawn	A woman standing on a lawn painting a picture.
kiddie in shirt boy wearing A small pool. plays a blue the	A small boy wearing a blue shirt plays in the kiddie pool.
pink rides A rodeo. a horse wears woman in shirt a in a	A woman in a pink shirt wears rides a horse in a rodeo.
rug window. rests a German pointer by on A short-haired sunny a	A German short-haired pointer rests on a rug by a sunny window.
flies as their Watching out. hair long from child behind a	Watching a child from behind as their long hair flies out.
red white pole and while on looks over boy jumps Dog	Dog jumps over red and white pole while boy looks on
bushes. a large, over A black fence surrounded is wooden climbing dog by	A large, black dog is climbing over a wooden fence surrounded by bushes.
and Two sparklers. glow with are playing men sticks	Two men are playing with glow sticks and sparklers.
race first is A dog for running	A race dog is running for first
person sitting holding of their picture a in on bench and face. A front a	A person sitting on a bench and holding a picture in front of their face.
man humping showing bear. a A t-shirt a a wears baby stuffed	A man wears a t-shirt showing a baby humping a stuffed bear.
in a wetsuit One man wave. surfing a	One man in a wetsuit surfing a wave.
catches with a disk a a in A yard tree. flying dog	A dog catches a flying disk in a yard with a tree.
catching Frisbee is white and a dog a black	a black and white dog is catching a Frisbee
the White flapping wings in its water. duck	White duck flapping its wings in the water.
white field. capes wearing in path a are children out through running a Two cleared	Two children wearing white capes are running through a cleared out path in a field.
shopping A holding guy a a cart. sign, with	A guy holding a sign, with a shopping cart.
playing is red a A with uniform a man his in white shot. in backset man a uniform ball blocking	A man in a red uniform is playing backset ball with a man in a white uniform blocking his shot.
a boy picnic. is out Little of glass a drinking at	Little boy is drinking out of a glass at a picnic.
on grass dog A running	A dog running on grass
ground. onto skateboarder is turning holding The around the while	The skateboarder is turning around while holding onto the ground.
painting jumps sidewalk in on front jukebox red Girl in of skirt	Girl in red skirt jumps on sidewalk in front of jukebox painting
woman cones. rollerblading A green around	A woman rollerblading around green cones.
at to a in displayed standing with suitcase on what down A it. front top while him bends man of street a of on look is man another	A man standing on a street with a suitcase in front of him while another man bends down to look at what is displayed on top of it.
their of women faces sharing a a blurred drink two taking photo	two women sharing a drink taking a blurred photo of their faces
around. playing Kids	Kids playing around.
is playing A girl pit small in a ball	A small girl is playing in a ball pit
in a computer, seating A person and area. five people the at	A person at a computer, and five people in the seating area.
doorway wooden a in are apartment. floored of laying white Two dogs the	Two white dogs are laying in the doorway of a wooden floored apartment.
a A looking applies costumes in while mirror. woman makeup	A costumes woman applies makeup while looking in a mirror.
a skate at rock skateboarder is flannel wearing blue on a A skating park.	A skateboarder wearing blue flannel is skating on a rock at a skate park.
a dirt stands the sunset. in biker	a dirt biker stands in the sunset.
woman makes dress awkward an hand A a sign. wearing young	A young woman wearing a dress makes an awkward hand sign.
a dog the across runs snow.	a dog runs across the snow.
in man pants A cliff water. blue over a off repels	A man in blue pants repels off a cliff over water.
yellow a over flaming is A jumping dog hurdle.	A yellow dog is jumping over a flaming hurdle.
downhill and walk on beach. hands as jumping Two girls holding they	Two girls holding hands and jumping as they walk downhill on beach.
basett for falling hound biscut. A a runs	A basett hound runs for a falling biscut.
The standing are a fence. children and three by on	The three children are standing on and by a fence.
in near two surfboard green boy a other on water. is A the surfing people	A boy is surfing on a green surfboard near two other people in the water.
are next dog nose Two stands to nose to while a dogs third them.	Two dogs are nose to nose while a third dog stands next to them.
a peeking top A the blue playpen. is baby of over	A baby is peeking over the top of a blue playpen.
group people A clothing vehicle. a wearing large riding of single similar	A large group of people wearing similar clothing riding a single vehicle.
A a a building. woman sitting man on are bench outside wooden and a	A man and a woman are sitting on a bench outside a wooden building.
wall. a skates man down side the young of A colorful	A young man skates down the side of a colorful wall.
the water. cliff other a black boy One while shorts orange water, boy standing over off on rock in into jumps in shorts the	One boy in orange shorts standing on a rock cliff over water, while the other boy in black shorts jumps off into the water.
A to is tennis attempt girl hit young about to a ball.	A young girl is about to attempt to hit a tennis ball.
is guitar. a red boy playing young A	A young boy is playing a red guitar.
his is green a in scarf bearing man A teeth.	A man in a green scarf is bearing his teeth.
the A in beauty a under by walks man storefront a haired white dark sign for parlor.	A dark haired man in white walks by a storefront under the sign for a beauty parlor.
child's they holds as man walk. hand A a	A man holds a child's hand as they walk.
boat in floats blue clear, swimming A someone water. near	A boat floats near someone swimming in clear, blue water.
the jeans. and the white of the with face girl see T-shirt We cannot blue	We cannot see the face of the girl with the white T-shirt and blue jeans.
toward Several a goal. to next players puck hockey the move	Several hockey players move toward the puck next to a goal.
and play a the corgi on a A white ball and corgi doberman, black, white with blue brown and brown a black grass.	A black doberman, a brown and white corgi and a black, brown and white corgi play with a blue ball on the grass.
tree. climb Children a	Children climb a tree.
a dragster is trail him. huge A smoke taking off behind and of leaving	A dragster is taking off and leaving a huge trail of smoke behind him.
lap. sits Santa's girl smiles black in a dress A as little she on	A little girl in a black dress smiles as she sits on Santa's lap.
in boxers fist little wearing up a front A and brick standing of a is holding boy wall.	A little boy wearing boxers is holding a fist up and standing in front of a brick wall.
snow. Dog running through the	Dog running through the snow.
from metal down bar. a A upside boy hangs	A boy hangs upside down from a metal bar.
with girl a rope a to bull a catch horse on a trying	a girl on a horse trying to catch a bull with a rope
snowy luggage cave a of full	a snowy cave full of luggage
building sits has large black out smoke blue front. fire and billowing a in engine A	A large blue building has black smoke billowing out and a fire engine sits in front.
camera man A faces saying with " and shirt a the a Mohawk " -ependent	A man with a Mohawk and a shirt saying " -ependent " faces the camera
trying stool a black on A in sell man sits while to shirt stuffed animals.	A man in black shirt sits on a stool while trying to sell stuffed animals.
woman with shirt golf. a and shorts A hat plays khaki wearing blue	A woman wearing a blue shirt and hat with khaki shorts plays golf.
dress a to in purple white standing is bouquet her A groom. bride whilst holding a next	A bride in a white dress is holding a purple bouquet whilst standing next to her groom.
the goal towards ball soccer kicks 13 during children's soccer a Number game.	Number 13 kicks a soccer ball towards the goal during children's soccer game.
open. green Black grass on mouth dog with running	Black dog running on green grass with mouth open.
a wave. a huge surfs surfer	a surfer surfs a huge wave.
mouth stick in a dogs with two brown one its	two brown dogs one with a stick in its mouth
in helmet path rides through blue dirt attire and workout Woman	Woman in blue workout attire and helmet rides through dirt path
dog runs A at flight taking birds	A dog runs at birds taking flight
dog wrestle a a the black water. brindle dry A and grass body in beside dog of	A black dog and a brindle dog wrestle in the dry grass beside a body of water.
Two walk along road. young a women dirt	Two young women walk along a dirt road.
at couple with A speak their newlywed wedding. guests	A newlywed couple speak with guests at their wedding.
and the player him. purple stop leg white The player's to try red is grabbing and football	The red football player is grabbing the purple and white player's leg to try and stop him.
A glasses looking small and at hat a is boy smiling. and something wearing	A small boy wearing glasses and a hat is looking at something and smiling.
children swing other children. with park on Two one at a	Two children on one swing at a park with other children.
stand a at night. wall graffiti in Some covered by adults art	Some adults stand by a wall covered in art graffiti at night.
snowboarder a air through jumps the snowy A on hill.	A snowboarder jumps through the air on a snowy hill.
fighting black orange an Two toy. dogs over	Two black dogs fighting over an orange toy.
the boys inside. seal Two a of touching aquarium with an glass are	Two boys are touching the glass of an aquarium with a seal inside.
person with A ice picks. climbing two red blue in and	A person in blue and red ice climbing with two picks.
red outside brick cart, bike, miscellaneous. building grocery a with at A a man a and	A man outside at a red brick building with a grocery cart, a bike, and miscellaneous.
crowd a the road people on Several down going truck	Several people crowd on a truck going down the road
a skateboard on his grinding is curb A with skateboard.	A skateboard is grinding on a curb with his skateboard.
in air. cheerleaders cheerleader are the male catching a Two girl	Two male cheerleaders are catching a girl cheerleader in the air.
mall city a people and gathered Cars area. in	Cars and people gathered in a city mall area.
picnic people Two a a lake. having by	Two people having a picnic by a lake.
has one Two are them of men indoors, headphones. sitting	Two men are sitting indoors, one of them has headphones.
dancer performance. spins onlookers break as head A his on outside the watch	A break dancer spins on his head outside as onlookers watch the performance.
purchase up theater. at lining tickets the people are to Four	Four people are lining up to purchase tickets at the theater.
A running. dog black	A black dog running.
bikers on a Dirt trail.	Dirt bikers on a trail.
children through at fence a and water. down Two peek	Two children peek through a fence and down at water.
A in snow the family poses of 7	A family of 7 poses in the snow
woman fabric. her outside face A with covers	A woman outside covers her face with fabric.
midair is person in doing dirt A trick a a of bike jump.	A person is doing a bike trick in midair of a dirt jump.
sits and athelete drinking takes the break a water. An grass in	An athelete takes a break and sits in the grass drinking water.
a holding white wearing This t-shirt cup. a and woman is	This woman is wearing a white t-shirt and holding a cup.
is grass. A over prancing tan dog	A tan dog is prancing over grass.
a dog with grass his tan and a stick through mouth. the in white little running	a little white and tan dog running through the grass with a stick in his mouth.
the toward center bows full in room crowd. worshippers A an of extravagant display the of	A room full of worshippers bows toward an extravagant display in the center of the crowd.
actors the The doors. inside wait	The actors wait inside the doors.
on with the the in the left in right the one the feild fans on white one blue on one the back. uniform in Football a players a a	Football players on a feild the one on the left in a blue uniform the one on the right in a white one with the fans in the back.
on equipments playground a red holds child Little A and in shirt to smiles.	A Little child in a red shirt holds on to playground equipments and smiles.
Woman climbing rock wall. artificial an	Woman climbing an artificial rock wall.
circuit. are around motocross they a bikers ride dirt up as Two throwing	Two motocross bikers are throwing up dirt as they ride around a circuit.
put heads Two grasp together. wrestlers and hands	Two wrestlers grasp hands and put heads together.
bird in yellow grass. beak standing green a with black A	A black bird with a yellow beak standing in green grass.
boy a climbs wall. A rock	A boy climbs a rock wall.
ride at an A the dress lady a fair. in orange rides	A lady in an orange dress rides a ride at the fair.
dog cathing red ball. A the midair in	A dog in midair cathing the red ball.
boy a down upside tire is swing. hanging from A	A boy is hanging upside down from a tire swing.
to cart. men with homeless building a a shopping Two next sitting	Two homeless men sitting next to a building with a shopping cart.
to whilst Frisbee with in over stars yellow a watch. order and in in catch a people outfit man a a blue white dog by A stand leaps blue	A white dog in a blue leaps over a man in a blue outfit with yellow stars in order to catch a Frisbee whilst people stand by and watch.
party. friends alcohol four a of drinking A at group are	A group of four friends are drinking alcohol at a party.
Two with a in small ball. playing field a small dogs	Two small dogs playing in a field with a small ball.
and child Man of holding injured woman eye outside building. with pose	Man with injured eye and woman holding child pose outside of building.
dog field. in large a puddle though a A splashing	A dog splashing though a large puddle in a field.
and A woman bald together. sitting man blonde	A blonde woman and bald man sitting together.
in A on is stunt watch. background performing dirt midair while a man bike a people the	A man is performing a midair stunt on a dirt bike while people in the background watch.
field a playing in a of are and A leaves woman girl	A woman and a girl are playing in a field of leaves
camera for a in in city. the in leather pose man one One stripes and	One man in stripes and one in leather pose for the camera in a city.
tree. a across of fallen walks dog A skinny piece large brown	A skinny brown dog walks across a large piece of fallen tree.
big overlooking young window women are in front a sitting Two of large a city.	Two young women are sitting in front of a large window overlooking a big city.
the railing in is The down steps. of man the skateboarding the middle	The man is skateboarding down the railing in the middle of the steps.
grass. white in fluffy Two green running dogs	Two fluffy white dogs running in green grass.
at their camera. Pleople to a the party, backs	Pleople at a party, their backs to the camera.
items. cart a a A and full shopping of man with dog,	A man and a dog, with a shopping cart full of items.
of the playing dog in a field. water the edge A enjoys at	A dog enjoys playing in the water at the edge of a field.
to bubbles. trying is catch girl holding little a woman is A who	A woman is holding a little girl who is trying to catch bubbles.
at his eats boy the food table. The outside	The boy eats his food outside at the table.
girl The bench. the blue little wooden a on in sitting is dress	The little girl in the blue dress is sitting on a wooden bench.
A wearing the in in beach background. woman the a white, tiara,	A woman in white, wearing a tiara, the beach in the background.
stop town. in bikers three	three bikers stop in town.
tunnel. is man a A through skating	A man is skating through a tunnel.
a on in yard. playing grassy a children swing-set Three	Three children playing on a swing-set in a grassy yard.
dog mountain range. a and man black stand atop a A ashy	A man and a dog stand atop a black ashy mountain range.
on a trick stairs. grey wearing a man skateboard doing is A shirt	A man wearing a grey shirt is doing a skateboard trick on stairs.
with brown young dog snow A a is ground. large walking alongside the and black child on	A young child is walking alongside a large black and brown dog with snow on the ground.
instruments play carry behind. their while small Men a shoulders on others structure	Men carry a small structure on their shoulders while others play instruments behind.
A they mother eat ice as cream. sits with three children	A mother sits with three children as they eat ice cream.
rock climber while another A hangs from face a watches.	A climber hangs from a rock face while another watches.
young small a boy water a in paying pool with	a young boy paying in a small pool with water
the background. sun edge in A setting at the rising or boy of wave the a is standing with	A boy is standing at the edge of a wave with the sun setting or rising in the background.
man A a at looking and ruins. woman	A man and a woman looking at ruins.
white and overcoat walking black in red with her a in behind man hair a woman	a woman in a black overcoat and red hair with man in white walking behind her
tennis her wearing a with tennis red ball about a hit shirt a to racquet. player	a tennis player wearing a red shirt about to hit a tennis ball with her racquet.
men two play basketball.	two men play basketball.
of store outside a A red big near stands a man column. a coat in	A man in a red coat stands outside of a store near a big column.
stand red wheelbarrow. people near a Two	Two people stand near a red wheelbarrow.
her wearing girl blue top a has feet stream. A in the	A girl wearing a blue top has her feet in the stream.
street. in boots little pink down runs girl the A	A little girl in pink boots runs down the street.
in The the boy young sleds the snow. hill down	The young boy sleds down the hill in the snow.
leaping catches and black dog A Frisbee. a green	A leaping dog catches a green and black Frisbee.
beach on a ball dog standing nearby. A a with	A dog standing on a beach with a ball nearby.
on front of children group stage audience performing large a an in of a	a large group of children performing on a stage in front of an audience
some bird flying over sand. A	A bird flying over some sand.
lake. is a in rowing girl A	A girl is rowing in a lake.
Two a tussling in over a its yard, the dogs with toy stuffed a boat carrier on background.	Two dogs tussling over a stuffed toy on a yard, with a boat in its carrier the background.
and Two a a with playing ball water a net. swimmers sport are yellow	Two swimmers are playing a water sport with a yellow ball and a net.
leaps A daschund short grass. through	A daschund leaps through short grass.
a Two barrier street. the leap boys with over in apples	Two boys with apples leap over a barrier in the street.
in looking hair is dark and water with A is boy up.	A boy with dark hair is in water and is looking up.
A to a bat next swings wall. child stone a	A child swings a bat next to a stone wall.
sitting looking people on at are rock horizon. two the a	two people are sitting on a rock looking at the horizon.
girl dancing. boy A a and	A boy and a girl dancing.
stall. Two standing lighted shower girls wearing colorful and in a shirts shorts	Two girls wearing colorful shirts and shorts standing in a lighted shower stall.
drinking A is fountain. a from girl drinking	A girl is drinking from a drinking fountain.
some child A in leaves. playing	A child playing in some leaves.
wheeler riding a dirt. man some is through A four	A man is riding a four wheeler through some dirt.
A another while squats rock by her. girl a on stands	A girl squats on a rock while another stands by her.
People benches. on sit	People sit on benches.
midair in A holding handlebars bike's man his	A man in midair holding his bike's handlebars
across dog a runs grass. the	a dog runs across the grass.
in child and the A snow small stands smiles.	A small child stands in the snow and smiles.
high a a the man in The on trick is air. performing bicycle	The man is performing a trick on a bicycle high in the air.
sitting jacket bench next camping to a on items red a wearing man a various	a man wearing a red jacket sitting on a bench next to various camping items
Asian out. in An thumb up teenager his red sticking his jacket has tongue and a	An Asian teenager in a red jacket has his thumb up and his tongue sticking out.
piste. as off he skis up throwing a snow is skier	a skier is throwing up snow as he skis off piste.
sunglasses a lights street. city young, a A stubbled on in cigarette man	A young, stubbled man in sunglasses lights a cigarette on a city street.
share men dressed a up Two toast.	Two men dressed up share a toast.
the through on riding person a woods a motorbike,	a person on a motorbike, riding through the woods
smiling the camera. baby for A	A baby smiling for the camera.
at man's A sunset. sillouhette	A man's sillouhette at sunset.
around collapses to on as the tries and hold surfer him. a A catches surf wave	A surfer catches a wave and tries to hold on as the surf collapses around him.
dirt and with dog on a white surface. a fluffy small brown, brown dog large, A	A large, brown, fluffy dog with a small white and brown dog on a dirt surface.
of waterfall. is front in a black standing A dog	A black dog is standing in front of a waterfall.
a background. bulldog stand grassy in the running while through A is people park	A bulldog is running through a grassy park while people stand in the background.
the of dog out small water jumping tan A	A small tan dog jumping out of the water
playing A soccer and outside a children restaurant. of group talking	A group of children playing soccer and talking outside a restaurant.
dogs woodland path. are Two a up running	Two dogs are running up a woodland path.
boy water A on slide a	A boy on a water slide
A young grey downtown. sweater man a looking in is	A young man in a grey sweater is looking downtown.
dog field. runs A through a	A dog runs through a field.
holding road A busy woman a fan. of the side waits a at	A woman waits at the side of a busy road holding a fan.
airborne a wave. over An surfer	An surfer airborne over a wave.
young A boy ready his to baseball gets bat. swing	A young boy gets ready to swing his baseball bat.
climber high on a rocky bridge. over A ledge a hanging is	A climber is hanging on a rocky ledge high over a bridge.
a A ridge in standing person on the desert.	A person standing on a ridge in the desert.
over head child object. white on Small and shorts standing shirt hands with their in print	Small child in white shirt and print shorts with hands over their head standing on object.
a A and in backpack the green dog running sweater wearing snow	A dog wearing a green sweater and backpack running in the snow
and A black grassy brown an dog field. dogs two overgrown in	A brown dog and two black dogs in an overgrown grassy field.
artist's an studio. gathered People in	People gathered in an artist's studio.
while watching a person takeout small A eats television.	A person eats takeout while watching a small television.
Children in riverwater. swimming brown	Children swimming in brown riverwater.
at softball softball and missing a A swinging it. player	A softball player swinging at a softball and missing it.
of Three line. panties pairs granny on hanging a	Three pairs of granny panties hanging on a line.
another while fishing down. a lays in and pole man holds a sits boat A	A man sits in a boat and holds a fishing pole while another lays down.
young women Two one outside smoking cigarette. door, a a blue standing	Two young women standing outside a blue door, one smoking a cigarette.
boy in hat swing. on A a a	A boy in a hat on a swing.
Two what be a looks are under to robot. men standing giant	Two men are standing under what looks to be a giant robot.
in out is spinning of race front A car spectators.	A race car is spinning out in front of spectators.
it. parachute with on shining light tree the at a A people some on a caught ground	A parachute caught on a tree with some people on the ground shining a light at it.
is growling. ground the brown A dog on	A brown dog is on the ground growling.
woman, man trail, lake of distant and mountain. park a and A in pose front on a	A man and woman, on a park trail, pose in front of a lake and distant mountain.
hops in field to a another while next dog it. stands A dog	A dog hops in a field while another dog stands next to it.
small, and Two together the large are dogs, one one playing grass. in	Two dogs, one large and one small, are playing together in the grass.
A rocky walks mountain. down backpacker a	A backpacker walks down a rocky mountain.
Dog on owner sitting and lawn.	Dog and owner sitting on lawn.
between poles. running A white and dog black	A black and white dog running between poles.
in and a in cigarette a smokes grassy area. A dressed white black woman	A woman dressed in black and white smokes a cigarette in a grassy area.
unicycle. on a A woman a and boy	A woman and a boy on a unicycle.
buildings. with A view street and cars	A street view with cars and buildings.
standing sound mixing of a around group table. are A people	A group of people are standing around a sound mixing table.
the There five are skiers, backpacks, with in snow.	There are five skiers, with backpacks, in the snow.
air. with horse Two men brown the in a kicking into attire western	Two men in western attire with a brown horse kicking into the air.
little shovel. smiling and a boy in riding A	A little boy smiling and riding in a shovel.
bike a riding a couple	a couple riding a bike
in of group a river. dogs A standing	A group of dogs standing in a river.
boats, while one near other a stands man several A of 2 are men on boats. dock the on	A man stands on a dock near several boats, while 2 other men are on one of the boats.
in are dogs field. Three running a	Three dogs are running in a field.
the on Shelton his A throws shirt pitcher baseball ball. with	A baseball pitcher with Shelton on his shirt throws the ball.
in wooded by a Two tan a than one interact yard fence. grassy other, enclosed larger dogs, the	Two tan dogs, one larger than the other, interact in a grassy yard enclosed by a wooded fence.
is shirt A throwing girl football. wet a a yellow in	A girl in a yellow shirt is throwing a wet football.
dog A white is in brown the and carrying stick a water.	A white and brown dog is carrying a stick in the water.
building people A outside. with	A building with people outside.
vendor forward. A and while looking pink all red her wears in is preparing clothing	A vendor in all pink and red clothing is preparing her wears while looking forward.
a jumping snow A park snowbank over is a snowboarder in	A snowboarder is jumping over a snowbank in a snow park
A climbs hill. a dog	A dog climbs a hill.
A in air. man the jumps gray in a shirt	A man in a gray shirt jumps in the air.
snow. a in in with is of woman A front panda a headphones man the hat and outside	A woman with a panda hat and headphones is in front of a man outside in the snow.
beautiful of An in front unusual looking standing dog backdrop. is a	An unusual looking dog is standing in front of a beautiful backdrop.
hill. a of top Skiiers snow at the covered	Skiiers at the top of a snow covered hill.
orange A black man shoes with basketball playing	A black man playing basketball with orange shoes
tattoos a showing matching pair off musical note	a pair showing off matching musical note tattoos
a performs a skateboarder trick.	a skateboarder performs a trick.
A dog black man and on his the beach.	A black man and his dog on the beach.
walking. asian Two females go	Two asian females go walking.
on in shirt look the in the others on the the balances white ledge skateboarder as The background.	The skateboarder in the white shirt balances on the ledge as the others look on in the background.
an him. his goes through course while obstacle beside A dog runs owner	A dog goes through an obstacle course while his owner runs beside him.
a a hurdle. jump in of the a on horse over white middle rider is A	A rider on a white horse is in the middle of a jump over a hurdle.
in white grassy A a dog landscaped jumps soccer yard. up to catch ball	A white dog jumps up to catch a soccer ball in landscaped grassy yard.
a with rag. brown lying playing A grass in dog white the	A brown dog lying in the grass playing with a white rag.
and on woman A man a outdoors. a sit bench	A man and a woman sit on a bench outdoors.
man A the tugboat. standing a and building beside on dock a	A man standing on the dock beside a building and a tugboat.
off the the standing golfers Two distance. are fairway on looking into	Two golfers are standing on the fairway looking off into the distance.
going very motorcyclist high A speeds. a is	A motorcyclist is going a very high speeds.
on playing blanket. a a man black white A with dog	A man playing with a black dog on a white blanket.
stone plants. surrounded climbing by stairs A dog	A dog climbing stone stairs surrounded by plants.
and a man A a together. are dog pool in	A man and a dog are in a pool together.
holding of fire. torch Man	Man holding torch of fire.
and shirt tie, A as looks he a a wearing perplexed navigates through crowd. man	A man wearing a shirt and tie, looks perplexed as he navigates through a crowd.
mountains. bicycle trek in the on Man high	Man on bicycle trek high in the mountains.
the man sea. a on	a man on the sea.
animal with walking in him. is a grass snowy The brown, tree furry the behind	The brown, furry animal is walking in the snowy grass with a tree behind him.
fountain. a chasing water squirts small is child A in	A small child is chasing water squirts in a fountain.
jacket blue kid with jumping little yellow off rock and hat	little kid with yellow jacket and blue hat jumping off rock
on dog yellow runs a day. A snow white on sunny	A yellow dog runs on white snow on a sunny day.
A glider. water	A water glider.
riding down coat a A a street. city winter woman in a bike	A woman in a winter coat riding a bike down a city street.
city lights, neon traffic. people and lots of A with street busy	A busy city street with neon lights, lots of people and traffic.
boy is little out the A water. of pulling a man	A man is pulling a little boy out of the water.
player ball. in the red yellow the in challenging player for The is hockey	The hockey player in yellow is challenging the player in red for the ball.
the off A jumping park is a swinging a at swing into tire is while it young air. girl	A young girl at a park is jumping off a tire swing while it is swinging into the air.
motorbike red red a outfit riding in man is circuit. a on motocross uphill a a	a man in a red outfit is riding a red motorbike uphill on a motocross circuit.
down. looking man wearing a A black jacket	A man wearing a black jacket looking down.
watches. in motorcyclist a burns rubber while A a circle crowd	A motorcyclist burns rubber in a circle while a crowd watches.
in hand as the The holds man shorts fence. girl's her the he leads along	The man in shorts holds the girl's hand as he leads her along the fence.
dog Closeup image swimming. a of	Closeup image of a dog swimming.
toy. plushie white hangong A dog tan a on to	A tan dog hangong on to a white plushie toy.
bucket a in blue trunks A carries down boy swim crowded a blue beach.	A boy in blue swim trunks carries a blue bucket down a crowded beach.
white in player with stick uniform hockey	hockey player in white uniform with stick
A car. a in small child pretend	A small child in a pretend car.
The the runs field. dog through	The dog runs through the field.
long view window on Two with floor a with behind showing brown the a them the hair from girls sit town.	Two girls with long brown hair sit on the floor with a view from the window behind them showing a town.
boys wooden brown in of front several a door huge playing young soccer	several young boys playing soccer in front of a huge brown wooden door
person bicycle. air the a on is resembles that a in contraption A	A person is in the air on a contraption that resembles a bicycle.
park in nearby. bench A the on while sits walk with dog, man a others a	A man sits on a bench in the park with a dog, while others walk nearby.
throws pink air. the leaves in coat A a in girl	A girl in a pink coat throws leaves in the air.
outdoors. little girl playing toy A a is on	A little girl is playing on a toy outdoors.
urban carrying an A sidewalk on black baby in in an standing baby woman is orange wrap. a	A woman in black is standing on an urban sidewalk carrying a baby in an orange baby wrap.
a the at swimming smiling kid pool	a kid smiling at the swimming pool
on white water a A mountain. drinks dog	A white dog drinks water on a mountain.
and while on. another man to points the A woman look woman menu	A woman points to the menu while another woman and man look on.
on jogging Two the path a near waterfront. ladies	Two ladies jogging on a path near the waterfront.
a some a is on person bicycle riding trail through trees. A	A person is riding a bicycle on a trail through some trees.
Four playing are women in on suits the bathing beach.	Four women in bathing suits are playing on the beach.
dances with street. group people little city of on A a behind a him boy	A little boy dances with a group of people behind him on a city street.
base near rock rock the face. a Two climbers of	Two rock climbers near the base of a rock face.
grabs limb tree Black white dog and	Black and white dog grabs tree limb
as a subway into subway pulls People the station wait	People wait as the subway pulls into a subway station
A mouth. its on a black purple pulling with dog object	A black dog pulling on a purple object with its mouth.
of stand group a people on A balcony.	A group of people stand on a balcony.
ski-suit on Young side snowy is a skier the hill a in pink of	Young skier in a pink ski-suit is on the side of a snowy hill
with boy cast A a arm his is young on hospital lying bed. on a	A young boy with a cast on his arm is lying on a hospital bed.
wearing grass t-shirt white boy soccer ball. a on the and A a walks carries	A boy wearing a white t-shirt walks on the grass and carries a soccer ball.
smoking a blue a in cigarette shirt man a	a man in a blue shirt smoking a cigarette
girl bowl on her table head with young A a a at sitting	A young girl sitting at a table with a bowl on her head
steep hill. splashes waterfall at A grassy into pool bottom a the a of	A waterfall splashes into a pool at the bottom of a steep grassy hill.
are Four background. a passes woman ship huge on a beach as the playing in	Four woman are playing on a beach as a huge ship passes in the background.
A a is with to " " wall are walking on painted man ? Where you next it.	A man is walking next to a wall with " Where are you ? " painted on it.
group people on white beach to sunshade. a a standing are A near of	A group of people are standing on a beach near to a white sunshade.
mouth dog a water looks dog crosses other in puddle a of its ball black the while with brown way. A a	A black dog crosses a puddle of water with a ball in its mouth while a brown dog looks the other way.
child the and father enjoy water. A	A father and child enjoy the water.
A and scene water. snow of	A scene of snow and water.
out. a tongue with grey hanging and A runs dog field black its in	A black and grey dog runs in a field with its tongue hanging out.
fighting. are kids group A of sword	A group of kids are sword fighting.
into runs the out dog The ocean.	The dog runs out into the ocean.
A on person's dog little is leg. a sitting bent	A little dog is sitting on a person's bent leg.
a on racing track. dog A	A dog racing on a track.
silhouette of a with man pole. a fishing A	A silhouette of a man with a fishing pole.
background. dirt hiker A snowy with a mountain lone walking on	A lone hiker walking on dirt with a snowy mountain background.
building. of brick front People walking drinking are a and in	People are drinking and walking in front of a brick building.
and standing on picture a taking brick Woman wall a	Woman standing on a brick wall and taking a picture
on him. a man while dog sits A lays his bench by	A man lays on a bench while his dog sits by him.
sun bike large on above Person overhead. two in boulders air with	Person on bike in air above two large boulders with sun overhead.
women at street walk a city down Two night.	Two women walk down a city street at night.
A larger policeman at smiling black woman a is	A black policeman is smiling at a larger woman
grass. play Two dogs in	Two dogs play in grass.
Green Packers of a Someone off takes Bay a player. football cloth	Someone takes a cloth off of a Green Bay Packers football player.
down the woman other Several walking pink street assorted in people. dressed and	Several woman walking down the street dressed in pink and other assorted people.
The three are dogs in field. a	The three dogs are in a field.
head. cardigan a scarf with on sunglasses teal and A wearing her teal woman a	A woman wearing a teal cardigan with a teal scarf and sunglasses on her head.
bench. person a bmx onto leaping on bike, a A	A person on a bmx bike, leaping onto a bench.
dog a in A the yard. front Frisbee catches	A dog catches a Frisbee in the front yard.
with her take up racquet. swing a player is to tennis a lining female	a female tennis player is lining up to take a swing with her racquet.
girl as field. photographs two she on A the stands logs	A girl stands on two logs as she photographs the field.
of a with boat the young riding on are deck. men an two orange shirts with back	two young men with shirts are riding on the back of a boat with an orange deck.
working on furniture a piece small of a deck. boys on Three	Three small boys working on a piece of furniture on a deck.
Several and above up women their arms men lifting their heads. are straight	Several women and men are lifting their arms straight up above their heads.
the is dog air. through brown with A jumping spots white	A white dog with brown spots is jumping through the air.
dog A mouthpiece a red running. white collar with and a	A white dog with a mouthpiece and a red collar running.
wrestling. man with practicing microphone sum watches children two a a	a man with a microphone watches two children practicing sum wrestling.
child yard. A cartwheels the does in	A child does cartwheels in the yard.
racing. Five are dogs	Five dogs are racing.
clothes lying is laughing A clothes. a pile of eyese whiel his boy brown-haired with on	A brown-haired boy is laughing with his eyese clothes whiel lying on a pile of clothes.
playing are in white Two snow. dogs the	Two white dogs are playing in the snow.
woman back look structure. of man red in while A camera a front at the standing art and	A man and woman look back at the camera while standing in front of a red art structure.
while several cowboys a it. bull tossing A rider him to is try restrain other off	A bull is tossing a rider off him while several other cowboys try to restrain it.
bites blue doberman A ball. large a	A doberman bites a large blue ball.
for her photo lady young A with dog. poses	A young lady poses for photo with her dog.
lamppost a stands on near as a pose man in leg looks a girl young playful A on. one	A man stands on one leg in a playful pose near a lamppost as a young girl looks on.
a mouth. its in object A dog in white is the leaping with air green	A white dog is leaping in the air with a green object in its mouth.
lady old street. walks an the down	an old lady walks down the street.
endorsement-covered A uniformed an is motorcycle. rider riding	A uniformed rider is riding an endorsement-covered motorcycle.
bridge. a couch Bum next on to sitting a	Bum sitting on a couch next to a bridge.
gather speech front people of for in building	people gather in front of building for speech
leafy running grey path. in jacket a A along is child a	A child in a grey jacket is running along a leafy path.
and brown with hair Two shirts are clapping. girls blue	Two girls with brown hair and blue shirts are clapping.
lady The the in the toddler pool. catches	The lady catches the toddler in the pool.
wearing men. woman two sunglasses to A next standing	A woman wearing sunglasses standing next to two men.
is tricks. man a boat pulled The behind and being doing	The man is being pulled behind a boat and doing tricks.
a on sitting in bike. is A costume a boy	A boy in a costume is sitting on a bike.
Several dancing. women	Several women dancing.
a a young beam jumping to woman	a young woman jumping to a beam
black red brown a Frisbee. with are and dog dog a playing A	A brown dog and a black dog are playing with a red Frisbee.
in standing front a snow-capped Two are men mountain. of	Two men are standing in front of a snow-capped mountain.
the in People race lead. running in and grey is guy the a	People running a race and the guy in grey is in the lead.
runs her. behind Frisbee a in woman a a A dog as player baseball thows uniform to	A woman thows a Frisbee to a dog as a baseball player in uniform runs behind her.
and vampire women two dressed man in costumes One	One man and two women dressed in vampire costumes
in an A grilling apron man corn.	A man in an apron grilling corn.
outside Women the standing use to potty.	Women standing outside to use the potty.
hose dog bench. a a A running garden and stone past	A dog running past a garden hose and a stone bench.
dog large its licking nose. A	A large dog licking its nose.
rocks water. in people row a past Two boat	Two people row a boat past rocks in water.
A a to young a teaches village. rural girl African in English man	A man teaches English to a young girl in a rural African village.
touching a brown is boy on rope clothing one pulling while are blue in a Two chair. boys	Two boys in blue clothing are pulling on a rope while one boy is touching a brown chair.
on male and the red break is tiled The dancing black floor. teenager	The male teenager is break dancing on the red and black tiled floor.
a brown little summer clothes dog. girls in are washing Two	Two little girls in summer clothes are washing a brown dog.
child The grassy running through field. is the	The child is running through the grassy field.
A wings bird spread. its flies low with	A bird flies low with its wings spread.
poster. a standing Asian fantasy couple An are by	An Asian couple are standing by a fantasy poster.
The jumps over obstacle. dog an	The dog jumps over an obstacle.
A and a pad. flies off landing swing child jumps toward a	A child jumps off a swing and flies toward a landing pad.
running dog and brown and dog black playing. white and A a	A black dog and a brown and white dog running and playing.
ultimate Two in clothing play wintry men Frisbee. athletic	Two men in wintry athletic clothing play ultimate Frisbee.
plays living room. toy fluffy a small dog in with A a	A fluffy dog plays with a small toy in a living room.
the a run a background. grassy with in building Three girls field on	Three girls run on a grassy field with a building in the background.
dog in looking water the The back. is	The dog is in the water looking back.
monument. people the together of sit stairs near A group a of	A group of people sit together near the stairs of a monument.
the windsurfer water. A on	A windsurfer on the water.
on A is chewing dog a and white camera. black	A black and white dog is chewing on a camera.
A on dog behind six dog black race brown track. a a number race slightly is	A brown number six race dog is slightly behind a black race dog on a track.
water boy trees. young a runs near on the A through beach	A young boy runs through the water on a beach near trees.
one side Two while kids little by something. walk side eats	Two little kids walk side by side while one eats something.
playing catching ; one are is Two dogs Frisbee. a	Two dogs are playing ; one is catching a Frisbee.
playpen. are in a Two sitting toddlers colorful	Two toddlers are sitting in a colorful playpen.
toy poodles standard the play white with a in two snow	two white standard poodles play with a toy in the snow
A dog is brown running.	A brown dog is running.
Row of riding. that plastic childrens a with ride child one horses form	Row of plastic horses that form a childrens ride with one child riding.
and blue blue red ball holding toddler and red in dressed	toddler dressed in blue and red holding blue and red ball
short over cliff. rocky A climbing man is sheer a but	A man is climbing over a short but sheer rocky cliff.
leaps a dog A man. on	A dog leaps on a man.
and taking group of something, A large people pictures. watching screaming, are	A large group of people are watching something, screaming, and taking pictures.
the leaves. are Two in puppies playing	Two puppies are playing in the leaves.
girls together laughing asian two	two asian girls laughing together
black cat husky and nuzzling. A a	A husky and a black cat nuzzling.
for making while camera, another on. face the man Man looks kissing	Man making kissing face for the camera, while another man looks on.
doing a skateboard a A skateboard ramp on man trick	A man doing a skateboard trick on a skateboard ramp
executes crowd jump the a watches. while a a on man part bike A of competition as	A man on a bike executes a jump as part of a competition while the crowd watches.
little sliding a boy while laughing. down slide A	A little boy sliding down a slide while laughing.
A posing to boy next his is scooter.	A boy is posing next to his scooter.
a autumn of skateboard boy leaves. pile belly-surfing a A into	A boy belly-surfing a skateboard into a pile of autumn leaves.
a girl and a on pony with girl beside the is a riding standing pony. little A woman	A girl is riding on a pony with a little girl and a woman standing beside the pony.
brown with A sandy outside. soccer is dog a playing ball	A sandy brown dog is playing with a soccer ball outside.
stand cold Two field harvested weather. a in people on	Two people stand on a harvested field in cold weather.
three sand. The play dogs in the	The three dogs play in the sand.
on boy tire-swing. a swinging A	A boy swinging on a tire-swing.
its sits with a in out. dog sticking A tongue car	A dog sits in a car with its tongue sticking out.
people a snow. of Two across field walks	Two people walks across a field of snow.
pointing towards is hiker A the mountains.	A hiker is pointing towards the mountains.
shirt the silver one swings boy pole. in arm green on with the The	The boy in the green shirt swings with one arm on the silver pole.
a of in group video standing bar. a games A is by man	A man is standing by a group of video games in a bar.
ball street. top a in umbrella red balancing a on a man A city pink is of	A man is balancing a red ball on top of a pink umbrella in a city street.
trick the is man a in motorcycle on high air. performing a The	The man is performing a trick on a motorcycle high in the air.
climbing fence. a on link chain Young child	Young child climbing on a chain link fence.
dresses near a denim armchair. girls young wearing playing Two	Two young girls wearing denim dresses playing near a armchair.
number dunks net the background. the crowd Player a in with the 23 basketball into	Player number 23 dunks the basketball into the net with a crowd in the background.
dog The is a tugging green rope. black at	The black dog is tugging at a green rope.
mountainside. smiling mountain climbers Two are the on	Two mountain climbers are smiling on the mountainside.
ball, chased football player team. a with opposing runs by A the	A football player runs with a ball, chased by the opposing team.
white grass. running Two brown across and dogs	Two brown and white dogs running across grass.
on Group a fighting of people street.	Group of people fighting on a street.
spotted brown shallow dog water. walks in A	A brown spotted dog walks in shallow water.
spiked in pain " and carrying " knuckle crowd, black woman graphic. Asian with bag	Asian woman in crowd, carrying black bag with " pain " and spiked knuckle graphic.
stick with a dog a mouth. A its hill valley the on stands looking in towards	A dog stands on a hill looking towards the valley with a stick in its mouth.
dark dog treads water. A through green	A dog treads through dark green water.
child uphill walking woman and A	A woman and child walking uphill
background. tall on some one shoes, is gloves a Group blue hands ball team their of trees red in are wearing the and uniforms of on wearing people white	Group of people on a ball team wearing blue and white uniforms some of gloves on their hands one is wearing red shoes, tall trees are in the background.
Two little football play green boys on grass.	Two little boys play football on green grass.
picture somebody blue under A water. of	A picture of somebody under blue water.
pink a field Two through running of dogs flowers. are	Two dogs are running through a field of pink flowers.
her. sunshine A and swings shines the child on down	A child swings and the sunshine shines down on her.
a the house. gray child in rings young of a A costume bell door	A young child in a costume rings the door bell of a gray house.
child a A blonde swing. on swinging	A blonde child swinging on a swing.
man blue tennis. in headband plays A a	A man in a blue headband plays tennis.
sun on dog beach a with the is A the walking on horizon.	A dog is walking on a beach with the sun on the horizon.
on lkievely person dancing a wearing concrete. a some outfit	a person wearing a lkievely outfit dancing on some concrete.
A large in restaurant. woman a eating a fish	A woman eating a large fish in a restaurant.
blue in A plaid a the air against a skier through jacket sky. flies dark	A skier in a plaid jacket flies through the air against a dark blue sky.
to next air A girl a jumps mural. the jukebox in little	A little girl jumps in the air next to a jukebox mural.
wearing man woman A speaks a a a white holding microphone to shirt.	A woman holding a microphone speaks to a man wearing a white shirt.
the brown little A through grass. runs dog	A little brown dog runs through the grass.
baby. holding a bookstore at while A a in a book woman looks	A woman looks at a book in a bookstore while holding a baby.
look rolled-up children through magazines. Four	Four children look through rolled-up magazines.
playing in at sand Three beach children	Three children playing in sand at beach
is ramp. down a jumping Dog	Dog is jumping down a ramp.
a dog A a in stick forest. runs with in mouth his	A dog with a stick in his mouth runs in a forest.
secluded driving beach. a a This is person on boat	This person is driving a boat on a secluded beach.
by the with boy a pool. plays a noodle	a boy plays with a noodle by the pool.
snow. in A a little black confrontation dog with is dog large tan the in	A little tan dog is in confrontation with a large black dog in the snow.
girl young restaurant night. standing a a outside at	a young girl standing outside a restaurant at night.
a night. splashing rainy a parking flooded lot A on minivan through	A minivan splashing through a flooded parking lot on a rainy night.
are costumes. Children black dressed in white and	Children are dressed in black and white costumes.
People deck, ship on overlooking and deck. cruise a the	People on a cruise ship deck, and overlooking the deck.
little wrestle, a brown watches. dog dog A and and black	A black and brown dog wrestle, and a little dog watches.
red. fighting Two brown and wearing both are dogs are they	Two brown dogs are fighting and they are both wearing red.
hill short next to goes down a snowboarder stairs. A	A snowboarder goes down a short hill next to stairs.
biker corner Dirt a taking	Dirt biker taking a corner
little play the The all inside jump toy. kids inflatable and around	The little kids all play and jump around inside the inflatable toy.
reviewing Two set a on film women movie	Two women on a movie set reviewing film
tennis his swings ball. at racket tennis boy a A	A boy swings his tennis racket at a tennis ball.
A holding a black dog branch. small	A black dog holding a small branch.
swim wearing goggles. child A	A child wearing swim goggles.
in the encircling child splash white float small over mountains. with water clouds a A while him the	A small child in water with a splash encircling him while the white clouds float over the mountains.
red wearing A man hat and coat holds a black camera. a	A man wearing a black coat and red hat holds a camera.
stands man red jacket a near in kayak. A yellow a	A man in a red jacket stands near a yellow kayak.
child air. A the throws a man up in small	A man throws a small child up in the air.
pool in empty broom red a hooded-coat A a like an riding in a is boy horse pool.	A boy in a red hooded-coat is riding a pool broom like a horse in an empty pool.
lying together. young Two people bed on a are	Two young people are lying on a bed together.
climbing waterfall. near Three small rocks a are people	Three people are climbing rocks near a small waterfall.
making a A constructed a piece. high bicyclist stunt is over jump	A bicyclist is making a high jump over a constructed stunt piece.
swimmies outside next in There some two kids trees. playing to are	There are two kids in swimmies playing outside next to some trees.
off ramp. a jump wooden man bike takes a young black A in	A young man in black takes a jump off a wooden bike ramp.
Boys are soccer. playing	Boys are playing soccer.
jump a An show. at clears a horse equestrian	An equestrian clears a jump at a horse show.
for little together. Two picture a a girls on boat pose	Two little girls on a boat pose for a picture together.
walking people an across hill. icy Three	Three people walking across an icy hill.
each dressed men Two other. blue in face	Two men dressed in blue face each other.
dog swimming Black in water.	Black dog swimming in water.
over tan the A on broom a bites dog floor. as brick it moves	A tan dog bites on a broom as it moves over the brick floor.
with sidewalk lays face grass. in on A the the her little girl	A little girl lays on the sidewalk with her face in the grass.
past people in maroon Man while walk in standing road turban	Man in maroon turban standing in road while people walk past
walking people with in the cars background. buildings Three street down the are and	Three people are walking down the street with cars and buildings in the background.
baby while a watch. takes bath A grownups	A baby takes a bath while grownups watch.
the playground. young on girls outside playing Two	Two young girls playing outside on the playground.
grass. legs stockings the her wearing boots A has on out and orange stretched person chunky	A person wearing orange stockings and chunky boots has her legs stretched out on the grass.
man A in street. in wearing the skateboarding black shorts	A man wearing black shorts in skateboarding in the street.
jumping the dog park. white and a A is black snow at in	A black and white dog is jumping in the snow at a park.
sit the moving pond in the watch Children and fish	Children sit and watch the fish moving in the pond
above A water dolphin	A dolphin above water
patio. is a furry, A dog outside tan on	A furry, tan dog is outside on a patio.
the shooting in boy up A plays young fountains the from ground.	A young boy plays in the fountains shooting up from the ground.
yellow The girl in young the area. garden the in dress is running	The young girl in the yellow dress is running in the garden area.
A large a in beverage his middle dances the crowd in of holding white in a man hand.	A large man in white dances in the middle of a crowd holding a beverage in his hand.
wall on a wearing sitting concrete man sunglasses a lone	a lone man wearing sunglasses sitting on a concrete wall
on purple snowy down a girl coat red sled coasting a in a A hill.	A girl in a purple coat on a red sled coasting down a snowy hill.
dog jumps black, tan A at brown, and the camera.	A black, brown, and tan dog jumps at the camera.
Yellow in dog hind legs stands in building ball on mouth, background. with	Yellow dog stands on hind legs with ball in mouth, building in background.
a climbs hill. A muddy truck	A truck climbs a muddy hill.
down is Someone snowy skiing step a hill.	Someone is skiing down a step snowy hill.
a swims ducks. near dog	a dog swims near ducks.
kayaking yellow dog. with A is her woman in kayak a	A woman is kayaking in a yellow kayak with her dog.
a bicycle a riding field. woman A in	A woman riding a bicycle in a field.
jumping horse Women over gate. on	Women on horse jumping over gate.
sidewalk. a kisses on a couple busy	a couple kisses on a busy sidewalk.
women dancing. dresses in Three	Three women in dresses dancing.
golden-brown through field. running green A a dog	A golden-brown dog running through a green field.
small her are and they a arm around has A girl smiling. woman	A woman has her arm around a small girl and they are smiling.
stares of fence of type group animal. A at through kids some a	A group of kids stares through a fence at some type of animal.
the is in beach. A motorboat yellow next driving a person a to slicker	A person in a yellow slicker is driving a motorboat next to the beach.
racing have and mouths. their muzzles Two dogs on are	Two dogs are racing and have muzzles on their mouths.
man in snow. the tricks doing A	A man doing tricks in the snow.
her little A ribbon her nose. picking hair girl is in a with	A little girl with a ribbon in her hair is picking her nose.
play on Four the instruments sidewalk. people	Four people play instruments on the sidewalk.
with sitting a camera mountain a a is holding black a on dog. man	a man holding a camera is sitting on a mountain with a black dog.
woman a a fence. over climbs attrative	a attrative woman climbs over a fence.
closeup A of women standing together. two	A closeup of two women standing together.
on in swing children the garden. playing Three a are	Three children are playing on a swing in the garden.
boy A young onto a toy. dives water	A young boy dives onto a water toy.
open dog's is is The like mouth he yawning.	The dog's mouth is open like he is yawning.
many A among stands girl large small watermelons.	A small girl stands among many large watermelons.
boys mortar toward a boy another One gun walks sits him. on as giant	One boys sits on a giant mortar gun as another boy walks toward him.
light Two golden wrestle dogs playfully the on colored together area. brick	Two light golden colored dogs playfully wrestle together on the brick area.
in a ball dribbles to a next field grass lot. boy parking soccer A a	A boy dribbles a soccer ball in a grass field next to a parking lot.
leap a while the tandem crossing take hikers The bridge.	The hikers take a tandem leap while crossing the bridge.
A ground in subway. sleeping a on man the	A man sleeping on the ground in a subway.
the in and snow. object black in yellow with dog mouth Brown	Brown and black dog with yellow object in mouth in the snow.
dog. a of front down that and in horns at cow stands has A white head directed its the dog	A white dog stands in front of a cow that has its head down and horns directed at the dog.
sit People train. a inside	People sit inside a train.
snow. the races dog A through sled	A dog sled races through the snow.
plays in with an toy. a pool inflatable A boy	A boy plays in a pool with an inflatable toy.
group jumps a A over blue in them. someone snow while the lies sled on snow	A group lies in the snow while someone on a blue snow sled jumps over them.
stands A an courtyard fall. in a paved in park in family	A family stands in a paved courtyard in an park in fall.
Woman jogging road. the beside	Woman jogging beside the road.
higher and rider jumping hill an biker a high be dirt electric over than pole. A to seems	A biker rider jumping high over a dirt hill and seems to be higher than an electric pole.
are red brown little with with a dogs playing ball. floppy The ears	The little brown dogs with floppy ears are playing with a red ball.
a high off jumping rock. person A of	A person jumping off of a high rock.
playing dogs the in are large Three black grass.	Three large black dogs are playing in the grass.
woman man A picture. a pose bloody and for	A bloody man and woman pose for a picture.
chair-swing, on couple smiling other's little A lap. plastic boys together of ride in one the a	A couple of smiling little boys ride together in a plastic chair-swing, one on the other's lap.
chase dog in Two from has that his dogs and mouth another a after ball large runs them.	Two large dogs chase after another dog that has a ball in his mouth and runs from them.
mini toss boy a little to basketball. starts A	A little boy starts to toss a mini basketball.
children large a wall. advertisement at a fashion up concrete looking on Two	Two children looking up at a large fashion advertisement on a concrete wall.
wall that Skateboarder of shades like front a in looks fishscales. wearing	Skateboarder wearing shades in front of a wall that looks like fishscales.
in pink swimsuit pool a in girl a A	A girl in a pink swimsuit in a pool
people of in Several stores. front	Several people in front of stores.
boy A playing a playground on	A boy playing on a playground
A a skateboarder traffic jumping cone.	A skateboarder jumping a traffic cone.
in A chair a hand. and in their holding bags is person sits brown	A person sits in a brown chair and is holding bags in their hand.
with A on is a shirt a street. glasses and grey man crowded	A man with glasses and a grey shirt is on a crowded street.
dog A white across running brown field. and a brown is	A brown and white dog is running across a brown field.
on skates rail. yellow on hat inline A with a guy is a white	A guy on inline skates with a white hat is on a yellow rail.
Two grass. dogs on playing	Two dogs playing on grass.
a a A woman bike wearing helmet incline. steep her down rides	A woman wearing a helmet rides her bike down a steep incline.
man ramp. riding his the in off air A bicycle of is up a	A man is riding his bicycle up in the air off of a ramp.
area. through A a running brown dog is wooded	A brown dog is running through a wooded area.
making A sitting a a in face car surprised boy	A boy sitting in a car making a surprised face
Small field. dog a running through	Small dog running through a field.
in Two wrestling a dogs field. are grassy	Two dogs are wrestling in a grassy field.
lot. a parking stands the A black in middle of a poncho dressed man in	A man dressed in a black poncho stands in the middle of a parking lot.
man the to on a of do outdoor fountain. bike on trick tries A a an railing	A man on a bike tries to do a trick on the railing of an outdoor fountain.
against a a swings A boy in playground brown wearing sky. blue	A boy wearing brown swings in a playground against a blue sky.
at young a girl playground A	A young girl at a playground
looking at children off-camera. A something group of	A group of children looking at something off-camera.
workers Two in bubble and black up set orange	Two workers in orange and black set up bubble
ferry. with nearby the a of lining a Kids location rocks on coastline play	Kids play on rocks lining the coastline of a location with a nearby ferry.
in holds blue a woman a jumper. baby A	A woman holds a baby in a blue jumper.
in baby and Woman floor on sitting room. waiting	Woman and baby sitting on floor in waiting room.
shirt in A arms. young jumping and man's is blue into a a boy cap	A young boy in a blue shirt and cap is jumping into a man's arms.
dogs with Two play outdoors. other each	Two dogs play with each other outdoors.
man a smokes cigarette. wall stands a near A and	A man stands near a wall and smokes a cigarette.
kids Two floor. on the play	Two kids play on the floor.
A at a elevation. rocky surface high on is a large white dog	A white dog is on a large rocky surface at a high elevation.
woman across A beach. the leaps	A woman leaps across the beach.
dog lack with and run a surface something on and a A red gravel white brown dog underfoot.	A lack dog and a brown and white dog run on a gravel surface with something red underfoot.
four riders and are road. the motorcycles Two on	Two motorcycles and four riders are on the road.
catch with to red dog the A mouth open ball.	A dog with mouth open to catch the red ball.
A looking is his man Asian at young cellphone.	A young Asian man is looking at his cellphone.
jumps tile. skateboard over concrete the his yellow man A on high	A man jumps high on his yellow skateboard over the concrete tile.
An white rides individual in motorcycle. a adorned	An individual adorned in white rides a motorcycle.
in game. play a soccer Children	Children play in a soccer game.
little boy A on railroad tracks. walking	A little boy walking on railroad tracks.
in hat is A man high. a someplace up green	A man in a green hat is someplace up high.
A in the running brown white snow Bernard St and beautiful	A beautiful brown and white St Bernard running in the snow
jump. snowboarders two	two snowboarders jump.
over melting grey the A bounds squirrel snow.	A grey squirrel bounds over the melting snow.
people masks Two in dancing.	Two people in masks dancing.
across another. few grass competition with the in men one A sprint	A few men sprint across the grass in competition with one another.
flag. airborne a A is building skateboarder an between and American white	A skateboarder is airborne between a white building and an American flag.
field. a Two in Weimeraners	Two Weimeraners in a field.
someone's fixes shoes. A woman	A woman fixes someone's shoes.
while dog on. running looks man Black	Black dog running while man looks on.
front up with in air. end snowmobile Snowmobiler the riding	Snowmobiler riding snowmobile with front end up in the air.
fisherman while in The stands hands. looking his in water something at small	The fisherman stands in water while looking at something small in his hands.
A leather recliner dog white white a jumps brown on and chair.	A white and brown dog jumps on a white leather recliner chair.
crosses a child standing shirt smiles and white stairs. blue and his in carpeted arms red while on A striped	A child in a blue and white striped shirt crosses his arms and smiles while standing on red carpeted stairs.
A of man rocks. large a atop stands mountain	A man stands atop a large mountain of rocks.
running through by them outdoors. sprinklers kids Little enjoy	Little kids enjoy sprinklers by running through them outdoors.
underwater. lobster diver holds small A up scuba a	A scuba diver holds up a small lobster underwater.
dog A black in dog are and white running dirt. black and a	A black dog and a black and white dog are running in dirt.
taking is woman man standing in of also to a tall photo. a man photo a another front and taking A who next	A woman taking a photo standing next to a tall man and in front of another man who is also taking a photo.
riding cases carrying skateboard. The man several is while a	The man is carrying several cases while riding a skateboard.
of front drawing in A woman standing a chalk	A woman standing in front of a chalk drawing
a three walking sidewalk young woman down looking up	three young woman walking down a sidewalk looking up
child man hat in woman A and in sunglasses, front a building. a blue a in a of stripes, in brick	A man in stripes, a woman in sunglasses, and a child in a blue hat in front of a brick building.
wear a of people group tophats. black	a group of people wear black tophats.
a young bowl striped her in wears A head. on a girl shirt	A young girl in a striped shirt wears a bowl on her head.
with table outside a bike hat the against a table. leaning on a sitting is with A girl	A girl with a hat is sitting outside on a table with a bike leaning against the table.
sits water. the field soccer player drinking A on	A soccer player sits on the field drinking water.
in a sprinkler play beach. near Children a	Children play in a sprinkler near a beach.
A stand people of the group foreign of on street. umbrellas the with side	A group of foreign people stand with umbrellas on the side of the street.
lays dog in A the black sand.	A black dog lays in the sand.
running is track. a muzzled dog around greyhound A	A muzzled greyhound dog is running around a track.
to he stands as ball player the it, La on A focuses tennis advertising while logo. to hit in next the Quinta background a prepares a cameraman	A tennis player focuses on the ball as he prepares to hit it, while a cameraman stands in the background next to a La Quinta advertising logo.
boat runs grass A orange where background. dog the sailing the water large a through is large by in the	A large orange dog runs through the grass by the water where a large boat is sailing in the background.
brown running yard. puddle a a grassy small through	a small brown puddle running through a grassy yard.
black wearing atop down a the and hat riding street. and unicycle person a a pink outfit	a person wearing a black and pink outfit and hat riding atop a unicycle down the street.
up at jumping a waving dogs Three are stick. man the	Three dogs are jumping up at the man waving a stick.
in them. sunglasses look in something Two front at of men	Two men in sunglasses look at something in front of them.
a skis down A forested hill. person	A person skis down a forested hill.
a in surfboard. A a pink pink child hat on	A child in a pink hat on a pink surfboard.
dance watch. a in as performing in A a girls is costumes girl costume other	A girl in a costume is performing a dance as other girls in costumes watch.
into Two children body of water. jumping a	Two children jumping into a body of water.
A holding a woman is dressed soda conversation. up a while up having	A dressed up woman is holding up a soda while having a conversation.
and a on sitting with A backpacks, three women mountain. man	A man and three women with backpacks, sitting on a mountain.
yellow tank on Boy top laughing beach. in a	Boy in yellow tank top laughing on a beach.
blue red water. in child the floaties and down looking at A	A child in red and blue floaties looking down at the water.
fork a a girl hand one the tan in pot in in and holding up and knife shirt a a other	a girl in a tan shirt holding up a fork and knife in one hand and a pot in the other
is A running ball. towards a dog	A dog is running towards a ball.
ball. baseball bowling is A pitcher the	A baseball pitcher is bowling the ball.
an jacket scene with suit plaid picture behind cap, other Man in people background. outdoor shirt with in tan a and the	Man with tan cap, suit jacket and plaid shirt behind a picture in an outdoor scene with other people in the background.
group of a people of in the warmly dressed truck. back A	A group of warmly dressed people in the back of a truck.
A belly-smacker about man into is the to pool. a do	A man is about to do a belly-smacker into the pool.
smiling young at an bowl table A sitting has upturned her a on girl head.	A smiling young girl sitting at a table has an upturned bowl on her head.
women playing volleyball. beach wearing group are of bikinis A	A group of women wearing bikinis are playing beach volleyball.
the a grocery a blue end little riding cart A of store. girl in is shopping wearing	A little girl wearing blue is riding the end of a shopping cart in a grocery store.
of the in with A playing brooms. group people snow	A group of people playing in the snow with brooms.
fton woman watches in of yard house. dog A while from grassy in a a in a tan runs green black dressed	A black dog runs in a grassy yard while a woman dressed in green watches from in fton of a tan house.
silver motorcycle. man A rides and a red	A man rides a silver and red motorcycle.
a little sniffing A white hat in a flower. girl pink	A little girl in a pink hat sniffing a white flower.
a white yellow with out A is to and running trainer black of his next him. tunnel dog	A black and white dog is running out of a yellow tunnel with his trainer next to him.
rugby match	rugby match
girl streaked uggs and walking looks her. next to A fur hair pink with her at back the girl while looks	A girl with pink streaked hair and fur uggs looks back while the girl walking next to her looks at her.
grass. its on in lying black back A green dog	A black dog lying on its back in green grass.
dog to become A in a training dog. seeing-eye	A dog in training to become a seeing-eye dog.
overhead guy An of climbing. rock view a	An overhead view of a guy rock climbing.
chainsaw. carves with a block an man ice a	a man carves an ice block with a chainsaw.
on. looks a on A the splash at water dog as a another dog log in looks	A dog on a log looks at a splash in the water as another dog looks on.
leash A with red a has in its a collar dog on water. the face black	A black dog on a leash with a red collar has its face in the water.
over A lens. takes camera picture girl the hand a her with	A girl takes a picture with her hand over the camera lens.
A her way out and makes and the the onto water in rocks. a sneakers girl of bikini	A girl in a bikini and sneakers makes her way out of the water and onto the rocks.
grass. brown across running the dog A	A brown dog running across the grass.
leave greyhounds the starting Racing gate.	Racing greyhounds leave the starting gate.
attached a white tree. brown leash to A by is and dog whist pooping	A white and brown dog is pooping whist attached to leash by a tree.
grassy group people of horses in field. riding a A	A group of people riding horses in a grassy field.
day. midair bicyclist A on a is in cloudy	A bicyclist is in midair on a cloudy day.
track on racing Red smoke blowing car	Red racing car on track blowing smoke
along the sand, children run Two in shore. the	Two children run in the sand, along the shore.
A a white wearing woman a skis snowy coat hill. down	A woman wearing a white coat skis down a snowy hill.
doing woman rock climbing. A	A woman doing rock climbing.
airborne is dog whilst green toy. a white catching A	A white dog is airborne whilst catching a green toy.
man his shirt. at a sticker A the back on a is standing of with room	A man is standing at the back of a room with a sticker on his shirt.
other laughing. Two each children and facing	Two children facing each other and laughing.
a climber A face. steep rock mountain scales	A mountain climber scales a steep rock face.
everywhere. flying down track sending blasts the ATV racer dirt An	An ATV racer blasts down the track sending dirt flying everywhere.
is An costume a headdress. Asian colorful and girl dressed yellow in	An Asian girl is dressed in a colorful costume and yellow headdress.
onlookers Girl surrounded by midair in kicking	Girl kicking in midair surrounded by onlookers
white on barechested surfboard. a surfs A man	A barechested man surfs on a white surfboard.
boy a A plays on swing.	A boy plays on a swing.
a Two row boat. people	Two people row a boat.
background. in Boy planked stripe in on floor on with the of green white body with wood sweater standing water sleeve	Boy in green sweater with white stripe on sleeve standing on wood planked floor with body of water in the background.
dog Frisbee A a black next red pot. chases a to yellow	A yellow dog chases a red Frisbee next to a black pot.
a with shirt The in a red in the plays watches. as telescope a pink dress boy girl	The boy in a red shirt plays with the telescope as a girl in a pink dress watches.
near a high A boy jumps sign. his skateboard above	A boy jumps high above his skateboard near a sign.
wearing men them one a Two bullhorn. while helmets, are holds of	Two men are wearing helmets, while one of them holds a bullhorn.
street riding a backpack on. the Person with on bicycle their	Person riding their bicycle on the street with a backpack on.
pool and in splash. a People a something just created large	People in a pool and something just created a large splash.
Boy plays baseball grass in field. a	Boy plays baseball in a grass field.
A a each trampoline, and others on are dog standing boy enjoying his company.	A boy and his dog are standing on a trampoline, enjoying each others company.
A a in wearing floaties. pool Spiderman boy	A boy in a pool wearing Spiderman floaties.
A is making horse white over show fence. a jump brown jumper a	A show jumper is making a brown horse jump over a white fence.
snow A trees. the black some in by running dog	A black dog running in the snow by some trees.
being the adult. child held of an over A head	A child being held over the head of an adult.
running brown a dog. with and a field a dog white Girl through	Girl running through a field with a brown dog and a white dog.
helmet skateboards. crouches he man in white A a while	A man in a white helmet crouches while he skateboards.
are air. A helicopter plane the and small a in	A helicopter and a small plane are in the air.
as up man his another the homeless pants in man observes distance. holds A	A homeless man holds up his pants as another man observes in the distance.
young A a stands dock water. on the wood to next child	A young child stands on a wood dock next to the water.
the a suit race. A in waits young for sits and swimmer next bathing	A young swimmer sits in a bathing suit and waits for the next race.
midair. black in and a Frisbee white A catches dog	A black and white dog catches a Frisbee in midair.
place. to Two pool at are each a talking people other	Two people are talking to each other at a pool place.
plays dunes. in bikini with a A girl the	A girl with a bikini plays in the dunes.
player hockey jersey guarding yellow a goal. is in the A	A hockey player in a yellow jersey is guarding the goal.
grinning in a crowd in a people. blue and walking is A girl shirt or	A girl in a blue shirt is grinning and walking in a crowd or people.
and trotting white dog object with falling Brown nearby. brown	Brown and white dog trotting with brown object falling nearby.
man boys and The young a trampoline. jump two on	The man and two young boys jump on a trampoline.
A a says man hungry that carries ". sign " homeless	A homeless man carries a sign that says " hungry ".
sand and the ocean the to in girl next A woman playing a little	A woman and a little girl playing in the sand next to the ocean
falcon on holds arm. man a A his	A man holds a falcon on his arm.
fight over a dogs on Two wooden bag a deck.	Two dogs fight over a bag on a wooden deck.
views of covers crowd people A newspaper in D.C. Washington	A crowd of people views newspaper covers in Washington D.C.
A dark animal colored the splashes in water.	A dark colored animal splashes in the water.
blue in a sweatshirts Two are at smiling girls large something in crowd standing and off camera.	Two girls in blue sweatshirts are standing in a large crowd and smiling at something off camera.
a snow with are field through People walking covered background. a the mountain	People are walking through a snow covered field with a mountain the background.
a A tennis dog catch up to grassy a jumps field. in ball	A dog jumps up to catch a tennis ball in a grassy field.
A boys around play younger a few fountain.	A few younger boys play around a fountain.
a boy swing. small tire A horizontal in	A small boy in a horizontal tire swing.
toy. playing with dogs an orange black Two tug-of-war are	Two black dogs are playing tug-of-war with an orange toy.
at person geyser. is a A pointing	A person is pointing at a geyser.
on sidewalk a woman standing shirt and a blue jeans a wearing black	a woman wearing a black shirt and blue jeans standing on a sidewalk
a waterfall. men Two from over hanging ropes	Two men hanging from ropes over a waterfall.
Children doing a man dance watch moves.	Children watch a man doing dance moves.
rider airborne daytime with sky is in a A the background. bike	A bike rider is airborne with a daytime sky in the background.
snow. sliding the in children Two	Two children sliding in the snow.
hair salon. permed client's dresser a is applying in a hair A on	A hair dresser is applying permed on a client's hair in a salon.
marker a a road A runs in man race. a blue in blue under shirt	A man in a blue shirt runs under a blue road marker in a race.
Two a in race. tricycles children ride	Two children ride tricycles in a race.
beads. airplane stroller Toddler shirt, with in boy large wearing	Toddler boy wearing airplane shirt, in stroller with large beads.
from A just person of shirt waterfall. wearing top yellow the jumped the a	A person wearing a yellow shirt just jumped from the top of the waterfall.
outdoors. A man poses	A man poses outdoors.
racing large on street group the bicycles a of	a large group of bicycles racing on the street
person the outfits arts a white girls sparring side. while from in watches young third Two martial	Two young girls sparring in white martial arts outfits while a third person watches from the side.
three dogs sand. are The the in standing	The three dogs are standing in the sand.
outside in the brown is running dirt. The large dog	The large brown dog is running outside in the dirt.
with lot railing people. a other young of a holding stand Some men	Some young men stand holding a railing with a lot of other people.
in kitchen boy wearing a poses headphones display	a boy wearing headphones poses in kitchen display
grinding in down park. person a in a shirt rail a skate long white a A skateboard	A person in a white shirt grinding a skateboard down a long rail in a skate park.
chasing in kids the other each Two sand.	Two kids chasing each other in the sand.
they near string. are of shown Three legs children's mess as a stand silly	Three children's legs are shown as they stand near a mess of silly string.
three The in a are wood kitchen dancing people clothing. on floor	The three people are dancing on a wood floor in kitchen clothing.
in action Seven rugby. are men playing	Seven men are in action playing rugby.
wooded his black the mouth carries brown dog precariously and long A area. stick a in in	A brown and black dog carries a precariously long stick in his mouth in the wooded area.
on A eats in front person television. sits and the a floor of	A person sits on the floor and eats in front of a television.
house toys. dogs with in Two playing a	Two dogs in a house playing with toys.
a tube. inside skating A rollerblader	A rollerblader skating inside a tube.
tackled group other of players field. player by on being Football	Football player being tackled by group of other players on field.
turned line, down. upside and holding mid-jump Waterskier almost	Waterskier holding line, mid-jump and almost turned upside down.
mountains. valley people walk snowy a through towards Three	Three people walk through a valley towards snowy mountains.
rocks. jacket set some camera a A green in on man a has up	A man in a green jacket has set up a camera on some rocks.
runs A dog outside.	A dog runs outside.
car jumps at window. dog White black someone and through	White and black dog jumps at someone through car window.
in a waterfall. of wading pool A front a through woman	A woman wading through a pool in front of a waterfall.
falling surfboard. is their off A person	A person is falling off their surfboard.
through dog runs water. shallow A	A dog runs through shallow water.
flowered pink and a a A tree to fence. picking next in child white white is	A child in white and pink is picking a white flowered tree next to a fence.
cloudy a yellow flowers skyline. woman in tight jeans A slightly and top front in and of a long-sleeved a of line	A woman in tight jeans and a long-sleeved top in front of a line of yellow flowers and a slightly cloudy skyline.
a bodyless dirt over bicycle jump performing A person ramps.	A person performing a bodyless bicycle jump over dirt ramps.
with an couple A tiger. inflatable	A couple with an inflatable tiger.
in stands of car A a cop a on busy front street.	A cop stands in front of a car on a busy street.
woman in background. man in with next shirt standing A red a a a car the black in a to shirt	A man in a red shirt standing next to a woman in a black shirt with a car in the background.
a is with and white black playing dog A white ball.	A black and white dog is playing with a white ball.
at A skate skateboarding buy a park.	A buy skateboarding at a skate park.
Two sliding children water down are slide. a	Two children are sliding down a water slide.
on snow. skis A girl in	A girl on skis in snow.
touches dog's tooth. person A a	A person touches a dog's tooth.
of circle a conversation. in people A in sitting a chairs having group	A group of people sitting in chairs in a circle having a conversation.
and busy woman brown a a bike shorts her A helmet on street. in blue rides	A woman in a blue helmet and brown shorts rides her bike on a busy street.
in holding standing a his A mouth. tire in dog sand,	A dog standing in sand, holding a tire in his mouth.
large is around. dancer slinging her The hair	The large dancer is slinging her hair around.
black into a ocean of A runs to next pile seaweed. dog the	A black dog runs into the ocean next to a pile of seaweed.
A a barn. group of outside people	A group of people outside a barn.
A and woman are surrounded sitting on a ground and the by boats. man	A man and a woman are sitting on the ground and surrounded by boats.
ball. a looking with to plastic about boy throw A skyward, a bat,	A boy with a plastic bat, looking skyward, about to throw a ball.
the black driftwood dog beach. The as runs pile he a of leaps	The black dog leaps a pile of driftwood as he runs the beach.
two children ride. amusement are The an park on	The two children are on an amusement park ride.
Three men ball field. play a in	Three men play ball in a field.
tree. front a is A skier in airborne of	A skier is airborne in front of a tree.
A in laying dog the back is grass. on golden its	A golden dog is laying on its back in the grass.
running grass Small dog black in	Small black dog running in grass
a 3 its jump competition. black clearing are A high rung in a and rider horse	A black horse and its rider are clearing a 3 rung high jump in a competition.
of paintball guns. people group with fighting body a while wearing Armour	a group of people wearing body Armour while fighting with paintball guns.
control A his man watercraft. of loses	A man loses control of his watercraft.
surfing water rough A in man	A man surfing in rough water
woman two men in with A hats socializing outside.	A woman with two men in hats socializing outside.
looking that the black emitting carrying is closely red A is a smoke. bag at man train	A man carrying a red bag is looking closely at the black train that is emitting smoke.
illuminated A night. is at boat	A boat is illuminated at night.
the at dog looking A a swan water. in	A dog looking at a swan in the water.
is baby on the stacking A beach. rocks	A baby is stacking rocks on the beach.
on an near elevator. man The shirt is his putting	The man is putting on his shirt near an elevator.
a children Adults cold for road race. weather in dressed and	Adults and children dressed for cold weather in a road race.
with his back. man another A up holding	A man holding up another with his back.
Two snow. are brown running dogs the through	Two brown dogs are running through the snow.
A trail toy dog a yellow mouth with towards his through in camera. the a nature white runs	A white dog with a yellow toy in his mouth runs through a nature trail towards the camera.
two picture ladies posing a for	two ladies posing for a picture
slide. brown down A a boy smiling goes	A smiling boy goes down a brown slide.
A porch fence wire in cowboy outfit climbs woman from behind onlookers a a over her. a with	A woman in a cowboy outfit climbs over a wire fence with onlookers from a porch behind her.
blue back. A in the down a a red pack his outfit hill on is with skiing skier	A skier in a blue outfit is skiing down the hill with a red pack on his back.
vehicle outdoors. Polaris playing a Several children on	Several children playing on a Polaris vehicle outdoors.
up the people carry their bikes hill.	people carry their bikes up the hill.
dog. a chases A dog smaller	A dog chases a smaller dog.
rocks. on both are white, wearing woman, and A man	A man and woman, both wearing white, are on rocks.
down black Woman with at sunglasses looks something.	Woman with black sunglasses looks down at something.
surrounded woodlands. stream blue by in A a SUV drives	A blue SUV drives in a stream surrounded by woodlands.
bag of tile man a a messenger with gray wall. in A front	A man with a messenger bag in front of a gray tile wall.
into jumping The ball mouth. a dog's the woman places	The woman places a ball into the jumping dog's mouth.
black tutu dressed on a in is jet-skis. Figure	Figure dressed in a black tutu is on jet-skis.
Two boys water of getting a out fountain. are drinks	Two boys are getting drinks out of a water fountain.
handlers goats in arena indoor with an in female Two dressed light-colored white.	Two light-colored female goats in an indoor arena with handlers dressed in white.
rolling with a over wave them. Someone	Someone with a wave rolling over them.
wearing man middle grey shirt a waving nursery plant a a the of in	a man wearing a grey shirt waving in the middle of a plant nursery
grass. in and brown the two white dogs Four playing two	Four dogs two brown and two white playing in the grass.
extravagant A a dress revealing a off large cloak woman taking	A woman taking off a large cloak revealing a extravagant dress
moving a really fast orange shorts man in	a man in orange shorts moving really fast
off it. ground the blue bottom with is holding of jeans the skateboard There a someone in	There is the bottom of a skateboard off the ground with someone in blue jeans holding it.
popper party woman laughing beside blowing with girl her. a Young	Young girl blowing party popper with a laughing woman beside her.
an American with hat on wearing it. is The a black woman flag	The woman is wearing a black hat with an American flag on it.
standing a on down dog a white is jacket red A it. and with laying on brown rodent	A white and brown dog is laying down on a red jacket with a rodent standing on it.
snow. the of cold playing enjoy Two the in dogs	Two dogs enjoy playing in the cold of the snow.
water. the muddy oxen through Two a pulling man	Two oxen pulling a man through the muddy water.
football halmets pads uniforms, in Children play and	Children in uniforms, pads and halmets play football
is fire. a A black brown and dog ring jumping of through	A brown and black dog is jumping through a ring of fire.
digger The player hockey in a match. takes field a	The field hockey player takes a digger in a match.
children two side animals adults looking in by side at cage. Five a standing and	Five children and two adults standing side by side looking at animals in a cage.
football bang during Two each players game. a into football other	Two football players bang into each other during a football game.
A deer a fence. jumps	A deer jumps a fence.
his policeman directing vest while traffic. whistle a wearing green mouth a has A neon in	A policeman wearing a neon green vest has a whistle in his mouth while directing traffic.
face into red go in a track. shirt at a is cart making a waiting boy while camera A the little	A little boy in a red shirt is making a face into the camera while waiting at a go cart track.
brown, white, a running dog covered in and grey A large through forest leaves. is	A large brown, white, and grey dog is running through a forest covered in leaves.
and brown with a A collar around. grassy brown on blue water and red a with surface black all stands droplets dog	A brown and black dog with a red and blue collar stands on a brown grassy surface with water droplets all around.
a on to man A holding skateboard kite a on	A man on a skateboard holding on to a kite
holding baseball A hitter falling a down. bat	A baseball hitter holding a bat falling down.
a indoor park. skate at roller-blader a an grinds rail	a roller-blader grinds a rail at an indoor skate park.
shirt orange yellow, and a boy plays in outside. blue, A	A boy in a blue, yellow, and orange shirt plays outside.
children are some sitting tree Two in branches.	Two children are sitting in some tree branches.
reads book. doorstep and at sits a A person a	A person sits at a doorstep and reads a book.
a woman customer's at table waiting A is fortune. to sitting tell a	A woman is sitting at a table waiting to tell a customer's fortune.
out a of Trash door. subway spills	Trash spills out of a subway door.
Six people pose subway. a together on the picture for	Six people pose together for a picture on the subway.
covered bicycle a a in trees. a mountain of on front man is jump with pine an aerial performing	a man is performing an aerial jump on a bicycle in front of a mountain covered with pine trees.
ball. There college player a Florida is the dribbling	There is a Florida college player dribbling the ball.
holding pants child wearing object. striped is The an	The child wearing striped pants is holding an object.
two in A ancient kids of and building. front an man standing	A man and two kids standing in front of an ancient building.
snowy riding man down A hill. a	A man riding down a snowy hill.
through riding a frame. are children on Two snow sled-like	Two children are riding through snow on a sled-like frame.
digging snow. the black through a dog	a black dog digging through the snow.
merry-go-round. taken picture her the gets girl little A on while	A little girl gets her picture taken while on the merry-go-round.
of outside woman A on and store. cement stairs sit man a	A man and woman sit on cement stairs outside of a store.
snow A the with pink a nose. sits girl small in	A small girl sits in the snow with a pink nose.
white dog A the fallen running in leaves.	A white dog running in the fallen leaves.
american young girls. with An 2 african woman	An african american woman with 2 young girls.
waterfalls. man A standing between	A man standing between waterfalls.
in the A dog runs his open mouth with surf white	A white dog runs in the surf with his mouth open
boy is sprayed by A water.	A boy is sprayed by water.
his brown a and dog across red in running white the mouth. sand with is The object	The brown and white dog is running across the sand with a red object in his mouth.
trampoline. four are a on playing children	four children are playing on a trampoline.
surf. the dogs a toy chew tug Two at in	Two dogs tug at a chew toy in the surf.
Boy woods. with leaves in playing the	Boy playing with leaves in the woods.
it. near the head next A red shore, ball shakes a dog to its	A dog shakes its head near the shore, a red ball next to it.
running dog sand. the A through	A dog running through the sand.
stand the on a people Three truck. of back	Three people stand on the back of a truck.
its A legs. small white stands on hind dog	A small white dog stands on its hind legs.
outdoor A shoes with woman event. glowing an at	A woman with glowing shoes at an outdoor event.
the two around dogs course. race	two dogs race around the course.
Dog through passes obstacles.	Dog passes through obstacles.
A a light. woman round by guitar plays	A woman plays guitar by a round light.
sitting is on rock. woman a to next who man A standing a	A woman standing next to a man who is sitting on a rock.
smaller larger sniffs A hills. in dog a the dog	A smaller dog sniffs a larger dog in the hills.
racetrack, the number yellow with followed around race 29. trucks the a number leads, and 22 number five by truck	trucks race around a racetrack, the yellow truck with the number five leads, followed by number 22 and number 29.
front chinese Men of smiles market. in	Men smiles in front of chinese market.
A stream waterfall. of the front person crosses a in	A person crosses the stream in front of a waterfall.
on bicycle. blue Man fence a jumping over rusty a	Man jumping over a rusty fence on a blue bicycle.
rock. a large top A of man silhouetted on partially	A man partially silhouetted on top of a large rock.
jumping A a lake into woman	A woman jumping into a lake
Guy on yellow wave a catching surfboard	Guy on yellow surfboard catching a wave
base downhill skier nears slope of solitary a	solitary skier nears base of a downhill slope
look children holding into woman grocery a several as The is bag it.	The woman is holding a grocery bag as several children look into it.
the walking coat hand red on Child red under of person in sidewalk holding awnings. in	Child in red holding the hand of person in red coat walking on sidewalk under awnings.
ball. player the basketball dribbles a	a basketball player dribbles the ball.
a girl young is on A beam. balance standing	A young girl is standing on a balance beam.
chain side. water other begins climb child A with to the a on over	A child begins to climb over a chain with water on the other side.
field player is soccer running A on the	A soccer player is running on the field
chases dog black the dog water. a A with stick a through brown	A black dog chases a brown dog with a stick through the water.
a mountain in dressed climbing A by all down cords is supported black man	A man dressed in all black is climbing down a mountain supported by cords
of art of an group A show at photographs people	A group of people at an art show of photographs
man surfing. A	A man surfing.
pool. boys teenage Two are into a swimming leaping	Two teenage boys are leaping into a swimming pool.
a in girl redheaded sitting seesaw. the on backyard	redheaded girl in the backyard sitting on a seesaw.
a a riding huge wave. surfer lone	a lone surfer riding a huge wave.
A biker a a woman bikes mountain up hill. with backpack	A woman mountain biker with a backpack bikes up a hill.
are canoes sitting Two lake. men in in a two	Two men in two canoes are sitting in a lake.
dog in A the black retrieves snow.	A black dog retrieves in the snow.
on look while trail the is people being a of road car both driven on. A on sides	A car is being driven on a trail while people on both sides of the road look on.
People enjoy boat. on time	People enjoy time on boat.
boy man to on a sit rocky ground, next wall. The the and	The man and boy sit on the ground, next to a rocky wall.
A blue is man a rock wearing helmet climbing.	A man wearing a blue helmet is rock climbing.
white A dog a and brown fetching toy.	A brown and white dog fetching a toy.
red at jacket the flowers. in The the child looking is	The child in the red jacket is looking at the flowers.
jumps tan A water sprinkler the in dog and through yard. black a	A tan and black dog jumps through a water sprinkler in the yard.
outfit is docks pirate boy near a A the in young	A young boy in a pirate outfit is near the docks
Two of in dogs field play snow	Two dogs play in field of snow
presentation videotaped of a is a people. being to giving woman group whilst a	a woman is being videotaped whilst giving a presentation to a group of people.
woods. sitting the girl The is in	The girl is sitting in the woods.
a at camera looks as rock climbs and look up the man others he A on.	A man looks up at the camera as he climbs a rock and others look on.
carries tennis ball a its puppy in mouth. A	A puppy carries a tennis ball in its mouth.
leaves. bursting of of pile young boy dead out A is a	A young boy is bursting out of a pile of dead leaves.
a large white stick. boy swings little The	The little boy swings a large white stick.
person standing a ridge. rocky A	A person standing a rocky ridge.
ears fluffy white in A dog breeze. the his flapping with woods through the runs	A fluffy white dog runs through the woods with his ears flapping in the breeze.
in toy dog a his The mouth. stuffed holding is	The dog is holding a stuffed toy in his mouth.
woman river. A kayaking a down	A woman kayaking down a river.
beach. girls group a on A of	A group of girls on a beach.
in play three sand. people soccer the	three people play soccer in the sand.
wave a surfboard catches guy on his A	A guy catches a wave on his surfboard
through orange dog a tunnel. runs brown a	a brown dog runs through a orange tunnel.
rider air high on skateboard. in Skateboard the jumping	Skateboard rider jumping high in the air on skateboard.
dog catch jumping ball. up a tennis A to small brown	A small brown dog jumping up to catch a tennis ball.
drips blue while onto in pool sitting water hands. Baby its plastic	Baby sitting in blue plastic pool while water drips onto its hands.
the A white dog in backyard. running	A white dog running in the backyard.
a window. food of recieve line to at group wait A men in	A group of men wait in line to recieve food at a window.
mother A a is holding child.	A mother is holding a child.
player A winds baseball up young the to ball. throw	A young baseball player winds up to throw the ball.
dandelion A a on blowing puff. girl young	A young girl blowing on a dandelion puff.
pathway. the striped on cat A is	A striped cat is on the pathway.
in dog across A running the a its snow with mouth. snowball	A dog running across the snow with a snowball in its mouth.
with a woman rows An boat Asian supplies. loaded	An Asian woman rows a boat loaded with supplies.
eyes with in camera. mouth a its toy the dog A	A dog with a toy in its mouth eyes the camera.
A on a riding a a sidewalk. group woman and people of a bicycle past car	A woman riding a bicycle past a car and a group of people on a sidewalk.
the ramp. view top at A top skateboarder of from a of the a	A view from the top of a skateboarder at the top of a ramp.
up to dog the the get hand. The Frisbee jumps man's in	The dog jumps up to get the Frisbee in the man's hand.
dog a out A tube. yellow coming of large	A dog coming out of a large yellow tube.
children, of man adults A off-camera. and group one at with something pointing	A group of adults and children, with one man pointing at something off-camera.
of a man A grinding his Rollerblades. the lip on pool	A man grinding the lip of a pool on his Rollerblades.
dog playing the grass. A in	A dog playing in the grass.
having sitting in building People drinks	People sitting in building having drinks
Little course. dog obstacle an through running	Little dog running through an obstacle course.
on rider hill bicycle. the bike A jumping his	A bike rider jumping the hill on his bicycle.
drinking orange juice while A man walking.	A man drinking orange juice while walking.
playing are Two children bars. monkey on	Two children are playing on monkey bars.
wall A a and girl young red-carpeted a black faces room. white in	A young girl faces a white and black wall in a red-carpeted room.
and a man white is A helmet mountain. shirt climbing a with	A man with a white shirt and helmet is climbing a mountain.
dog chases grass. small another One across	One small dog chases another across grass.
A cliff an up in helmet sheer person orange face. a climbs	A person in an orange helmet climbs up a sheer cliff face.
small carrying walks his a over bicycle. sign A man	A man walks over a small sign carrying his bicycle.
A a shorts red man black in lake. the on and and cliff out looks over snowy young stands shirtless	A young shirtless man in red and black shorts stands on a snowy cliff and looks out over the lake.
child one red a toy him pushes while car another in	one child in a red toy car while another pushes him
head head. rival players football to Two	Two rival football players head to head.
onto A man a platform. jumping	A man jumping onto a platform.
around holding A arms the ball. his person wrapped football has player the	A football player has his arms wrapped around the person holding the ball.
is dog A over hurdle. wet jumping a	A wet dog is jumping over a hurdle.
the carrying backpack A black red man snow. that a to backpack next is in in an stands laying orange	A man in black carrying an orange backpack stands next to a red backpack that is laying in the snow.
couple outdoors. A next a very to large mirror hands are holding	A couple are holding hands next to a very large mirror outdoors.
A the is snow. digging dog in black	A black dog is digging in the snow.
Boy crawls floor. on in camouflage	Boy in camouflage crawls on floor.
in water. boy in standing A kicks shallow shorts while	A boy in shorts kicks while standing in shallow water.
woman. in red blue with a poses a A face paint and man for picture	A man in blue and red face paint poses for a picture with a woman.
their put fingers two people of of A a group Frisbee. on	A group of people put two of their fingers on a Frisbee.
Two running, brown one dogs grey one and	Two dogs running, one brown and one grey
a A light brown dog brown to stands while up. next a person black dog stands and snarling	A person stands next to a snarling brown and black dog while a light brown dog stands up.
black back dog in tan field. on A rolls and his a	A black and tan dog rolls on his back in a field.
Two martial little practice girls arts.	Two little girls practice martial arts.
runs black black birds dog fly. field along where A a to are beginning	A black dog runs along a field where black birds are beginning to fly.
red a The is dog trying yellow to Frisbee. catch	The yellow dog is trying to catch a red Frisbee.
up hill. dog a and white grassy is brown a running	a white and brown dog is running up a grassy hill.
the i helmet and A a a is grass bike with riding person dirt.	A person with a helmet is riding a bike i the grass and dirt.
motor-cross red rider mud his with in and A through splashes rain motorcycle.	A motor-cross rider in red splashes through mud and rain with his motorcycle.
pants in the A person playing in wearing mud. orange	A person wearing orange pants in playing in the mud.
through dog swimming the water a	a dog swimming through the water
on dog teaches to a grass. a for jump the treats, woman outside	a woman teaches a dog to jump for treats, outside on the grass.
A person protective snowboard wearing gear a on snow. the air above in	A person wearing protective gear on a snowboard in the air above snow.
a brushes find. dirt and possible off woman A dust	A woman brushes dust and dirt off a possible find.
are Two clothing. heavy people wearing	Two people are wearing heavy clothing.
in a person a surfs wetsuit A wave. big	A person in a wetsuit surfs a big wave.
front in slumped building Man of	Man slumped in front of building
a on swing. A child	A child on a swing.
at waiting Bicyclists an intersection.	Bicyclists waiting at an intersection.
and two teenagers teenagers excited female Three making expressions. are facial boy	Three boy teenagers and two female teenagers are making excited facial expressions.
a throwing A with girl a wet bowing sponge.	A girl with a bowing throwing a wet sponge.
crowd of walk. a people	a crowd of people walk.
playing group while instruments A people are at of sitting table. a	A group of people are playing instruments while sitting at a table.
white running mouth. black his with dog A something in and	A black and white dog running with something in his mouth.
military line away man vehicles. A from Army a walks of	A military man walks away from a line of Army vehicles.
dressed stairs. school in on children the Many uniform sitting are same	Many school children dressed in the same uniform are sitting on stairs.
people a their bikes riding on hill. Two	Two people riding their bikes on a hill.
ice. on Two in people uniforms the hockey	Two people in hockey uniforms on the ice.
around the dogs race track. many	many dogs race around the track.
girl a shoes little A street no down with summer and lunchbox. runs a	A little girl runs down a summer street with no shoes and a lunchbox.
a on A structure snowy man over a is hill. snowboarding	A man is snowboarding over a structure on a snowy hill.
gets A squirting a while squirted child gun. water	A child gets squirted while squirting a water gun.
in the dog running brown is The water.	The brown dog is running in the water.
on bike. rock jumping is a dirt A an man orange	A man is jumping a rock on an orange dirt bike.
at takes a and girl picture a man the A are and girl while hods shoreline doll the man a the	A man and a girl are at the shoreline while the man takes a picture and the girl hods a doll
from one boy chair A young another jumping to house in his	A young boy jumping from one chair to another in his house
to little A off tee about girl baseball hit a a	A little girl about to hit a baseball off a tee
jackets A holding signs. wearing people and crowd of	A crowd of people wearing jackets and holding signs.
A a boy curly-haired jumps bed. on up	A curly-haired boy jumps up on a bed.
up onto surfer. a surfer surfboard A on is yellow water splashing another	A surfer on a yellow surfboard is splashing up water onto another surfer.
fountain. a girl A drinking from water	A girl drinking from a water fountain.
girl ball a sandy and in field. boys kick a Two a	Two boys and a girl kick a ball in a sandy field.
walking Person the in field.	Person walking in the field.
large orange drives landscape. vehicle a wheeled person through desert A on an	A person on a large wheeled vehicle drives through an orange desert landscape.
the brown orange on. with snow vest and an black dog in A lies	A brown and black dog lies in the snow with an orange vest on.
the spray family fountain. A of a playing	A family playing the spray of a fountain.
his leaning snowboard looking at against foggy of mountains while a view snowboarder	a snowboarder leaning against his snowboard while looking at view of foggy mountains
on the near runs ocean. wet sand girl little A the	A little girl runs on the wet sand near the ocean.
the chasing white. is soccer and player in blue after player A black in	A soccer player in blue is chasing after the player in black and white.
wearing female jogger red. A	A female jogger wearing red.
looks sweater and wearing it. at gray child holds a crab a A	A child wearing a gray sweater holds a crab and looks at it.
trees lake people drift Two background. small the a a in on foggy boat in with	Two people drift in a small boat on a foggy lake with trees in the background.
youth downhill Snowboarding going	Snowboarding youth going downhill
run three dogs together.	three dogs run together.
through running open A is medium an white area. wooded sized brown dog	A medium sized brown dog is running through an open white wooded area.
baby off balancing of trunks his shows swim his ability A father. help with in the	A baby in swim trunks shows off his balancing ability with the help of his father.
grass. big thin a A in of field runs dog fast	A big thin dog runs fast in a field of grass.
a on lying in is of in another row cars. the man man fatigues is front ground parked assisting A of military who	A man in military fatigues is assisting another man who is lying on the ground in front of a row of parked cars.
mess on eating the boy cereal a while and table a young making big floor	a young boy making a big mess on the floor and table while eating cereal
is a yellow water dog bottle. The drinking from	The yellow dog is drinking water from a bottle.
cap white An a jacket. woman in knitted and elderly	An elderly woman in a knitted cap and white jacket.
relaxing on pice a young machinery man legs of a his	a young man relaxing his legs on a pice of machinery
dog A a in running yard. brown	A brown dog running in a yard.
in man handgun of area. a a stop firing a A picture dark motion	A stop motion picture of a man firing a handgun in a dark area.
boy is This snowball. throwing a	This boy is throwing a snowball.
ledge others from rock look on. a A while hangs climber	A rock climber hangs from a ledge while others look on.
couple sit outdoors with umbrella A a at table talk. an of and people	A couple of people sit outdoors at a table with an umbrella and talk.
artwork at sale in the for Man skis snow on looking	Man on skis looking at artwork for sale in the snow
child he A bar. smiles metal a holds onto as happily	A child smiles happily as he holds onto a metal bar.
women down the Two walking street.	Two women walking down the street.
the into water. jump is A about boy to	A boy is about to jump into the water.
Two on people posing for a are a bicycle picture	Two people on a bicycle are posing for a picture
men shore. ride to Two an raft orange	Two men ride an orange raft to shore.
a wood. white in a walking dog path along the A and gray	A white and a gray dog walking along a path in the wood.
team of on hockey the the ice in red white and side rink. A	A hockey team in red and white on the side of the ice rink.
Two snow dogs the play in	Two dogs play in the snow
look in odd an purple woman has sweater a A on her face.	A woman in a purple sweater has an odd look on her face.
over the bar. A dog leaps	A dog leaps over the bar.
a red in to flag. A the next snow is skier	A skier is in the snow next to a red flag.
is Frisbee. dog poised black A to catch a	A black dog is poised to catch a Frisbee.
to attempting China. Two busy women street in cross a	Two women attempting to cross a busy street in China.
the blue A a onto is slide. running top dog of	A dog is running onto the top of a blue slide.
to up catch white medium A small sized is dog jumping a Frisbee. cloth	A medium sized white dog is jumping up to catch a small cloth Frisbee.
snowy skiers hill. bottom gather of the a at Snow	Snow skiers gather at the bottom of a snowy hill.
hair the his A ramps man young skateboard air. long into with	A young man with long hair ramps his skateboard into the air.
yellow through white a tunnel an course. large in obstacle grey and A runs dog	A large white and grey dog runs through a yellow tunnel in an obstacle course.
a a her. and leotard out to a little is beam pink along hand support walking in whilst stretched is girl a person's blue	a little girl in a blue and pink leotard is walking along a beam whilst a person's hand is stretched out to support her.
bike. of a riding a blurry woman A picture	A blurry picture of a woman riding a bike.
run the lagoon. towards children Two	Two children run towards the lagoon.
a standing yellow Two swing swing set boys up on	Two boys swing standing up on a yellow swing set
a sweater red is child couch a in painting. on child in a blue under a an with clothes orange white playing	a child in an orange sweater is playing with a child in blue clothes on a white couch under a red painting.
chew and dog catches A jumps a toy.	A dog jumps and catches a chew toy.
players around goalie. a Hockey	Hockey players around a goalie.
running dogs in are Two water. around the	Two dogs are running around in the water.
pond. near Several people a are standing fish	Several people are standing near a fish pond.
by standing neon in walk jacket on while green and hat sidewalk people Person	Person in neon green jacket and hat standing on sidewalk while people walk by
a green tray. Asian serving is drinks in girl a on An hat apron and	An Asian girl in a green hat and apron is serving drinks on a tray.
on A climbs toddler a white boy dog. sleeping big	A boy toddler climbs on a big white sleeping dog.
are through white some dogs running woodland. two	two white dogs are running through some woodland.
man a yellow bike. trick the in his shirt wearing is air doing high A with a	A man wearing a yellow shirt is doing a trick high in the air with his bike.
A in red girl suit bathing is in the young pool.	A young girl in red bathing suit is in the pool.
street. and vehicles a on crowded Some people	Some people and vehicles on a crowded street.
hurdle. dog large jumping a grey A over is white	A large grey dog is jumping over a white hurdle.
person wave. a A surfing	A person surfing a wave.
corner. a motorcyclist takes A	A motorcyclist takes a corner.
lot a lawn a playing on and Kids flag nearby. with parking	Kids playing on a lawn with a flag and parking lot nearby.
down A yellow little girl a twisty slide. slides	A little girl slides down a twisty yellow slide.
a up Boys a building. towards road brick running stone	Boys running up a stone road towards a brick building.
neon in play young soccer Three colors children man while watches	Three children in neon colors play soccer while young man watches
covering a pavement feet. face person's near A red with man rests his a the on dark shirt	A man with a dark red shirt covering his face rests on the pavement near a person's feet.
getting bathtub puppies are water Three with sprayed showerhead. in a a from	Three puppies are in a bathtub getting sprayed with water from a showerhead.
another A his is block player player shot. while trying basketball to shooting	A basketball player shooting while another player is trying to block his shot.
downhill sun A in the above shines clear hillside a down snowy the as skier races sky.	A downhill skier races down the snowy hillside as the sun shines above in a clear sky.
running grass. is dog very black white A fast through and large the	A large white and black dog is running very fast through the grass.
A ball a is on with grass. playing the dog	A dog is playing with a ball on the grass.
rock in A woman jeans climbing.	A woman in jeans rock climbing.
man with on stage arms a walks wearing vest A up. a shirtless his	A shirtless man wearing a vest walks on a stage with his arms up.
A watching boy is merry-go-round. little a	A little boy is watching a merry-go-round.
road. a Men race on their bikes	Men race their bikes on a road.
a haired smiles in in and white water. three she as pink inch young girl deep A dark swimsuit lies	A young dark haired girl in a pink and white swimsuit smiles as she lies in three inch deep water.
next his jeep. man black A to	A man next to his black jeep.
pants climbing rock. black Girl in smooth	Girl in black pants climbing smooth rock.
female. a sidewalk, carrying People a with walking on one	People walking on a sidewalk, with one carrying a female.
dog near a the cottage. through runs A woods	A dog runs through the woods near a cottage.
in little stream. A man in shorts young a fishes	A young man in little shorts fishes in a stream.
wheelbarrow. in front runs a girl of A	A girl runs in front of a wheelbarrow.
helemt baseball wearing shirt a young a bat swinging and yellow man a	a young man wearing a yellow shirt and baseball helemt swinging a bat
girl over head a in A her a grey in shirt hands her puts gesture.	A girl in a grey shirt puts her hands over her head in a gesture.
paddles in with team propel of rowers forward water. boat A the their their	A team of rowers propel their boat forward with their paddles in the water.
bicycle on Woman blue helmet wearing	Woman on blue bicycle wearing helmet
tan mouth. big runs A big a in his stick on with dog grass	A big tan dog runs on grass with a big stick in his mouth.
seat sitting The begin. girl waiting for on swing the the ride young is to carnival	The young girl is sitting on the swing seat waiting for the carnival ride to begin.
wrestlers are Two sumo fighting in ring. a	Two sumo wrestlers are fighting in a ring.
A red another the in man arm around a is street. tying band mans arm	A man is tying a red arm band around another mans arm in the street.
at on blocks hand near in Boy blue table. looking of stack someone's shirt	Boy in blue shirt looking at someone's hand near stack of blocks on table.
one on hand is with crowded smiling A a forehead bar. his at man	A man is smiling with one hand on his forehead at a crowded bar.
a baby the window train woman young of a a holding inside	a woman holding a young baby inside the window of a train
with A mouth yard. its dog white and across walks dog a in blue grassy a toy black	A black and white dog with a blue dog toy in its mouth walks across a grassy yard.
air large white dog jumping in over a is the A snowy area.	A large white dog is jumping in the air over a snowy area.
A food a woman near walking restaurant. fast	A woman walking near a fast food restaurant.
attempts while basketball effort ball player's grimaces woman her. with A to holding player arm another the block	A woman basketball player holding the ball grimaces with effort while another player's arm attempts to block her.
runs dog sand. on the white A	A white dog runs on the sand.
sitting A grass. on dog	A dog sitting on grass.
hind dog catch ball its to its mouth. stands a in A legs on	A dog stands on its hind legs to catch a ball in its mouth.
a city. A in busy man takes the nap a on sidewalk	A man takes a nap on the sidewalk in a busy city.
high-five sports. Two to prepare children while in water participating	Two children prepare to high-five while participating in water sports.
and brown sweatsuit brown together. woman a a walk blue A and man jacket a in wearing boots	A man in a blue sweatsuit and a woman wearing a brown jacket and brown boots walk together.
blower a garden. using A leaf man in a	A man using a leaf blower in a garden.
by outlined sun the A person	A person outlined by the sun
boy young fishes. A	A young boy fishes.
jacket lady a a photo asian An taking in red	An asian lady in a red jacket taking a photo
a course. dog A on around obstacles runs multicolored	A multicolored dog runs around obstacles on a course.
a up a refrigerator snowbank. skier goes A in	A skier goes up a refrigerator in a snowbank.
off jumps into child pool. a A a set swing swimming	A child jumps off a swing set into a swimming pool.
with field Dog running in jacket pink	Dog with pink jacket running in field
softball a teams playing game Two	Two teams playing a softball game
a dark man full traffic. is cycling in street of skinned A	A dark skinned man is cycling in a street full of traffic.
while ears plugging the two subway. of The men of their are the heads riding backs that	The backs of the heads of two men that are plugging their ears while riding the subway.
race start a of twilight. the crowd drag at A watches	A crowd watches the start of a drag race at twilight.
A of a a woman flower in small front poses girl bush. with	A woman poses with a small girl in front of a flower bush.
boy young runs. A	A young boy runs.
on seats. a red a bat a front of with A logo dressed sweatshirt boy in stadium holds small in it, black blue	A small boy dressed in a black sweatshirt with a logo on it, holds a red bat in front of blue stadium seats.
hand pavement. on is standing boy the A on one	A boy is standing on one hand on the pavement.
another he A player pushes catches as the ball. soccer player	A soccer player pushes another player as he catches the ball.
players basketball a control ball. of Two over fighting	Two basketball players fighting over control of a ball.
a dogs Two snow. yellow small dog walk and through	Two yellow dogs and a small dog walk through snow.
stands cap man a a a A in flag crosswalk in in city. with crowded ball a	A man in a ball cap stands in a crosswalk with a flag in a crowded city.
down. head poses her girl with upside A	A girl poses with her head upside down.
black climbing a on dog The rock. is	The black dog is climbing on a rock.
a man and woman a The wears hat white with a blonde woman. black haired and poses	The man wears a white hat and poses with a blonde woman and a black haired woman.
Older by walk while people her. down sitting two woman asian	Older asian woman sitting down while two people walk by her.
snowboarding. in Two midair persons	Two persons in midair snowboarding.
body large water. a people of Two on kept path well overlooks a stone sit that	Two people sit on a well kept stone path that overlooks a large body of water.
bikini, towel the a laying hat a girl and on black white glasses A in beach. on	A girl in a bikini, glasses and black hat laying on a white towel on the beach.
Two outside on grass. green dogs	Two dogs outside on green grass.
on players field a Soccer from a distance.	Soccer players on a field from a distance.
formations in above. rock the with Interesting landscape, stars desert	Interesting rock formations in the desert landscape, with stars above.
on woman park arm watches him. a man bench gestures An and overweight makes a	An overweight man makes arm gestures on a park bench and a woman watches him.
marshy dog A wading into brown a pond.	A brown dog wading into a marshy pond.
an spraying A orange water. man safety suit in	A man in an orange safety suit spraying water.
bright field green air. high a the a little kicked A in ball boy soccer very in has	A little boy in a bright green field has kicked a soccer ball very high in the air.
black carrying legs. a between woman small dog A her	A woman carrying a small black dog between her legs.
in on walks tightrope. A man swimsuit a a	A man in a swimsuit walks on a tightrope.
his stands surfboard A the man in with sand.	A man with his surfboard stands in the sand.
black dog Brown snow. chasing dog through	Brown dog chasing black dog through snow.
Boy in gear outstretched winter arms. on with snow stands	Boy in winter gear stands on snow with outstretched arms.
water. a on in man A a surfboard trick the performs	A man performs a trick on a surfboard in the water.
everyone to a football player while speaking watches. coach A	A coach speaking to a football player while everyone watches.
in men at Two sit drinking a beer. table sunglasses	Two men in sunglasses sit at a table drinking beer.
laying black is small side. A dog over his standing a white dog small on	A small black dog is standing over a small white dog laying on his side.
a wave. person A on the crest parasails of	A person parasails on the crest of a wave.
racing track. motorcycles Two on are men at a	Two men on motorcycles are racing at a track.
distant long a a in costume. jogs in A man robot race	A man jogs in a long distant race in a robot costume.
with on A Man a fishing standing pole beach. a	A Man with a fishing pole standing on a beach.
plays a A colorful goggles in in child pool.	A child in colorful goggles plays in a pool.
near a stands A sign. man protest holding a crowd	A man stands near a crowd holding a protest sign.
the man swimming young boy a a towards in in jumps pool water. bald A	A young boy jumps in a swimming pool towards a bald man in the water.
rope between A a traverses climber ladder cliffs.	A climber traverses a rope ladder between cliffs.
in talk of adults people, upset. young woman looks Three a crowd the	Three young adults talk in a crowd of people, the woman looks upset.
into children four the pool. jump	four children jump into the pool.
A an dog carrying ball the orange and out coming black of water. white	A black and white dog carrying an orange ball coming out of the water.
hand. a in fire man park sticks three his is A in with	A man is in a park with three fire sticks in his hand.
A pillows dog on bed, orange the behind. white biting an cat	A white dog biting an orange cat on the bed, pillows behind.
white red football and holding both player hands up. in is A	A football player in red and white is holding both hands up.
board into boy a the with boogie young running water A	A young boy running with a boogie board into the water
dog's a has hands person A or mouth. her his in	A person has his or her hands in a dog's mouth.
man A stunt his doing outside a bike is on	A man is doing a stunt outside on his bike
dark walking large, is dog the colored through snow. The	The large, dark colored dog is walking through the snow.
of on the side A dog cliff. a stands grassy	A dog stands on the side of a grassy cliff.
a posing in Four a photo people of for front pond.	Four people posing for a photo in front of a pond.
A midair in skier	A skier in midair
biker riding forest. A in a	A biker riding in a forest.
make Two faces. boys	Two boys make faces.
a with child shirt on green bed The is smiling a	The child with a green shirt is on a bed smiling
blue for football white player a tackle. a player in in grabs A football	A football player in blue grabs a football player in white for a tackle.
his with A into curve leaning a motorcycle motorcyclist is	A motorcyclist is leaning into a curve with his motorcycle
dog knotted Orange rag white on with grass.	Orange dog with knotted white rag on grass.
surfing. wetsuit man A a in	A man in a wetsuit surfing.
hands. their people raise	people raise their hands.
into high girl A rides young sky. a blue swing the	A young girl rides a swing high into the blue sky.
A black baked is eating a two near men. elderly man good in	A man in black is eating a baked good near two elderly men.
runs outdoor A swimming dog an around black pool.	A black dog runs around an outdoor swimming pool.
is to a carring man mule trees. cart some next in a A palm	A mule is carring a man in a cart next to some palm trees.
his on foot sniffs that puppy a A is human face. resting	A puppy sniffs a human foot that is resting on his face.
brush hillside trekking across with a are hikers deep spots. sloping Two in	Two hikers are trekking across a sloping hillside with deep brush in spots.
A the crouches goalie ice. hockey on	A hockey goalie crouches on the ice.
long Woman skirt town in a square. in	Woman in long skirt in a town square.
A something. dog pulls on black	A black dog pulls on something.
lipstick covered waving a man flag. kisses in red shirtless blue A	A shirtless man covered in red lipstick kisses waving a blue flag.
poling in hat stuff water of with boatload face and pointed covered scarf Person through green	Person in pointed hat and face covered with green scarf poling boatload of stuff through water
with Boy headscarf, patch and boats background. eye in	Boy with eye patch and headscarf, boats in background.
overlooking stands town. something a railing reads by and man a A	A man stands and reads something by a railing overlooking a town.
mobile shop game phone next are the video to store. door talking outside the of people Two	Two people are talking outside of the video game shop next door to the mobile phone store.
trundles very A wide very track. the roller coaster down	A very very wide roller coaster trundles down the track.
with sweatshirt neclace, Gonzaga and a young stands hair red beaded A woman wearing smiling. light brown a earrings	A young woman with light brown hair wearing a red beaded neclace, a Gonzaga sweatshirt and earrings stands smiling.
foreground woman with in skimpy scene Beach young bikini in top	Beach scene with young woman in skimpy bikini top in foreground
car up speeding The race hill. is the	The race car is speeding up the hill.
down child red hill. in a slides A snowy parka a	A child in a red parka slides down a snowy hill.
is man shirt A with no climbing. rock on	A man with no shirt on is rock climbing.
watches. a boy crowd brake A dancing is as	A boy is brake dancing as a crowd watches.
dog white grass. brown and the The running through is	The white and brown dog is running through the grass.
the blue sled. orange a snow A child poses in in riding	A child in orange poses in the snow riding a blue sled.
a boy The into jumping lake. is	The boy is jumping into a lake.
little running shirt sleeved outside. in The and shorts, boy, a short is	The little boy, in a short sleeved shirt and shorts, is running outside.
cement through crawling Boy a tunnel.	Boy crawling through a cement tunnel.
flip in red playground girl dressed equipment. A small onto flops wearing climbing yellow	A small girl dressed in yellow wearing flip flops climbing onto red playground equipment.
play tan in grass the dogs two	two tan dogs play in the grass
is the dog white running through snow. A	A white dog is running through the snow.
The man child swimming. and are	The man and child are swimming.
in outstretched. is with ocean standing his the boy A arms	A boy is standing in the ocean with his arms outstretched.
across Five black dogs running grass. the	Five black dogs running across the grass.
are young and area. together girl women in one crowded a Two	Two women and one young girl are together in a crowded area.
pulls smoking. track A car red the off race	A red race car pulls off the track smoking.
a park men young Two are large a house. skateboarding at near	Two young men are skateboarding at a park near a large house.
is to sandy swimsuit wooden little a fence A girl a walking along blue next a beach. in	A little girl in a blue swimsuit is walking along a wooden fence next to a sandy beach.
are A at jump catch to dog watching up with a a looking it. people under high large the dog up man standing of crowd sitting a Frisbee	A large crowd of people are sitting watching a dog jump high up to catch a Frisbee with a man standing under the dog looking up at it.
There water. beige is running and through white dog a	There is a beige and white dog running through water.
a on girl tongue sticks her out bench. A	A girl sticks out her tongue on a bench.
Man at for a storm in jumping beach. rain the joy	Man jumping for joy in a rain storm at the beach.
man slips a zipping dirt a ground third to A in while looks away another the a on bike man jacket yellow and one on.	A man on a dirt bike zipping away while another one slips to the ground and a third man in a yellow jacket looks on.
player player other team. by dribbles a A green from defended highschool team from court the down white and the	A player from the white and green highschool team dribbles down court defended by a player from the other team.
blue by a vest a dog woman A black skirt, ball in and beige up for shirt held jumping	A dog jumping up for a ball held by a woman in black skirt, beige vest and blue shirt
blue t-shirt rock man shorts white is sheer climbing a A in face up and a	A man in a white t-shirt and blue shorts is rock climbing up a sheer face
off water. A and brown white shakes dog	A white and brown dog shakes off water.
of the off A distance. track a long a group curving view of people with railroad in	A long view of a curving railroad track with a group of people off in the distance.
white is fluffy outside. A dog	A fluffy white dog is outside.
next house. running Three to large a dogs quickly	Three large dogs running quickly next to a house.
dog beach at the gold A and air. in tennis is the is on the ball looking	A gold dog is on the beach and is looking at the tennis ball in the air.
camera. smiles for the wearing sunglasses girl a	a girl wearing sunglasses smiles for the camera.
ball player. catcher to after get ready hug pitcher a out and striking A	A pitcher and catcher get ready to hug after striking out a ball player.
A with dog bottle. through white the snow Mountain-Dew a runs	A white dog runs through the snow with a Mountain-Dew bottle.
Two in are the ring and a to the about wrestlers hit professional air in floor. female	Two female professional wrestlers are in a ring in the air and about to hit the floor.
orange vests raft a in on black sitting in life kids	kids in orange life vests on sitting in a black raft
and A an green door with next building. expansive a balloon to man is young star standing	A young man with a green star balloon is standing next to an expansive door and building.
little grass. big a black a brown and head A is dog's in over green of white dog field leaping	A little white and black dog is leaping over a big brown dog's head in a field of green grass.
and beach. A are the with on little pebbles little boy girl playing a	A little boy and a little girl are playing with pebbles on the beach.
higher, progressively one are the other. behind of posed, This group people	This group of people are posed, progressively higher, one behind the other.
in bus dooorway the a man onward. of A looking	A man in the dooorway of a bus looking onward.
A a on sized medium dog beach	A medium sized dog on a beach
is on A the a Mambo blue word with man wearing it. shirt	A man is wearing a blue shirt with the word Mambo on it.
with all this men basketball and jerseys green both jumping. are red In teams picture from	In this picture all men from both basketball teams with red and green jerseys are jumping.
a A dog log. white over jumps	A white dog jumps over a log.
a tattoos, sitting guy A on couch. with	A guy with tattoos, sitting on a couch.
A at a young woman gun a target. shoots	A young woman shoots a gun at a target.
a movie. from promotional Two women a hold poster	Two women hold a promotional poster from a movie.
in A a dim room. people group of	A group of people in a dim room.
girl fluffy little is her cat. white, petting A	A little girl is petting her white, fluffy cat.
the black children snow. a in Two out are dog playing and	Two children and a black dog are playing out in the snow.
group leaning against a row wall. in a children young standing a of	a group of young children standing in a row leaning against a wall.
are of frame metal group over holding a a people floor. wooden a	a group of people are holding a metal frame over a wooden floor.
while woman another couch man and on a A woman hug smiles.	A man and woman hug on a couch while another woman smiles.
of woman towards in crosswalk pink a group cruisship. a across a dresses walking	a group of woman in pink dresses walking across a crosswalk towards a cruisship.
boy on a his grinds across bar A skateboard. teenage	A teenage boy grinds across a bar on his skateboard.
his dog on is and canal the A a water. walking along reflection	A dog walking along a canal and his reflection is on the water.
water. tub in sitting large is baby smiling a A plastic of	A smiling baby is sitting in a large plastic tub of water.
in taking a woman A picture. plaid a outfit curly haired	A curly haired woman in a plaid outfit taking a picture.
along person knit cap a seidwalk riding of in outside a wearing a building. a a wheelchair	a person wearing a knit cap riding in a wheelchair along a seidwalk outside of a building.
chair. dog and on fighting are cat a A	A dog and cat are fighting on a chair.
in a run one toy red black dog's dogs with snow the through Two mouth.	Two black dogs run through the snow with a red toy in one dog's mouth.
other Two each with the building on a them. posing are next traffic of to steps behind guys	Two guys are posing next to each other on the steps of a building with traffic behind them.
desert. A biker in the dirt	A dirt biker in the desert.
shorts behind in net. red man A jumps volleyball a	A man in red shorts jumps behind a volleyball net.
dog a biting twig. is A	A dog is biting a twig.
a people walking A square red large wall with city and about.	A city square with a large red wall and people walking about.
are balls. inflatable children hopping Two on	Two children are hopping on inflatable balls.
a with ball. play dogs red run and The	The dogs run and play with a red ball.
jacket white front hamburgers. the sidewalk is a in with a of woman walking black and advertising pants A banner down	A woman with a white jacket and black pants is walking down the sidewalk in front of a banner advertising hamburgers.
watches while someone jumps pool a side. A dog from the into	A dog jumps into a pool while someone watches from the side.
the and brown large dog dog. jumping towards white is white and The small brown	The large brown and white dog is jumping towards the small brown and white dog.
of gathered people A together. group are	A group of people are gathered together.
other dogs the are biting Two each in snow.	Two dogs are biting each other in the snow.
football away a is A yellow player. jersey another player in pushing	A football player in a yellow jersey is pushing away another player.
undone is shirt stretching in air. arm his The boy the his with	The boy with his shirt undone is stretching his arm in the air.
coat in tricycle. riding girl and hat A is young a blue	A young girl in blue hat and coat is riding a tricycle.
safety wall harness A with man rock a on is climbing a steep	A man is climbing a steep rock wall with a safety harness on
Several white boat. people on a are	Several people are on a white boat.
walks shallow in Orange water. dog	Orange dog walks in shallow water.
white dressed is while in a wave a helps toddler him A little flag. lady smiling	A little toddler dressed in white is smiling while a lady helps him wave a flag.
person in lake unknown a or is An animal swimming setting. natural	An unknown animal or person is swimming in a natural lake setting.
the White dog in playing snow.	White dog playing in the snow.
at dog a white A mouthing brown dog.	A brown dog mouthing at a white dog.
while shows with tongue off his man girl. ring a posing A	A man shows off his tongue ring while posing with a girl.
a and hurdle. white A jumping over black dog is	A black and white dog is jumping over a hurdle.
person red of squatting A backpack a dock. at the with a end	A person with a red backpack squatting at the end of a dock.
at on playing boys wheel Four a inertia park. the	Four boys playing on the inertia wheel at a park.
looking out person with a yellow is across shirt neon beach. hair A pink and	A person with neon pink hair and yellow shirt is looking out across a beach.
kids blocks a during kid game other the A soccer as goal background. a stand in	A kid blocks a goal during a soccer game as other kids stand in the background.
of end brick pairs an the of legs walk alley between Two buildings. two past	Two pairs of legs walk past the end of an alley between two brick buildings.
young rainbow. girl a of A front in	A young girl in front of a rainbow.
in together bathrobe tied arms threshold. A its a a with man crosses	A man in a bathrobe with its arms tied together crosses a threshold.
in in blond Speedo the bikini a a man and walk beach. curvy a at muscular A together	A muscular man in a Speedo and a curvy blond in a bikini walk together at the beach.
quickly through are a park. dogs Two running	Two dogs are running quickly through a park.
the a sled pulling Dogs are snow. across	Dogs are pulling a sled across the snow.
pedestrians. red past on A rides several a man bicycle	A man on a red bicycle rides past several pedestrians.
them. an Photo inside of people sitting with place of a chairs in and	Photo of an inside of a place with chairs and people sitting in them.
a a ride. riding is carnival girl little There	There is a little girl riding a carnival ride.
boarding. A man water	A man water boarding.
in A and a woman and white coat black earmuffs.	A woman in a black and white coat and earmuffs.
dog water. retrieving A the in	A dog retrieving in the water.
monster and black truck the through green air. flying A	A black and green monster truck flying through the air.
coat a standing woman in A green phone. a is near pay	A woman in a green coat is standing near a pay phone.
field. a in are lambs Three	Three lambs are in a field.
bag black a brown grass. dogs through and plastic chasing the two	two brown and black dogs chasing a plastic bag through the grass.
Indian speaks headgear wearing	Indian wearing headgear speaks
boy a alongside on red running bicycle. young a A man young	A young man running alongside a young boy on a red bicycle.
white dog black and A spotted splashes water. the in	A spotted black and white dog splashes in the water.
blue protest. with Girl a shirt at	Girl with blue shirt at a protest.
A dog with in red a its mouth. toy	A dog with a red toy in its mouth.
Little adult the ignoring procession on girls current going	Little girls ignoring the current adult procession going on
through dog runs A water. muddy	A dog runs through muddy water.
milkbone catching in dog mouth his a A white	A white dog catching a milkbone in his mouth
plays white with dog a near catch wooden A a ball fence.	A dog plays catch with a white ball near a wooden fence.
A ramp. skateboard uses skateboarder a	A skateboarder uses a skateboard ramp.
their young men past coach sprinting Three outside.	Three young men sprinting past their coach outside.
dog and Woman off cooling fountain at	Woman and dog cooling off at fountain
dive people headfirst water. the Two into	Two people dive headfirst into the water.
toy from is small another small boy taking child. a A car black	A small boy is taking a black toy car from another small child.
looking in at display. mannequins is headless store A dressed, a woman	A woman is looking at dressed, headless mannequins in a store display.
striped dogs outside them. are a front of sweaters with two The snow in in toy in red the	The two dogs in striped sweaters are outside in the snow with a red toy in front of them.
ball. jean boy the kicks little shorts The soccer in	The little boy in jean shorts kicks the soccer ball.
flag. red A skier a by slaloms	A skier slaloms by a red flag.
Airborne a in , of skateboarder crowd front	Airborne skateboarder in front of a crowd ,
dress carrying A red in is girl shopping little bags. a	A little girl in a red dress is carrying shopping bags.
little jumping is armbands into girl pool with the inflatable A	A little girl with inflatable armbands is jumping into the pool
on street racing down skateboards. helmets in the People	People in helmets racing down the street on skateboards.
on motorcycle. a track, without motorcycle racers his one Two	Two motorcycle racers on a track, one without his motorcycle.
sitting to outise back area. back office an women Two	Two women sitting back to back outise an office area.
a The black is bike. on man and white	The man is on a black and white bike.
kayak green two river are on with along trees paddling a either man a side.	two man are paddling a kayak along a river with green trees on either side.
woman A a child in bed. small laying and	A woman and a small child laying in bed.
do on the Groucho Marx face Sombody of button. a walk walk n't stuck has	Sombody has stuck the face of Groucho Marx on a walk do n't walk button.
man with wall a red without climbs rock A rope. help shirt from a a	A man without a shirt climbs a rock wall with help from a red rope.
man a white denim up. a gives with A and beard thumbs hat	A man with a denim hat and white beard gives a thumbs up.
at Indian a black looking stands in people An to other. two each talking her arms crossed shirt woman with other	An Indian woman in a black shirt stands with her arms crossed looking at two other people talking to each other.
green jeans The blue a shirt free and man carrying is wearing hugs and sign. a	The man is wearing a green shirt and blue jeans and carrying a free hugs sign.
A it. head front from green of dog away wearing turning its object in straps Husky the is	A Husky dog wearing green straps is turning its head away from the object in front of it.
young is boy tube. a through white crawling A	A young boy is crawling through a white tube.
holding in jumping bird a fence. mouth, A dog, its a	A dog, holding a bird in its mouth, jumping a fence.
waist in hoop diners. performs black front in A hula of around her a dressed woman with	A woman dressed in black with a hula hoop around her waist performs in front of diners.
through running is A cape dog wearing a snow. the	A dog wearing a cape is running through the snow.
at looking woman at man A looking water. a	A man looking at a woman looking at water.
a is sitting couple rock valley. on a The overlooking	The couple is sitting on a rock overlooking a valley.
mountain huge climber with in mountains a snowcapped the several background. lone a on	a lone climber on a snowcapped mountain with several huge mountains in the background.
BMX person a riding is a This clifftop. on bike	This person is riding a BMX bike on a clifftop.
the on silhouetted by the beach children Two setting sun.	Two children on the beach silhouetted by the setting sun.
dog gravel brown Two road dogs while a watches. along run another	Two brown dogs run along a gravel road while another dog watches.
in a red holding fingers. jacket A child up two	A child in a red jacket holding up two fingers.
on a street A city a SAMSUNG past banner. advertisement runner jogging	A runner jogging on a city street past a SAMSUNG advertisement banner.
a shirt cliff. rocky is man in There a a climbing light	There is a man in a light shirt climbing a rocky cliff.
protection. eye Girls wearing sports and uniforms	Girls wearing sports uniforms and eye protection.
golden with another one Two dogs playing	Two golden dogs playing with one another
through the grass. white dog and a crazily running brown	a brown and white dog running crazily through the grass.
supports a A child toddler in underwater pool. a	A child supports a toddler underwater in a pool.
fly through tennis white and A air. brown of dogs balls in the front a building wooden stands while	A brown and white dogs stands in front of a wooden building while tennis balls fly through the air.
red woman a in cellphone. shirt A a holding	A woman in a red shirt holding a cellphone.
dog his on a leash. tugs red	a dog tugs on his red leash.
retriever out in golden its water stick is of A carrying mouth. a the coming	A golden retriever is coming out of the water carrying a stick in its mouth.
A in man jacket skiing. a red is	A man in a red jacket is skiing.
bowler winds cricket up. A	A cricket bowler winds up.
and father infant at A a pool. enjoying themselves son	A father and infant son enjoying themselves at a pool.
wearing woman a A pearl necklace.	A woman wearing a pearl necklace.
up a from a a having in in air big jump is taken snowboarder the tournament. off	a snowboarder is up in the air having taken off from a big jump in a tournament.
girl A sequined shirt in a smiles.	A girl in a sequined shirt smiles.
A pink dog a Frisbee. catches	A dog catches a pink Frisbee.
the browsing is woman magazine stand. The	The woman is browsing the magazine stand.
band man a kiss plays woman a A on while and dance-floor	A man and woman kiss on a dance-floor while a band plays
rugby to trying Three ball players the catch	Three rugby players trying to catch the ball
running A brown an light dog obstacle through course.	A light brown dog running through an obstacle course.
white boots beach. a white girl from water away on the toward in a A dress and walks	A girl in a white dress walks toward the water and away from white boots on a beach.
white, A field. brown a and black, dog in runs	A white, black, and brown dog runs in a field.
court. green shirts players along running the team wearing two	two team players wearing green shirts running along the court.
has the a top slide. to climbed A of boy	A boy has climbed to the top of a slide.
chart dirty overfilled looking front a standing of grocery man in red an	a dirty looking man standing in front of an overfilled red grocery chart
in closeup a mouth. a with small ball of his dog holey a photo	a closeup photo of a small dog with a holey ball in his mouth.
giving yellow scubba the a mask young wearing up a thumbs boy	a young boy wearing a yellow scubba mask giving the thumbs up
Frisbee. black catches dog a	a dog catches black Frisbee.
a man A performs skateboard trick.	A man performs a skateboard trick.
two beach a on playing dogs sandy	two dogs playing on a sandy beach
mossy A side of wall. waterfall down the rock beautiful a flows	A beautiful waterfall flows down the side of a mossy rock wall.
A her. to woman no bikini shirt is a man with a in top and on the talking bench is	A woman in a bikini top is on the bench and a man with no shirt is talking to her.
yellow while at cat. his staring A plays man his guitar	A man plays his yellow guitar while staring at his cat.
in bikes their the little Two riding street. boys	Two little boys riding their bikes in the street.
A grassy a returns a cylinder its in Labrador mouth. in black retriever white nubby field with	A black Labrador retriever in a grassy field returns with a white nubby cylinder in its mouth.
into Boy life jumping water jacket with	Boy with life jacket jumping into water
uniforms. little in soccer boys leads three woman A	A woman leads three little boys in soccer uniforms.
A blurry is in man of a another a the sidewalk standing background foreground. on in image man the with	A man is standing on a sidewalk in the background with a blurry image of another man in the foreground.
woman in black. dressed A	A woman dressed in black.
skateboard does ramp. trick a A man on a on a	A man on a skateboard does a trick on a ramp.
kitchen Four a in people	Four people in a kitchen
playing field players a the game two of trams on soccer	two trams of soccer players playing a game on the field
orange running retriever wearing on short an outfit. grass A golden	A golden retriever running on short grass wearing an orange outfit.
the white, are and and jumping. There is two dogs, one black black	There are two dogs, black and white, and the black one is jumping.
People, costumes, and a dogs on in some dressed snowy mountain.	People, some dressed in costumes, and dogs on a snowy mountain.
a man walks in street A	A man walks in a street
with playing colorful a dog dog toy. A blond	A blond dog playing with a colorful dog toy.
young his and dog man sitting petting a	a young man sitting and petting his dog
the fire two left to face other and him. person A people on runs	A person on fire runs to the left and two other people face him.
city on three up girls street dancing dressed	three girls dressed up dancing on city street
black open with its grassy is field. running dog mouth across a a	a black dog is running with its mouth open across a grassy field.
at walk Two sunset. people	Two people walk at sunset.
are People from sitting the on an ground. village African	People from an African village are sitting on the ground.
The on white truck is the large stuck rocks.	The white truck is stuck on the large rocks.
hill. snow children Four covered up a climbing	Four children climbing up a snow covered hill.
looking the snow. small at A is in boy footprints	A small boy is looking at footprints in the snow.
in eagle on a for An coming landing beach. is the	An eagle is coming in for a landing on the beach.
boy on in A a midair bicycle	A boy on a bicycle in midair
members a diamond. team of across baseball Twelve walk the	Twelve members of a baseball team walk across the diamond.
woman young the on beach smiling three	three young woman smiling on the beach
on child plays dirt. the A	A child plays on the dirt.
is the green snowboard in in a air. pants white on Someone	Someone in green pants is on a white snowboard in the air.
a in sits chair An wear winter and elderly coat. a and woman hat	An elderly woman sits in a chair and wear a winter hat and coat.
A a large at girl sits fountain. outside	A girl sits outside at a large fountain.
green is dog a through A running yard.	A dog is running through a green yard.
himself in middle wave the a and catches A of catches a fall. big surfer	A surfer catches a big wave and catches himself in the middle of a fall.
and gold in posing. purple outfits women dance are Two	Two women in purple and gold dance outfits are posing.
a and sunglasses on park a a A book hat reads bench. in man	A man in a hat and sunglasses reads a book on a park bench.
surfing A on a person wave. large is	A person is surfing on a large wave.
Man onto the out ocean. while hangs rock in	Man hangs onto rock while out in the ocean.
a graffiti stone green with a skateboard shirt on A boy a wall in on	A boy in a green shirt on a skateboard on a stone wall with graffiti
a looking Dog a on stone wall leash over	Dog on a leash looking over a stone wall
small Five rice men plates of home restaurant from a getting are	Five men are getting plates of rice from a small home restaurant
in jumping sitting one trampoline, pink and girls one on Two	Two girls in pink on trampoline, one sitting and one jumping
background. across dogs and hand run ladder grass, in Three in with sweaters colored	Three dogs in colored sweaters run across grass, with ladder and hand in background.
man guitar. Three playing a children onstage watch	Three children watch a man onstage playing guitar.
football in stadium Several a players	Several football players in a stadium
caring cats the several sidewalk. for Man on	Man caring for several cats on the sidewalk.
boy dribbles in basketball a gymnasium. the A	A boy dribbles a basketball in the gymnasium.
outdoor an people ride Four in elevator.	Four people ride in an outdoor elevator.
a on grinding snowboard man A ramp. is a	A man on a snowboard is grinding a ramp.
bride's in woman Three adjusting are the an older dress. bridesmaids red and in white beige	Three bridesmaids in red and an older woman in beige are adjusting the bride's white dress.
against silhouetted A fishing a carrying sky. man a pole blue bright	A man carrying a fishing pole silhouetted against a bright blue sky.
boys a Two fountain a next sand drinking park. in to	Two boys sand next to a drinking fountain in a park.
people while The smokes. on the in tan the sit bench two the man jacket	The two people sit on the bench while the man in the tan jacket smokes.
a is a This dog cookie. sight, strange delivering a	This is a strange sight, a dog delivering a cookie.
a is river. walking large dog side A along brown	A large brown dog is walking along side a river.
dog some tongue on grass white and with jumping his brown a out sticking	a brown and white dog with his tongue sticking out jumping on some grass
baseball, Boys playing the parked cars background. in	Boys playing baseball, cars parked in the background.
on in headband either and and her. friends neck side a with glass girl black of pink A tie white a holding	A girl in a black and white headband and pink neck tie holding a glass with friends on either side of her.
dogs toy. fighting red two a grey over	two grey dogs fighting over a red toy.
a man is in information blue theater. the of performance board A a changing jacket	A man in a blue jacket is changing the performance information board of a theater.
shirt A equipment. climbing white using a in and is man helmet	A man in a white shirt and helmet is using climbing equipment.
and is coverings. hair A protective man face wearing	A man is wearing protective hair and face coverings.
in a a on brother forest. girl hugs A little footbridge her	A little girl hugs her brother on a footbridge in a forest.
A trick girl in of young a doing tree. a in midair front	A young girl doing a trick in midair in front of a tree.
paved make a left turn to competitive racer A road. motorcycle along a prepares	A competitive motorcycle racer prepares to make a left turn along a paved road.
match. playing a people in uniforms brown soccer Two in	Two people in brown uniforms playing in a soccer match.
busy arcade a people Young in	Young people in a busy arcade
woman the on in top a Young bikini beach.	Young woman in a bikini top on the beach.
are men matching Two suits drinking. smiling and in	Two men in matching suits are smiling and drinking.
Two hiking mountain up people snow a covered	Two people hiking up a snow covered mountain
in dogs field Two are a playing grassy	Two dogs are playing in a grassy field
skateboard. is A jumping his green a a man in on ramp shirt	A man in a green shirt is jumping a ramp on his skateboard.
young A rock an child climbs indoor wall. climbing	A young child climbs an indoor rock climbing wall.
is slide stomach. pink Girl red a down sliding on her in coat	Girl in pink coat is sliding down a red slide on her stomach.
into leaps dock The the off and black water. the dog	The black dog leaps off the dock and into the water.
boy posing A a on young blonde branch. while hair smiling tree with	A young boy with blonde hair smiling while posing on a tree branch.
two corndogs. young eat children	two young children eat corndogs.
A down. net in with a standing the water sun is person goes fishing as shallow	A person is standing in shallow water with a fishing net as the sun goes down.
outdoors. display Someone green up fish a for is holding	Someone is holding up a green fish for display outdoors.
of A Hurricanes Miami basketball has ball. possession player the	A Miami Hurricanes basketball player has possession of the ball.
black white there cows. where some running grass A the and are in dog	A black and white dog running in the grass where there are some cows.
ball. Dachshund the A runs a carrying grass, through	A Dachshund runs through the grass, carrying a ball.
and child on A by surrounded toys. standing foot one	A child standing on one foot and surrounded by toys.
dog twigs over A snow. jumps in the	A dog jumps over twigs in the snow.
a A is brown cow is. by a dog where brown fence	A brown dog is by a fence where a brown cow is.
his brown ball dog A in in a water with swimming tennis the mouth.	A brown dog swimming in the water with a tennis ball in his mouth.
A outside. of group stand men	A group of men stand outside.
in its bigger dog mouth. a that trying dog to stick of smaller A is white hold get a a has tri-colored	A smaller white dog is trying to get a hold of a stick that a bigger tri-colored dog has in its mouth.
in woman at the and each child Tribal other staring jungle.	Tribal woman and child staring at each other in the jungle.
adults. production are a little set Two kids seven with on	Two little kids are on a production set with seven adults.
boots cargo white a wearing and an man orange stands on pants, cap, rock. shirt, hiking A	A man wearing an orange cap, white shirt, cargo pants, and hiking boots stands on a rock.
A pink playing wand ribbon a little a in skirt is outside. a jean with shirt girl and	A little girl in a pink shirt and a jean skirt is playing with a ribbon wand outside.
white A in dog white fluffy running pure is snow.	A white fluffy dog is running in pure white snow.
A character boy bumble a hugging bee	A boy hugging a bumble bee character
child in a on swing motion	child on a swing in motion
over chemical a small red mountaintops. is plane A dropping the	A small plane is dropping a red chemical over the mountaintops.
girl in the a surf. out A of running bikini	A girl in a bikini running out of the surf.
puck the trying are the grass. to on players shoot hockey Two	Two hockey players are trying to shoot the puck on the grass.
of green a Picture with a campsite tent. big	Picture of a campsite with a big green tent.
dogs beach. play waves in black Two the the at	Two black dogs play in the waves at the beach.
a on with leash. a A holding sign man dog a	A man holding a sign with a dog on a leash.
khaki and wearing a shirt down, is stuffed pants A animals. and by boy laying surrounded black is	A boy wearing a black shirt and khaki pants is laying down, and is surrounded by stuffed animals.
a group are of on A riding coaster. roller girls	A group of girls are riding on a roller coaster.
is a while climbing girl rock is her. filming someone A	A girl is climbing a rock while someone is filming her.
reads and bus. girl to on a A listens music	A girl reads and listens to music on a bus.
child trunks A into ocean. the in jumping swimming	A child in swimming trunks jumping into the ocean.
inflatable slide Two a kids giant down slide.	Two kids slide down a giant inflatable slide.
toy ride in children cars. Two	Two children ride in toy cars.
a dancing class. A in girl little	A little girl in a dancing class.
a day person blue is clear the A with windsurfing a on distance sky. in	A person in the distance is windsurfing on a day with a clear blue sky.
the a outside large standing signs window background three store two with in people	three people standing outside a store window with two large signs in the background
shirt standing a while in green female A passes. traffic	A female in a green shirt standing while traffic passes.
run dogs white rocks, and in on background. brown sky Two	Two brown and white dogs run on rocks, sky in background.
A off boy shakes a tree. snow of little the	A little boy shakes the snow off of a tree.
player A another. block tries to basketball	A basketball player tries to block another.
The wearing hardhat the person on mountain. the is red	The person wearing the red hardhat is on the mountain.
park A ball well a on tennis dog a lawn. manicured chases	A dog chases a tennis ball on a well manicured park lawn.
a of man front sitting in a stage	a man sitting in front of a stage
running. Two dogs	Two dogs running.
rides along skateboarder a A and shirtless barefoot road.	A barefoot and shirtless skateboarder rides along a road.
competition biker woods. a a mountain trail in the marked on out is riding	a mountain biker is riding on a marked out competition trail in the woods.
on black and a A dog track racing white	A white and black dog racing on a track
basketball. The playing is boy	The boy is playing basketball.
net A while a man it. bats into ball a a holds boys	A man holds a net while a boys bats a ball into it.
Brown clear in blue looking to sky brown a with collar left background. with dog	Brown dog with brown collar looking to left with a clear blue sky in background.
downhill. is red A with skiing man pants	A man with red pants is skiing downhill.
in boy along window sill. A blue small crawls a	A small boy in blue crawls along a window sill.
man a garage. of handstand A a doing outside	A man doing a handstand outside of a garage.
the snow in street. Child in mound playing a	Child playing in a snow mound in the street.
a is A little boy on toy. playing rocking playground	A little boy is playing on a playground rocking toy.
old an with beard, riding man, grey his bike a	an old man, with a grey beard, riding his bike
green wooded plays leaves in boy area Young with a	Young boy plays with leaves in a green wooded area
A small field. white across a grassy is running dog	A small white dog is running across a grassy field.
A stands skirts girls of and superman jean shirts. group wearing	A group of girls stands wearing jean skirts and superman shirts.
a hand. white A with white stands black middle black and top and in of in a mime her umbrella girl hat dressed the in street makeup with	A girl dressed in black and white with mime makeup stands in the middle of a street with a white umbrella and black top hat in her hand.
a A in blue boy shirt.	A boy in a blue shirt.
fair. next young at A boy medieval to a apples	A young boy next to apples at a medieval fair.
costumes and a in and also they pushed costume facepaint a in man riding black two and in children stroller, by The being facepaint while a are young white are	The two young children are in black and white facepaint and costumes while riding in a stroller, they are being pushed by a man also in facepaint and a costume
A dog item green large running its mouth tan in is a with	A large tan dog is running with a green item in its mouth
in and of a blue sitting wall. grey with shirt in stars dark skirt in Woman front brick chair white	Woman in grey shirt and dark skirt sitting in blue chair with white stars in front of a brick wall.
suits group A bathing orange and of in women sarongs.	A group of women in orange bathing suits and sarongs.
the Redbull women posing Two car. to next	Two women posing next to the Redbull car.
bags and street. down empty woman carrying a an man A are	A man and a woman are carrying bags down an empty street.
sandy person a up walks the against white sky. hill blue A	A person walks up a white sandy hill against the blue sky.
a looks at display young boy A ducks. of rubber	A young boy looks at a display of rubber ducks.
A black in a man a on surfboard. wetsuit	A man in a black wetsuit on a surfboard.
screen. is A front dancing a onstage woman in of	A woman is dancing onstage in front of a screen.
paper with man white holding illustration black	man holding black paper with white illustration
background. Two dirt ramps in several the people with bikes on jumping dirt people	Two people on dirt bikes jumping dirt ramps with several people in the background.
jumps highway a a rail. skateboarder over guard	a skateboarder jumps over a highway guard rail.
pink boy by a front is surrounded stick in sacks. in and a shirt whilst of shorts holding jumping white tree a large	a boy in shorts and white shirt is jumping whilst holding a pink stick in front of a large tree surrounded by sacks.
a teams stand field. line Two in a on	Two teams stand in a line on a field.
man down riding set a stairs. a unicycle A of	A man riding a unicycle down a set of stairs.
A surfer seas. a in rough surfboard riding	A surfer riding a surfboard in rough seas.
men play of instruments musical Group outdoors.	Group of men play musical instruments outdoors.
firetruck fights fire. a a	a firetruck fights a fire.
group a for man while jump. young a people of bike a group pose A does photo	A group of young people pose for a group photo while a man does a bike jump.
Three items sled. a men loading on	Three men loading items on a sled.
A barriers. white is and on cement standing between tie a shirt a with sidewalk man	A man with a white shirt and tie is standing on a sidewalk between cement barriers.
buildings. having near fun large Many children outside	Many children having fun outside near large buildings.
at The the green in red the looks a jacket. jacket in child woman	The woman in the red jacket looks at the child in a green jacket.
young beautiful day. lady walks The down a the street on	The young lady walks down the street on a beautiful day.
rope Three playing people jump field. a in	Three people playing jump rope in a field.
a a and young is sitting man earphones. at A with table laptop	A young man is sitting at a table with a laptop and earphones.
wave. a surfer A on	A surfer on a wave.
A handrail. riding rollerblader a	A rollerblader riding a handrail.
with fence a in Two lot gravel dogs in a foreground. the run	Two dogs run in a gravel lot with a fence in the foreground.
dogs. beach, the blue, on pink girl small to something A black in two and shows	A small girl in pink and blue, on the beach, shows something to two black dogs.
Two a girls in football their backyard. throwing	Two girls throwing a football in their backyard.
A with shirt. button up wearing brown man hair a is	A man with brown hair is wearing a button up shirt.
motorcycle a feet on on their is putting and the seat. and white Someone black	Someone is on a black and white motorcycle and putting their feet on the seat.
three outside with girl A dogs running	A girl running outside with three dogs
camera A for the is young grass posing girl the laying in	A young girl is laying in the grass posing for the camera
videotaping A something. man is	A man is videotaping something.
snow in deep Three dogs outside. the playing	Three dogs playing in the deep snow outside.
in people ride canoes two through the water.	two people in canoes ride through the water.
through splashing water building. next A boy to a	A boy splashing through water next to a building.
A young runs boy stairway. down cement a	A young boy runs down a cement stairway.
Person on a white fencing. doing trick on bicycle	Person on bicycle doing a trick on white fencing.
red a white blue trail A in a leaves sky. bi-plane	A red bi-plane leaves a white trail in a blue sky.
bookstore. time to young A read trip his to the boy takes during	A young boy takes time to read during his trip to the bookstore.
dog brown A grassy, a fenced-in yard. across trotting	A brown dog trotting across a grassy, fenced-in yard.
men Several building. sit outside a	Several men sit outside a building.
is skier the into snow. falling A	A skier is falling into the snow.
her on standing girl head. A little	A little girl standing on her head.
child green in playing boots wearing a mud young puddle a	a young child wearing green boots playing in a mud puddle
long her small A pillow. sleeved top a wearing green lays a head with child on	A small child wearing a green long sleeved top lays with her head on a pillow.
cheerleader knee. boy a A has cheerleader on his girl	A boy cheerleader has a girl cheerleader on his knee.
watching by jacket walk her. woman and hat a people yellow as A matching with	A woman with a yellow jacket and matching hat watching as people walk by her.
something watching fence. are through Several men a	Several men are watching something through a fence.
run across Two field. the grassy dogs	Two dogs run across the grassy field.
to boy Frisbee A catch a trying in a field. is	A boy is trying to catch a Frisbee in a field.
A woman bus. boy sitting a a and on	A woman and a boy sitting on a bus.
the white through red jacket yellow kayak water. The a man in paddling is	The man in the yellow jacket is paddling a red kayak through white water.
base clapping the is at of Washington Memorial. A the man	A man is clapping at the base of the Washington Memorial.
grass a alongside running at camera, dogs black path. distant across Two	Two distant black dogs running across grass at camera, alongside a path.
statue. climbing Children	Children climbing statue.
within one another. swimming are through to close Two deep water proximity dogs	Two dogs are swimming through deep water within close proximity to one another.
a girl in hospital. for guitar little A is a playing man a	A man is playing a guitar for a little girl in a hospital.
players football bunch in blue. A of	A bunch of football players in blue.
on young striped white a shirt street and man black wearing a skateboarding a	a young man skateboarding on a street wearing a black and white striped shirt
yellow jumping up catch to lab A toy. a	A yellow lab jumping up to catch a toy.
wave. incoming an against Boys their with backs	Boys with their backs against an incoming wave.
wearing a in young hat. A snow outside woman the is	A young woman is outside in the snow wearing a hat.
rides girl the blond A waves.	A blond girl rides the waves.
a hat cliff. next with man to A monument a pyramid-shaped stands on a	A man with a hat stands next to a pyramid-shaped monument on a cliff.
mouth young open. floor a his with stands boy on A wide	A young boy stands on a wide floor with his mouth open.
snow. the in A dog jumps	A dog jumps in the snow.
Sheltie runs mouth A with forest his open. through tongue the out,	A Sheltie runs through the forest with his tongue out, mouth open.
and heels, parking over on her a shirt, skirt head black her A a sidewalk white meter. umbrella while holds near walking woman blue in	A woman in heels, black skirt and white shirt, holds her blue umbrella over her head while walking on a sidewalk near a parking meter.
man blue unicycle paved a balding is on riding road. a wearing A	A balding man wearing blue is riding a unicycle on a paved road.
a A sidewalk a with walking pants down backpack blue in a neighborhood. grey in male and shirt	A male in grey pants with a blue shirt and backpack walking down a sidewalk in a neighborhood.
grass black in through a dog field. long leaps A and white	A white and black dog leaps through long grass in a field.
a and dog white mulch. in A the chicken	A chicken and a white dog in the mulch.
Two down two road. the pull men cows	Two men pull two cows down the road.
break cheerleaders taking a	cheerleaders taking a break
down play of a rock. A on boys the soccer while another group from grass looks	A group of boys play soccer on the grass while another looks down from a rock.
soccer a kids are Two playing photographed field. in	Two kids are photographed playing soccer in a field.
tall man trees. walking old is An big, to next	An old man is walking next to big, tall trees.
bunch seated on a stadium. are A in people	A bunch on people are seated in a stadium.
water. torso-deep stand in Two a in one blue swimcap, men,	Two men, one in a blue swimcap, stand in torso-deep water.
near stone wall running dressed in smooth, young green area. A a a wooded boy along	A young boy dressed in green running along a smooth, stone wall near a wooded area.
and with a in dog using play players. group of baseball front Frisbees a crowd A of to a is stadium woman	A woman is using Frisbees to play with a dog in front of a stadium crowd and a group of baseball players.
candle. wearing A orange lighting is a girl	A girl wearing orange is lighting a candle.
down and walking a A is red bag white the skirt and a black in carrying haired woman boots street. black	A black haired woman in a white skirt and black boots is carrying a red bag and walking down the street.
the air, play Two the gray on poodle dogs, grass. the high in	Two dogs, the gray poodle high in the air, play on the grass.
flying People kites in field their an open	People flying their kites in an open field
is white pink top skateboard in the girl along wall. The a riding a	The girl in the pink top is riding a skateboard along a white wall.
blows a A girl whistle.	A girl blows a whistle.
dog a and a across stony hillock. dog running brown white are a	a brown dog and a white dog are running across a stony hillock.
runs. pink purse dog his and black A clutches a teeth in	A black dog clutches a pink purse in his teeth and runs.
Wrestler jumping in the air.	Wrestler jumping in the air.
A for a stick. a white man dog up with tattooed jumping	A tattooed man with a white dog jumping up for a stick.
a in young girl very long uniform A holding stick. dressed a is	A young girl dressed in a uniform is holding a very long stick.
a rock wall. climbing Man	Man climbing a rock wall.
A green flowers. grass out over and dog looks	A dog looks out over green grass and flowers.
on road. sit the car A and watch woman a and man	A man and woman sit on a car and watch the road.
and has one helmet. on an Two men skateboards, orange	Two men on skateboards, and one has an orange helmet.
thin A is yellow girl balloon. holding young long a	A young girl is holding a long thin yellow balloon.
hockey shorts in Five blue with man ground. males field playing white on the on shirt	Five males playing field hockey with man in white shirt on blue shorts on the ground.
airborne. attached individual rubber with strapped shoeless bands is jumping A in	A shoeless strapped in individual jumping with rubber bands attached is airborne.
smiling. a colored many A man with Mohawk	A man with a many colored Mohawk smiling.
playing are dogs the in Two grass.	Two dogs are playing in the grass.
young front A girl boy young house. a of and in jumping a	A young boy jumping in front of a young girl and a house.
background with distant man jacket in huge backpack and wearing blue a the mountains a many	a man wearing a huge backpack and blue jacket with many distant mountains in the background
a outside on man bench A sitting young kissing. are and woman	A young man and woman sitting on a bench outside are kissing.
are all walking A different in people a directions different in group of city.	A group of different people are walking in all different directions in a city.
with one background. in on standing A leg child grass, in small the another the girl	A small girl standing on one leg in the grass, with another child in the background.
two a game play a carnival. at people	two people play a game at a carnival.
sheet with on with blue a sheet. dog A partially blue a also covered while lays a bed	A dog lays on a bed with a blue sheet while also partially covered with a blue sheet.
and A a a man valley. woody beard in overlooks neatly trimmed sunglasses	A man in sunglasses and a neatly trimmed beard overlooks a woody valley.
green the dog through in mouth carries as toy his he walks black a A grass.	A black dog carries a green toy in his mouth as he walks through the grass.
outside in a a carrying white walks suit man newspaper. A	A man in a white suit walks outside carrying a newspaper.
lies face-down. A half a under car, person	A person lies half under a car, face-down.
that 84 people sitting a labeled are There Peterson. bus is on	There are people sitting on a bus that is labeled 84 Peterson.
on Two motorbikes. people	Two people on motorbikes.
playing in water. Children	Children playing in water.
the Two water. are dogs toward running	Two dogs are running toward the water.
in mouth dog through his stick with a walking water. A	A dog with a stick in his mouth walking through water.
stand has and dogs yellow ball. one a in a Two tennis puddle,	Two dogs stand in a puddle, and one has a yellow tennis ball.
child the laughing. grass A through runs	A child runs through the grass laughing.
fetches black large stick dog a the of A water. out	A black dog fetches a large stick out of the water.
man a A shirt jewelry. in plastic yellow multi-colored wearing	A man in a yellow shirt wearing multi-colored plastic jewelry.
A greyhound racing muzzles dogs their with of covering group noses.	A group of greyhound dogs racing with muzzles covering their noses.
is animal and black A field. snowy stuffed through a mouth with jumping running dog a in its	A black dog with a stuffed animal in its mouth is running and jumping through a snowy field.
game. the soccer run ball during a Girls for	Girls run for the soccer ball during a game.
race. A a group in bicyclists of	A group of bicyclists in a race.
hair red watches snow. a gray wears person hat it A with and	A person with gray hair wears a red hat and watches it snow.
one her a mouth, spiked one bottled finger in three back head dark and people, drink, young with There haired with hair. are tilted one holding and	There are three young people, one dark haired holding a bottled drink, one with head tilted back and finger in her mouth, and one with spiked hair.
carrying bags. Large woman	Large woman carrying bags.
to lady her on the beach walk. The their ball dog the give ask	The lady ask the dog to give her the ball on their beach walk.
and dog look in each a at field. A horse other	A horse and dog look at each other in a field.
of poses picture A frozen a front a group for waterfall. in	A group poses for a picture in front of a frozen waterfall.
a chases player football in football A blue. red player in	A football player in red chases a football player in blue.
holding girl her little skating instructor. ice with hands A	A little girl holding hands with her ice skating instructor.
dog in in toy background. grass the chases with a A owner its the	A dog chases a toy in the grass with its owner in the background.
women in on play the Two bikinis beach.	Two women in bikinis play on the beach.
soccer a field. a kick ball children soccer Small on	Small children kick a soccer ball on a soccer field.
ocean in a the with clear parasailing A sky. is man	A man is parasailing in the ocean with a clear sky.
onto A pink air rope. into is holding whilst leaping a wakeboarder the	A wakeboarder is leaping into the air whilst holding onto a pink rope.
creek. rides A and bike over man a his rocks	A man rides his bike over rocks and a creek.
A looking bench on and sits man holding the water. his a dog at	A man sits on a bench holding his dog and looking at the water.
hat. a woman A wearing	A woman wearing a hat.
Two area in walking a the street in suburban adults	Two adults walking in the street in a suburban area
on hiker bluff a below. high the standing mountains A overlooking	A hiker standing high on a bluff overlooking the mountains below.
player shirt in the AIG a kicking ball. blue soccer is A	A soccer player in a blue AIG shirt is kicking the ball.
big, holding yellow tent. a up man A	A man holding up a big, yellow tent.
as with of her beads a part A neck parade. is woman performing around a dance	A woman with beads around her neck is performing a dance as part of a parade.
A boy mouth. stick holding young is his a grabbing in his dog	A young boy grabbing a stick his dog is holding in his mouth.
Little lying colored balls. girl in plastic many	Little girl lying in many colored plastic balls.
guy football, him. crowd a with watching A a	A guy with a football, a crowd watching him.
perform the in waves. surfers Two tricks	Two surfers perform tricks in the waves.
dog snow. white necklace in the with purple plays A a on	A white dog with a purple necklace on plays in the snow.
Four structure tent-like on a playing children	Four children playing on a tent-like structure
dancing onstage clapping. and Performers	Performers onstage dancing and clapping.
a hands on head. in his has A striped boy shirt little his	A little boy in a striped shirt has his hands on his head.
swing kneeling park. on at A a the girl is	A girl is kneeling on a swing at the park.
black in stands girl a costumes. in with children blonde A cape other	A blonde girl in a black cape stands with other children in costumes.
wall. beside concrete jogs A woman tall a	A woman jogs beside a tall concrete wall.
rough water. sails in Boat	Boat sails in rough water.
a Two watch aquarium. boys seal an in	Two boys watch a seal in an aquarium.
A towards grass. flies down hawk the	A hawk flies down towards the grass.
snowy jacket on kissing street a parka girl teen in a boy brown Teen a in	Teen girl in a parka kissing teen boy in a brown jacket on a snowy street
a area. crowd downtown scene A in	A crowd scene in a downtown area.
is A boy dark sunglasses jumping. haired in	A dark haired boy in sunglasses is jumping.
A mountains background. boat in water the glassy on with white	A white boat on glassy water with mountains in the background.
A woman to big, green hill. stands a next	A woman stands next to a big, green hill.
walking alongside is A man a yellow bike on a sidewalk.	A man is walking alongside a yellow bike on a sidewalk.
the his Kayaker tips water kayak white in rapids.	Kayaker tips his kayak in the white water rapids.
playing medieval a woman type red similar in or dress instrument. a bagpipe some A	A woman in a red medieval type dress playing a bagpipe or some similar instrument.
is yellow walking statue. also in boy is two people a behind a The passing by shirt and	The boy in a yellow shirt is walking behind two people and also is passing by a statue.
A bike a airborne. on get person	A person on a bike get airborne.
on a with ladder baby person underneath. A a	A person on a ladder with a baby underneath.
a pool. dog in black swims A large	A black dog swims in a large pool.
A with arms raised his a of man the mountain. at top	A man with his arms raised at the top of a mountain.
instruments group of A woods. play the friends in the middle of	A group of friends play instruments in the middle of the woods.
by being with ball hit man. man soccor another is The the	The man with the soccor ball is being hit by another man.
him. with to a in black catch a surfer another wave up catching A while wetsuit tries one	A surfer in a black wetsuit catching a wave while another one tries to catch up with him.
a on his on sidewalk watch. A standing hands others while is man	A man is standing on his hands on a sidewalk while others watch.
with is stands jeans a while man jeans a woman in away. looking in A nearby ball playing	A man in jeans is playing with a ball while a woman in jeans stands nearby looking away.
little on past grass. dog brown dog runs the the another	the little brown dog runs past another dog on the grass.
saxophone fire to plays next a hydrant. A yellow man	A man plays saxophone next to a yellow fire hydrant.
front overalls jeans shirt white in boy man rock blue in in Smiling and behind wall him. of with	Smiling boy in white shirt and blue jeans in front of rock wall with man in overalls behind him.
blue A the water. a jumps life into boy jacket in	A boy in a blue life jacket jumps into the water.
A water beach. girl jumps at over the	A girl jumps over water at the beach.
wearing the A skateboards boy on helmet street. young a	A young boy wearing a helmet skateboards on the street.
yellow yellow wearing man a a A jacket throws Frisbee.	A man wearing a yellow jacket throws a yellow Frisbee.
into man tosses a air. camouflage A child the in	A man tosses a child in camouflage into the air.
in to A the girl stands group each one of talking a people bicycle. while other, group holds	A group of people stands talking to each other, while one girl in the group holds a bicycle.
standing in of Three mountain front a men peak.	Three men standing in front of a mountain peak.
dancing room. in Three are large girls a	Three girls are dancing in a large room.
person down bike in his the mountain woods. hill a steep A rides	A person rides his mountain bike down a steep hill in the woods.
A on and blue a setting blue up red tripod. a jacket with and camera a hat woman	A woman with a blue hat and blue and red jacket setting up a camera on a tripod.
next window. with to blue man standing a building a yellow The is	The man is standing next to a yellow building with a blue window.
has ridden into their A air. the bicycle person	A person has ridden their bicycle into the air.
slope. rocky a dog and A on cow a are	A dog and a cow are on a rocky slope.
while of it man the A off and another mud. drives a into falls motorbike man	A man drives a motorbike while another man falls off of it and into the mud.
the team the man on his tries yellow team opposing to shot. try to block basketball score men The while the on	The man on the yellow basketball team tries to score while the men on the opposing team try to block his shot.
getting Whoa of and brown the hoofs is on. is stepped ! The cowboy the underneath horse	Whoa ! The cowboy is underneath the hoofs of the brown horse and is getting stepped on.
swims boy A underwater. little	A little boy swims underwater.
dog running in a chicken with a park rubber a in its mouth.	a dog running in a park with a rubber chicken in its mouth.
in blue of a wall. woman brick The sits shirt front a wearing	The woman wearing a blue shirt sits in front of a brick wall.
pool. A of kids a group into jumping swimming	A group of kids jumping into a swimming pool.
blocking into hands with off golfers the the look Two sun. distance	Two golfers look off into the distance with hands blocking the sun.
A skateboarding. boy	A boy skateboarding.
children a and on bench A smile outside happily. group sit of	A group of children sit on a bench outside and smile happily.
A hair, a with doing on little bow girl in a the push-up her grass.	A little girl with a bow in her hair, doing a push-up on the grass.
she helmet with jacket blue woman A a wears a bike. rides a as	A woman with a blue jacket wears a helmet as she rides a bike.
midair wearing battons with in each dancers outfits black two	two dancers each wearing black outfits with battons in midair
rides grimacing. Man bike while	Man rides bike while grimacing.
small about dog black jump a into a to a get lack to ball.	a black dog about to jump into a lack to get a small ball.
dogs black paved running side two pathway of down either a	two black dogs running down either side of a paved pathway
104 as a is and watch A pictures. two bend numbered people car, rounding take race	A race car, numbered 104 is rounding a bend as two people watch and take pictures.
one leaping A another. boy to from chair young is	A young boy is leaping from one chair to another.
shopping a labeled a man camera. young sale a woman crowd next in with bag with stands " a to A "	A woman with a shopping bag labeled " sale " stands in a crowd next to a young man with a camera.
mountain his way grassy path red biker on up a A makes bicycle. his	A mountain biker makes his way up a grassy path on his red bicycle.
pants girls jumping. orange shirts Twin and green in are	Twin girls in orange shirts and green pants are jumping.
invention. in Man a top showing tank his blue	Man in a blue tank top showing his invention.
dirt bike rides A his the through woods. man	A man rides his dirt bike through the woods.
A woman pose together in and garden. a girl	A woman and girl pose together in a garden.
racket. shirt a man tennis wearing ball orange an with hits a A	A man wearing an orange shirt hits a ball with a tennis racket.
man doing flip. over back another jumps a A man	A man jumps over another man doing a back flip.
guy A skateboarding.	A guy skateboarding.
group a black field dog follows A in sheep of a of walking grass.	A black dog follows a group of sheep walking in a field of grass.
woman hat. baby denim fat a sunglasses holds a with and A	A woman holds a fat baby with sunglasses and a denim hat.
go of A people group rafting.	A group of people go rafting.
during parade. on girl bicycle a A rides a little	A little girl rides on a bicycle during a parade.
stand. of crowd A foreigners	A crowd of foreigners stand.
Lady microphone sitting talks on down. while	Lady talks on microphone while sitting down.
playing dogs small A big watches two rough in a dog field.	A small dog watches two big dogs playing rough in a field.
with purple the making white a An strip is and American ball. footballer in run a	An American footballer in a white and purple strip is making a run with the ball.
down. pick in stands dress upside girl A a	A girl in a pick dress stands upside down.
tree. Dalmation a a of small chews on branch A	A Dalmation chews on a small branch of a tree.
person walks mountains. in A tall valley between the	A person walks in the valley between tall mountains.
pulling string. puppies on a Two	Two puppies pulling on a string.
Two a runs calf them. between and horses ride men	Two men ride horses and a calf runs between them.
appear dog brown be wrestling. The the black to and dog	The black dog and the brown dog appear to be wrestling.
sitting A bear and bench woman beside child wooden carving. a on a	A woman and child sitting on a bench beside a wooden bear carving.
teeth dogs bark. Two their bare and	Two dogs bare their teeth and bark.
of A takes the man at beach. picture man another a	A man takes a picture of another man at the beach.
green field through with a A tall grass. braids boy of runs small	A small boy with braids runs through a field of tall green grass.
A its with runs in brown ball yellow dog mouth. happily a	A brown dog runs happily with a yellow ball in its mouth.
dog an for object The his jumps by master. white thrown	The white dog jumps for an object thrown by his master.
path. a sitting snowy dog is brown down on The	The brown dog is sitting down on a snowy path.
and a white on riding boat. Three people blue	Three people riding on a blue and white boat.
riding red A a bicycle ramp. down a person	A person riding a bicycle down a red ramp.
something throwing river. a A is young boy into	A young boy is throwing something into a river.
is camera a does person A skier a a trick. holding while	A person is holding a camera while a skier does a trick.
a Children park. at	Children at a park.
man item is his the dog the The jumping holding above head. for is	The dog is jumping for the item the man is holding above his head.
play in a Two girls box. sand	Two girls play in a sand box.
corner round A the of on on a racetrack. group motorcycles men	A group of men on motorcycles round the corner on a racetrack.
a a Amish visits boy community.	a boy visits a Amish community.
A and Market band at of in violins playing front a crowd Gallery. The cellos of	A band of cellos and violins playing in front of a crowd at The Market Gallery.
Some a foam playing toddlers playpen. are in	Some toddlers are playing in a foam playpen.
kneels to her bride in Woman on help put shoe. red sitting	Woman in red kneels to help sitting bride put on her shoe.
a his a glasses. child blue small playing shirt wearing with	a small child wearing a blue shirt playing with his glasses.
float the raft. a Children water in on	Children float on the water in a raft.
a in in white man a A a hallway. in shirt man shirt and black a	A man in a white shirt and a man in a black shirt in a hallway.
grass. black through dog and bounds A white wheat tall	A black and white dog bounds through tall wheat grass.
boy A eats with chopsticks.	A boy eats with chopsticks.
his a above a head swinging riding a rope horse, cowboy	a cowboy riding a horse, swinging a rope above his head
white snow. dogs deep through are white Two walking	Two white dogs are walking through deep white snow.
white A snow dog bounding through	A white dog bounding through snow
orange stick. on small an girl blows bubble A	A small girl blows on an orange bubble stick.
man wearing on pour shirt. to white A girl a a is bucket water of preparing	A girl is preparing to pour a bucket of water on man wearing a white shirt.
A up. dog and snow the in tan looks stand	A tan dog stand in the snow and looks up.
curb dirt the race Two of track. greyhounds railed along inside muzzles with a	Two greyhounds with muzzles race along the inside curb of a railed dirt track.
at a flags horses joust. displaying on Men their	Men on horses displaying their flags at a joust.
A leash stream. dog black is blue a in walking a on	A black dog on a blue leash is walking in a stream.
next a waterfront A walking to alongside a couple city.	A couple walking alongside a waterfront next to a city.
a red with dogs ball are in a Three playing field.	Three dogs are playing with a red ball in a field.
is Two one teenage smiling. girls,	Two teenage girls, one is smiling.
is little that to belongs large A a holding very child tail a crocodile.	A little child is holding a tail that belongs to a very large crocodile.
the sticks Two juggle people mud. in fire	Two people juggle fire sticks in the mud.
in running their carrying water. and toy dogs Two red a in mouths	Two dogs carrying a red toy in their mouths and running in water.
tan with a black toy. plays stuffed and dog A	A black and tan dog plays with a stuffed toy.
dog A brown his teeth. shows	A brown dog shows his teeth.
dog off. shaking A water	A dog shaking water off.
black A in a race. running dog	A black dog running in a race.
in standing casually-dressed her small shirt brunette too a A for people. blue behind woman	A brunette woman in a blue shirt too small for her standing behind casually-dressed people.
sits a dead black tree. bird in a	a black bird sits in a dead tree.
the a dogs watches from dock. while water are Two running the man in	Two dogs are running in the water while a man watches from the dock.
trail. a clothes riding in colorful Biker	Biker in colorful clothes riding a trail.
bar low boy on A jumping a a pants practices a and over young shirt skateboard. black wearing brown	A young boy wearing a black shirt and brown pants practices jumping over a low bar on a skateboard.
street. a corner of building, the from The	The corner of a building, from the street.
while with boy man red a shirt with A helps him. a a large red shirt climbs a rock	A boy with a red shirt climbs a large rock while a man with a red shirt helps him.
african american hat baby. an A girl holding in black	A girl in black hat holding an african american baby.
Girl orange swims in in suit pool.	Girl in orange suit swims in pool.
man up, newspaper, and a is cigar. smoking a reading A standing	A man is standing up, reading a newspaper, and smoking a cigar.
above water. blue-green rocks jump Swimmers from	Swimmers jump from rocks above blue-green water.
A crowd touching red plastic a him. behind object, a child with	A child touching a red plastic object, with a crowd behind him.
hill. artists dry a Two balloon sitting on and are dirt standing	Two balloon artists are standing and sitting on a dry dirt hill.
a woman in is in a A lake. jumping black swimsuit	A woman in a black swimsuit is jumping in a lake.
another little water head. pours little bucket boy boy's a from A onto	A little boy pours water from a bucket onto another little boy's head.
man a lifts his tight crowd. head his bike walks A and through over	A man lifts his bike over his head and walks through a tight crowd.
with a stadning their baptized by couple priest. getting a children	a couple stadning with their children getting baptized by a priest.
with player moves basketball the North in A for ball hand. Carolina	A basketball player for North Carolina moves with the ball in hand.
sidewalk running on Woman	Woman running on sidewalk
prizes. animal stands stuffed striped a top A wearing near woman the	A woman wearing a striped top stands near the stuffed animal prizes.
woman and with wearing close-up of hats them pins on man a A	A close-up of a man and woman wearing hats with pins on them
male a rock high perched sits mountains. in on the hiker A	A male hiker sits perched on a high rock in the mountains.
Three a at the camera. of boat looking dock something off people are on standing	Three people are standing on the dock of a boat looking at something off camera.
paper elderly office. is reading An woman in a an	An elderly woman is reading a paper in an office.
A some plays house chair background. boy in with with in blue a the the toys	A boy plays with some toys in the house with a blue chair in the background.
the A jumping in street. skateboarder	A skateboarder jumping in the street.
body wearing water. to next in a snow of standing Man shorts	Man wearing shorts standing in snow next to a body of water.
with resting collar large man's a is his a dog on chin A brown blue face.	A large brown dog with a blue collar is resting his chin on a man's face.
game, watch. during boy A holds basketball a a while others	A boy holds a basketball during a game, while others watch.
next a collar a wearing concrete A bench. to sits dog small	A small dog wearing a collar sits next to a concrete bench.
in A scarves couple in are the hats, coats, snow. standing dressed and	A couple dressed in coats, hats, and scarves are standing in the snow.
riding A on surfboard. top bright white a man wet-suit yellow shorts in a and is	A man in white shorts and a wet-suit top is riding on a bright yellow surfboard.
is walking behind her. children three along with woman following the beach A	A woman is walking along the beach with three children following behind her.
a in grass. brown to is path along sweater next the a toddler running a	a toddler in a brown sweater is running along a path next to the grass.
and face Two have knee. on women in black blood their	Two women in black have blood on their face and knee.
dog dog. brown is A a dark at brown lighter colored biting	A dark brown dog is biting at a lighter brown colored dog.
a Three a adults path. stand toddler snowy on and	Three adults and a toddler stand on a snowy path.
two forest. young man in girls and a A	A man and two young girls in a forest.
a toy. rope A to dog catch jumps	A dog jumps to catch a rope toy.
runs field geese two in after Dog	Dog runs after two geese in field
A watch of group a soccer play city group young street. older kids on of a kids	A group of young kids watch a group of older kids play soccer on a city street.
another running after dog in field. Dog a grassy	Dog running after another dog in a grassy field.
air is with trick A a person in bike. the	A person is in the air with a trick bike.
rides a ski up lift A a man mountain.	A man rides a ski lift up a mountain.
furnace. bald fiery a in operating is a blue shirt man a	a bald man in a blue shirt is operating a fiery furnace.
the A standing on shore. man	A man standing on the shore.
lone an 30 crowd the A performer takes urban stage in about for spectators. or setting, of a lecturer	A lone performer or lecturer takes the stage in an urban setting, for a crowd of about 30 spectators.
man older An produce. examines	An older man examines produce.
a bench children on smiling Three wooden sitting	Three smiling children sitting on a wooden bench
with a play bass a and music. double with man A mandolin a man	A man with a double bass and a man with a mandolin play music.
dancing with her. screen along video-game large on behind dances A projected a woman	A woman dances along with a dancing video-game projected on large screen behind her.
A with man is a standing in cave. headlight gear	A man with headlight gear is standing in a cave.
a shirt in a yellow a and posing for in a blue and man man picture. shirt A tie	A man in a yellow shirt and a man in a blue shirt and tie posing for a picture.
box. men Two	Two men box.
through A is obstacle an dog running course	A dog is running through an obstacle course
play in apartment. pets The the	The pets play in the apartment.
play Three the water. near dogs	Three dogs play near the water.
performing trick motorcycle the high a in on Man a air.	Man on a motorcycle performing a trick high in the air.
kicks his young leg water. while up standing boy A the in	A young boy kicks his leg up while standing in the water.
A horseshoe. throws a outside woman	A woman outside throws a horseshoe.
older man An younger is hugging a girl.	An older man is hugging a younger girl.
in the stores. men of sit Two on sidewalk front	Two men sit on the sidewalk in front of stores.
and church The wear hats. two black robes purple officials	The two church officials wear black robes and purple hats.
in A pants a dog shirt the the road. dressed and is side on of	A dog is dressed in a shirt and pants on the side of the road.
bar over a on an course obstacle leaps A dog	A dog leaps over a bar on an obstacle course
jacket. wears playing one dog Three a while snow dogs in the	Three dogs playing in the snow while one dog wears a jacket.
dog a along is following white beach. A the black dog	A white dog is following a black dog along the beach.
wrestling. Two sumo wrestlers	Two sumo wrestlers wrestling.
a boys Two playing trampoline. are on	Two boys are playing on a trampoline.
man A jumping.	A man jumping.
pile. a up watermelon A girl little a from picking	A little girl picking up a watermelon from a pile.
walk the down school street. girls Japanese	Japanese school girls walk down the street.
for a wait a guy rail train. Three and girls	Three girls and a guy wait for a rail train.
Frisbee. red a dogs outside over Two fighting	Two dogs outside fighting over a red Frisbee.
tree, around of arms a their front with Christmas each other. in girls stand Two	Two girls stand in front of a Christmas tree, with their arms around each other.
one white is Two red. the other are in teams in playing, soccer	Two soccer teams are playing, one is in white the other in red.
class. uniforms in group blue A children to of walk	A group of children in blue uniforms walk to class.
bench children are a in clothes on young close together. Three colorful sitting	Three young children in colorful clothes are sitting on a bench close together.
ground. crosswalk, with in person person and one on sitting traffic Street with two at corner others one	Street with traffic with one person in crosswalk, two others at corner and one person sitting on ground.
1950s A boy dolly passed a two riding is cars.	A boy is riding a dolly passed two 1950s cars.
Four various teenagers clothes in in directions. dark looking	Four teenagers in dark clothes looking in various directions.
in A red harness a chasing ball. a dog	A dog in a harness chasing a red ball.
square. with empty red an A woman plays long in ribbons	A woman plays with long red ribbons in an empty square.
in a circle a group girls of sitting	a group of girls sitting in a circle
with is two playing in The snow. the dogs man	The man is playing with two dogs in the snow.
for are gathered flags, uniform, Men a with outdoors ceremony. in	Men in uniform, with flags, are gathered outdoors for a ceremony.
on takes a race them a dirt compete Cyclists road. in mountain that	Cyclists compete in a race that takes them on a dirt mountain road.
walks light blue a cement road. down a a girl windbreaker in	a girl in a light blue windbreaker walks down a cement road.
attempt get small to Two ball. dogs a	Two dogs attempt to get a small ball.
right. Three the field to dogs house in a play a near	Three dogs play in a field near a house to the right.
gathered flags. of waving a people are Irish street the crowd in	a crowd of people are gathered in the street waving Irish flags.
orange big A with backpack. brush man in a walking	A man walking in brush with a big orange backpack.
grey and man blue young a A outfit wearing coat. is	A young man is wearing a blue outfit and grey coat.
in boat near A city. group of rowing a a people	A group of people rowing in a boat near a city.
stick grassy field, lake in dogs over the fight Two a a on background. a	Two dogs fight over a stick on a grassy field, a lake in the background.
on a air person the skateboard in	person on a skateboard in the air
stretching Several girls colorful mats on upwards. young	Several young girls on colorful mats stretching upwards.
each other across and woman sit table. a man at restaurant from A	A man and woman sit across from each other at a restaurant table.
man This boy with a background. newspaper hat shot an the is in in out profile a blurred old people of	This is a profile shot of an old man in a newspaper boy hat with people blurred out in the background.
low almost down to the swoops An ground. eagle	An eagle swoops down low almost to the ground.
kisses couple a A concert. at	A couple kisses at a concert.
inside colourful Two shower clothes a enclosure. girls in	Two girls in colourful clothes inside a shower enclosure.
runs a the it. A behind dog with grass, fence ears on floppy	A dog with floppy ears runs on the grass, a fence behind it.
a playing under man is A guitar. tent standing a	A man is standing under a tent playing a guitar.
bicycle in a park. jumps A man public his	A man jumps his bicycle in a public park.
some gathered carrying people Some are a around statues. truck	Some people are gathered around a truck carrying some statues.
church and front another. display bride in of at a looking groom while A one stand	A bride and groom stand in front of a church display while looking at one another.
boy on skateboarding ledge	boy skateboarding on ledge
woman a volleyball with ball. a young and a girl play beach	a young girl and a woman play volleyball with a beach ball.
with a in The the Look on " foreground. words with street, an a female " Right arrow city painted	The words " Look Right " with an arrow painted on a city street, with a female in the foreground.
and white A legs. dog stands black hind its on	A black and white dog stands on its hind legs.
in rider. high with sky Kite flying sky the	Kite flying high in the sky with sky rider.
A flying sideways. plane	A plane flying sideways.
dogs Two running are grass. through the	Two dogs are running through the grass.
water A boy clothed. jumps fully into	A boy jumps into water fully clothed.
running in markers ridden a between motocross A stream. is being bike	A motocross bike is being ridden between markers in a running stream.
and at women man the white with in looks flip flops shorts. shirt The no	The man with no shirt and flip flops looks at the women in white shorts.
a sits a on A at snowboarder mountain white foggy staring scenery.	A snowboarder sits on a mountain staring at a white foggy scenery.
area. wooded in men skiing are a snow in Two the	Two men are skiing in the snow in a wooded area.
opening a tunnel. in old of a shirt and An the chair stone with white pants a black man on sits	An old man with a white shirt and black pants sits on a chair in the opening of a stone tunnel.
The the iguanas bank. wrestled along water rocky	The iguanas wrestled along the rocky water bank.
cap on standing A rock. man pointy in an orange top a of	A man in an orange cap standing on top of a pointy rock.
on sand. A livestock dog chasing	A dog chasing livestock on sand.
he runner A winces as runs.	A runner winces as he runs.
insect at her a young an makes face finger. A as girl she on looks	A young girl makes a face as she looks at an insect on her finger.
in moving red a snow skier pants and top black down A a hill.	A snow skier in a red top and black pants moving down a hill.
on in motorcycle. leather Man a black	Man in black leather on a motorcycle.
are bicyclists race. The a in	The bicyclists are in a race.
The in two people dark, up in front. the lit Shop Wine on Twenty Fourth building	The Wine Shop on Twenty Fourth building lit up in the dark, two people in front.
Mercury front parked car colored Dark Bank. in of PNC	Dark colored Mercury car parked in front of PNC Bank.
riding a man blue A road main stops at on bicycle a a stoplight.	A man riding a blue bicycle on a main road stops at a stoplight.
woman a outstretched and shirt a with arms A an with posing orange green shirt woman with	A woman with a green shirt and a woman with an orange shirt posing with outstretched arms
three men A woman and photo a posing are for	A woman and three men are posing for a photo
and a man parked woman A sitting car. on	A man and woman sitting on a parked car.
hair girl a black from her with smile under A blond umbrella. offers dimpled	A girl with blond hair offers a dimpled smile from under her black umbrella.
goalie Hockey looking down knees his on	Hockey goalie on his knees looking down
and on brown white playing dog A grass.	A brown and white dog playing on grass.
to up tennis ball. blue catch orange and an A dog jumps	A dog jumps up to catch an orange and blue tennis ball.
air in dog into the leaps a The field.	The dog leaps into the air in a field.
dogs a A brown dog biting ear. gray	A brown dog biting a gray dogs ear.
man A in shore. rocky stands hat a on pink a shirtless	A shirtless man in a pink hat stands on a rocky shore.
with Dog mouth. in something its up jumping	Dog jumping up with something in its mouth.
man hat. beer with A is wearing crocheted can a glasses	A man with glasses is wearing a beer can crocheted hat.
and in the Crowd sky. airplane watching helicopter	Crowd watching airplane and helicopter in the sky.
backpack. hoodie, A crosswalk a a and a man with hair, walking across green long	A man walking across a crosswalk with long hair, a green hoodie, and a backpack.
slide orange child down A a sliding	A child sliding down a orange slide
a man sign. A pro with coat protest carrying Israel a black	A man with a black coat carrying a pro Israel protest sign.
a of in The near waterfall. man body a stands water	The man stands in a body of water near a waterfall.
small car being in twin strollers a parade shaped pushed boys in	twin boys being pushed in small car shaped strollers in a parade
while hose records with a a woman A child a with camcorder playing water	A child playing with a water hose while a woman records with a camcorder
the A in stands shorts. ocean his up lifting boy	A boy stands in the ocean lifting up his shorts.
brown black and dog in at the a with each dog street. white are spots staring A other	A black dog and a white dog with brown spots are staring at each other in the street.
standing of people in A bar. group a	A group of people standing in a bar.
black a their holding single Frisbee Two dogs in mouths	Two dogs holding a single black Frisbee in their mouths
climbing. woman top Blond red in rock	Blond woman in red top rock climbing.
bright haired scarf. with smile red lady big a is wearing a dark A	A dark haired lady with a big smile is wearing a bright red scarf.
the background. with waterskiing and tutu and black over black in in hands Person shirt people head	Person in black shirt and black tutu waterskiing with hands over head and people in the background.
woman a A at organic table looks farmer's vegetables of over a market.	A woman looks over a table of organic vegetables at a farmer's market.
I of a with burning flag israei front man face a in crowd. an covered	I man with a covered face burning an israei flag in front of a crowd.
Japanese down street. in women walk the dress Two	Two women in Japanese dress walk down the street.
A park. swings children a mother two at on pushes	A mother pushes two children on swings at a park.
is woman in shirt. man white The the in black the backpack walking shirt blue with and the	The woman in the white shirt and black backpack is walking with the man in the blue shirt.
dogs a Two race on brown track.	Two brown dogs race on a track.
black sits other grass all wearing with by on glasses man people. surrounded A	A man with glasses wearing all black sits on grass surrounded by other people.
dog. with A brown plays woman a	A woman plays with a brown dog.
in children Three their front stand of home.	Three children stand in front of their home.
Girls outdoors. blow bubbles	Girls blow bubbles outdoors.
with a guy chain black a is shirt jumping on over a A skateboard.	A guy with a black shirt is jumping over a chain on a skateboard.
on young playing tram. is boy A around a	A young boy is playing around on a tram.
holds newspapers. sunglasses A woman wearing two	A woman wearing sunglasses holds two newspapers.
man A standing mountain range a near	A man standing near a mountain range
wearing Three side of woods. rocks along walk shorts stream the in on people the a	Three people wearing shorts walk on rocks along the side of a stream in the woods.
surfer red under a wave A a rides bridge.	A surfer rides a wave under a red bridge.
water. with his above the A swims, smiling only head boy	A smiling boy swims, with only his head above the water.
a grassy young hills. A climbing in boy tree	A young boy climbing a tree in grassy hills.
puppy some giving mother her dog milk. A	A mother dog giving her puppy some milk.
grass in book. A man the a reading lies	A man lies in the grass reading a book.
ball. runs a A player soccer soccer for	A soccer player runs for a soccer ball.
runs. player another Sooners field quickly moves A the on as football player	A Sooners football player moves quickly on the field as another player runs.
tile itself A floor. licks a cat on	A cat licks itself on a tile floor.
busy a down people crowd walk sidewalk. of A	A crowd of people walk down a busy sidewalk.
metal structure standing a Two brick men of from wall. a in near	Two men standing near a metal structure in from of a brick wall.
in A parade poses woman white red and a in	A woman in red and white poses in a parade
two street a background. in Men FedEx bus and city vehicles yellow on the walking with	Men walking on city street with a yellow bus and two FedEx vehicles in the background.
drive water. muddy blue into A deep, Jeep	A blue Jeep drive into deep, muddy water.
bikes sitting in the Two women their grass them. behind with	Two women sitting in the grass with their bikes behind them.
a in a jumping path. white snowy over Black dog dog	Black dog jumping over a white dog in a snowy path.
a uniform court. A basketball player the white on dribbling ball is wearing the	A basketball player wearing a white uniform is dribbling the ball on the court.
dog A of taking into a water. dive a body is	A dog is taking a dive into a body of water.
his blue outside and blanket. with snow sits in man the A dog	A man sits outside in the snow with his dog and blue blanket.
girl indoor purple as dress in a wall. smiling climbs A she an rock	A girl in a purple dress smiling as she climbs an indoor rock wall.
girls jumping. happily Three	Three girls happily jumping.
Spiderman child as doorbell. a A dressed ringing	A child dressed as Spiderman ringing a doorbell.
front building. A glasses of standing in a with is man	A man with glasses is standing in front of a building.
like khaki part is through in walking a looks of and red jacket a Arizona. man what pants A	A man in a red jacket and khaki pants is walking through a part of what looks like Arizona.
boys other on others on. a while balancing rod, each against competing Two and holding look rope a green	Two boys holding a green rope and competing against each other on a balancing rod, while others look on.
into A slide down yellow kid slides a pool. a swimming	A kid slides down a yellow slide into a swimming pool.
are kayakers in mountains. alongside three snowcapped traveling water the	three kayakers are traveling in the water alongside snowcapped mountains.
with up people walking are dog. hill snowy a a Two	Two people are walking up a snowy hill with a dog.
brown closes her eyes. in A children surrounded girl dress a by	A girl in a brown dress surrounded by children closes her eyes.
shirt, is in standing him her woman red man has hair. purple wearing the streaks with a The while	The man is wearing a red shirt, while the woman standing with him has purple streaks in her hair.
line. of people gathering a in Lots	Lots of people gathering in a line.
dog running through collar with A a the water	A dog with a collar running through the water
play fight in field. a dogs Two or	Two dogs fight or play in a field.
and established bushes. amidst trees been has the campsite A	A campsite has been established amidst the trees and bushes.
her wrapped flag and body woman around incense. a The burned	The woman wrapped a flag around her body and burned incense.
hill Someone is a a rocky overlooking on sitting mountain.	Someone is sitting on a hill overlooking a rocky mountain.
a dog net over a jumping on tan goal grassy large a field	a tan dog jumping over a goal net on a large grassy field
walking are people blue a up ramp Six	Six people are walking up a blue ramp
ocean. children group A in of the	A group of children in the ocean.
A of pose fountain. front in a couple	A couple pose in front of a fountain.
A the playing in is grass. beagle	A beagle is playing in the grass.
outside lighting a smoke building. man A a is of	A man is lighting a smoke outside of a building.
the a blows man standing a of tube into onstage. at front A in while drumset man	A man blows into a tube while standing in front of a man at the drumset onstage.
and A climbing rocky water. is man a cliff steep overlooking	A man is climbing a steep and rocky cliff overlooking water.
decorated as A float tractor a for a parade	A tractor decorated as a float for a parade
paced basketball action Fast	Fast paced basketball action
runs road. gravel along puppy A black white and the	A black and white puppy runs along the gravel road.
a bike fence. yellow A pink a wearing white girl rides near	A girl wearing pink rides a yellow bike near a white fence.
the house. Two playing in of are young kitchen boys a	Two young boys are playing in the kitchen of a house.
spar MMA fighters Two ring. in a	Two MMA fighters spar in a ring.
in woman Indian An marketplace. outdoor stands an	An Indian woman stands in an outdoor marketplace.
is at of a looking watermelons The bank. man for sale outside	The man is looking at watermelons for sale outside of a bank.
red " ring walks ". ring says, a that booth by A telephone man	A man walks by a red telephone booth that says, " ring ring ".
girl barefoot A a rail. red-headed over jumping	A barefoot red-headed girl jumping over a rail.
the man black a sitting Old dog. bench park with on	Old man sitting on the park bench with a black dog.
A with is a jumping ends. the on dog brown over fire pole	A brown dog is jumping over a pole with fire on the ends.
is clinging finger the The small bird a to the of seeds. hand holding	The small bird is clinging to a finger of the hand holding the seeds.
This is surfing. man	This man is surfing.
A large catches surfer wave. a	A surfer catches a large wave.
A a does flip man a behind speedboat. waterskiing	A waterskiing man does a flip behind a speedboat.
the jump into and a bmx rides air. rider A up	A bmx rider rides up a jump and into the air.
people something. looking of A at crowd	A crowd of people looking at something.
play on climbing blonde set. A a girl	A blonde girl climbing on a play set.
men by A in with couple slab a stone large of mountains sit the background.	A couple of men sit by a large stone slab with mountains in the background.
in holding red cart. person a A bag baggage above paper a a shirt	A person in a red shirt holding a paper bag above a baggage cart.
water. in The the playing children are	The children are playing in the water.
doing The is jump. a snowboarder	The snowboarder is doing a jump.
brown dog a nursing	a brown dog nursing
A falls some person the near rocks. water into	A person falls into the water near some rocks.
A on fence. a jockey a horse jumps	A jockey on a horse jumps a fence.
with pumpkins. boy pushes wagon A two a	A boy pushes a wagon with two pumpkins.
garb sit A group women the of floor. native on in	A group of women in native garb sit on the floor.
runs a white into lake. A dog	A white dog runs into a lake.
a does yellow in snow. some the on A tricks person snowboard	A person on a yellow snowboard does some tricks in the snow.
beach. to water next running Black dog through	Black dog running through water next to beach.
A tall person grass. riding ATV a over yellow	A person riding a yellow ATV over tall grass.
red for Frisbee. runs a a dog	a dog runs for a red Frisbee.
young other each embracing are seem girls Three and happy.	Three young girls are embracing each other and seem happy.
hill. A hiker ascends snowy a	A hiker ascends a snowy hill.
A rides mechanical a child ride.	A child rides a mechanical ride.
people Some paintball. playing	Some people playing paintball.
a a yellow in A doing boy handstand shirt	A boy doing a handstand in a yellow shirt
wearing boy a in with Mohawk is A a sweatshirt people. of crowd blue a navy	A boy with a Mohawk is wearing a navy blue sweatshirt in a crowd of people.
wall. A person hooded trick doing off of in bicycle a a sweatshirt is a	A person in a hooded sweatshirt is doing a bicycle trick off of a wall.
woman a scarf black A a dog tries to wearing as face a her. lick makes	A woman wearing a black scarf makes a face as a dog tries to lick her.
his eating on patio. little a spoon of A sitting a is food boy off while	A little boy is eating his food off of a spoon while sitting on a patio.
a the on near A located to puddles, hops path girl lake. young avoid the	A young girl hops on the path to avoid the puddles, located near a lake.
on trick a concrete A obstacle. bicycle man a does	A man does a bicycle trick on a concrete obstacle.
white from to the jumps run and jersey wearing The ball two the black the him. players team amidst his help as other player teammates for two	The player wearing the black and white jersey jumps for the ball amidst two players from the other team as his two teammates run to help him.
in being boy a A is splashed pool. swimming	A boy is being splashed in a swimming pool.
A along the brown wave. and oncoming avoiding an black runs sand, dog	A black and brown dog runs along the sand, avoiding an oncoming wave.
wearing red is winking boy The the and helmet jacket	The boy wearing the red jacket and helmet is winking
during a runner A race.	A runner during a race.
Children the on skating watch side. while people	Children skating while people watch on the side.
is is and jump. black to A back ready dog hunched	A black dog is hunched back and is ready to jump.
young painting picture. girl A a	A young girl painting a picture.
a over A rides man ramp. a dirt bicycle	A man rides a bicycle over a dirt ramp.
boy picture. running, little blurry A	A little boy running, blurry picture.
ride enjoying an on amusement themselves. Three girls	Three girls on an amusement ride enjoying themselves.
red dog jumping catch ring Small mouth. with in to brown a his markings white	Small white dog with brown markings jumping to catch a red ring in his mouth.
in shirt hammer fix a worker another red something. construction worker construction One a with watching	One construction worker in a red shirt watching another construction worker with a hammer fix something.
A bleachers shirt. a child jumping with off blue	A child jumping off bleachers with a blue shirt.
on man sidewalk. a woman with at street A pack side a with a is newspaper a looking	A woman with a newspaper is looking at a man with a side pack on a street sidewalk.
and laugh girls in dresses Two play. jean	Two girls in jean dresses laugh and play.
outside shirt People and dance colorful hats in	People in colorful hats and shirt dance outside
A young boy standing in with a large raised pile a leaves. leg of	A young boy standing with a raised leg in a large pile of leaves.
with a behind dogs black two dog The runs smaller with it. ball	The black dog runs with a ball with two smaller dogs behind it.
game. of men some a Frisbee in Two after sports kind go	Two men go after a Frisbee in some kind of sports game.
while roll bird majestically beach a waves A on in. grey stands	A grey bird stands majestically on a beach while waves roll in.
a girl skips to over the fence.	a girl skips over to the fence.
stool, small shirt off orange with Little of jumps yellow boy indoors. foot	Little boy with orange shirt jumps off of small yellow foot stool, indoors.
ramp riding in handicap Boy down a skateboard jacket	Boy in jacket riding skateboard down a handicap ramp
with dog the woman snow in An older small a	An older woman with a small dog in the snow
the tire-shaped in and red child a at swing A enjoys a playground. shirt hat	A child in a red shirt and hat enjoys a tire-shaped swing at the playground.
white a A hat climbs person rock. a wearing	A person wearing a white hat climbs a rock.
dressed blue, costumes green, and for People parade. yellow, a orange red purple, in are	People are dressed in purple, blue, green, yellow, orange and red costumes for a parade.
associated Two while guitars musicians gear and surrounded a curtain. in white play suits by red	Two musicians in white suits play guitars while surrounded by associated gear and a red curtain.
on dog grass lays Black	Black dog lays on grass
sandy beach. dogs running the on Six	Six dogs running on the sandy beach.
A girl an orange sprinkler in the in dress the running yard. is through little	A little girl in an orange dress is running through the sprinkler in the yard.
merry-go-round Four park. a a in boys playing on	Four boys playing on a merry-go-round in a park.
a play Musicians concrete near wall.	Musicians play near a concrete wall.
through grass. blanket blue a the with runs A dog	A dog with a blue blanket runs through the grass.
are playing the The children and street. in talking	The children are talking and playing in the street.
trying A small red to ball catch outside a dog	A small dog trying to catch a red ball outside
out and boat. losing his paddle the Man kayaking of falling	Man kayaking losing his paddle and falling out of the boat.
dog with ball. playing soccer tan is a A	A tan dog is playing with a soccer ball.
holds A young woman a her singing a at stands while microphone a guitar. man behind	A young woman stands singing at a microphone while a man behind her holds a guitar.
brown stare and dog in dark field a each a dog other. brown at light A	A dark brown dog and a light brown dog in a field stare at each other.
smoking a are building. men These grey outside	These men are smoking outside a grey building.
family at A man questioningly. stool a him mostly nude look while on standing a 5 of	A mostly nude man standing on a stool while a family of 5 look at him questioningly.
shot take The young themselves. group a adults of	The young adults take a group shot of themselves.
picnic on boy young park. at a A is running tables	A young boy is running on picnic tables at a park.
is The a wearing center. shirt blue girl science through a running	The girl wearing a blue shirt is running through a science center.
bed to blonde jumping A boy bed. is young from	A young blonde boy is jumping from bed to bed.
in Dirty of water body car	Dirty car in body of water
standing of colorful woman field a is tulips. The in	The woman is standing in a field of colorful tulips.
trick A skateboarder a the on doing pavement. is	A skateboarder is doing a trick on the pavement.
the dog. bench on of sitting large a and and white Woman leash brown holding	Woman sitting on bench and holding the leash of a large white and brown dog.
courtyard. her a woman A behind in redheaded European looks	A redheaded woman looks behind her in a European courtyard.
mostly the person A wearing skateboarding black. sidewalk down	A person skateboarding down the sidewalk wearing mostly black.
vest, The is a man, worker's wearing shoveling rocks.	The man, wearing a worker's vest, is shoveling rocks.
formation with a Scenic person precariously from dangling view rock	Scenic view with person dangling precariously from a rock formation
There yard. in small children two playing a are	There are two small children playing in a yard.
surfing sand. a down hill is man of A	A man is surfing down a hill of sand.
together. play dogs two	two dogs play together.
dog along a small jumping the sand	a small dog jumping along the sand
and adults mountaintop. on two children a Two pose	Two adults and two children pose on a mountaintop.
girl wading through a A lake. water in	A girl wading through water in a lake.
shirt with bank logo Person in jumping the yellow shorts, into water. from grey	Person in yellow shorts, grey shirt with logo jumping from bank into the water.
dog The little white the is fat standing brown over dog.	The fat brown dog is standing over the little white dog.
tennis hits the ball. player a	a tennis player hits the ball.
riding young small a down wagon a hill. person a	a young person riding a small wagon down a hill.
head A its on the has ground. dog white	A white dog has its head on the ground.
away from a and A large gate a dog. black policeman walks with brown	A policeman walks away from a gate with a large brown and black dog.
pounces dog in on black leaves. a ball the A	A black dog pounces on a ball in the leaves.
are beige in playing dogs Two snow. the	Two beige dogs are playing in the snow.
pose Energy Two in ladies Drink the front Red Bull vehicle. of	Two ladies pose in front of the Red Bull Energy Drink vehicle.
monk a looks camera shawl A red in the at	A monk in a red shawl looks at the camera
a shirt leans a in shorts blue club. over golf woman and sleeveless A	A woman in shorts and a blue sleeveless shirt leans over a golf club.
skateboard a on building. alongside flies a the through air, child A	A child on a skateboard flies through the air, alongside a building.
A a running brown dog pond. through	A brown dog running through a pond.
of surveying Men with background the in landscape. are equipment	Men with surveying equipment are in the background of landscape.
dress underneath sits in and white man stone archway. pants shirt a just a A	A man in a white shirt and dress pants sits just underneath a stone archway.
through the child A grass. runs	A child runs through the grass.
cowboy riding whilst a spinning a A lasso is horse around.	A cowboy is riding a horse whilst spinning a lasso around.
woman standing is large next pipes. safety jacket to bright A a in	A woman in a bright safety jacket is standing next to large pipes.
red and blue several young blue wearing raft a boys life helmets jackets on and	several young boys wearing blue helmets and blue and red life jackets on a raft
dimly in A performs lit band a setting.	A band performs in a dimly lit setting.
wearing robe leaning trashcan a person holding coffee flowered of cup on a	person wearing a flowered robe holding a cup of coffee leaning on trashcan
a dogs on shore of fighting the Three lake.	Three dogs fighting on the shore of a lake.
kite a man surfing wave. A creates	A man kite surfing creates a wave.
sitting grass blossom on outside cherry trees. the under People	People outside sitting on the grass under cherry blossom trees.
play two the A in child and dogs water.	A child and two dogs play in the water.
fishing covered lake. ice are snow tent an on to about a enter Two men	Two men are about to enter an ice fishing tent on a snow covered lake.
wearing Three hooded bench. men at sweatshirts, a young standing	Three young men wearing hooded sweatshirts, standing at a bench.
one is beach pointing. people down Two the of and run them	Two people run down the beach and one of them is pointing.
boy The yellow shorts leaps river from towards the in river. bank	The boy in yellow shorts leaps from river bank towards the river.
a tie in a A has butterfly dye girl hat her hand. on	A girl in a tie dye hat has a butterfly on her hand.
net. soccer playing the goal Children near	Children playing soccer near the goal net.
the The man is sitting by on in jacket jetty. the brown the ground	The man in the brown jacket is sitting on the ground by the jetty.
A a gather around group of people truck.	A group of people gather around a truck.
with are sitting Students in front auditorium them. an notes out of in	Students are sitting in an auditorium with notes out in front of them.
splashing The a board, with boogie is child around. waves on	The child is on a boogie board, with waves splashing around.
and a slide. down shorts sliding Child is in blue a hoodie	Child in a blue hoodie and shorts is sliding down a slide.
forth Two backyard. girls throw and in ball a back their	Two girls throw a ball back and forth in their backyard.
and perked dog ears. tan with walking Black small	Black and tan small dog walking with perked ears.
down of mountain. person site snow a parachuting the A covered	A person parachuting down the site of a snow covered mountain.
in pull Dogs the snow. a sled	Dogs pull a sled in the snow.
jumps Frisbee to a leg hand. from a A dog man's take his	A dog jumps a man's leg to take a Frisbee from his hand.
time. a Teens having good	Teens having a good time.
a mountaintop. stands A man on	A man stands on a mountaintop.
ball a soccer dog with A plays	A dog plays with a soccer ball
yellow high-fives girl little a A robot.	A little girl high-fives a yellow robot.
ride a people in car. Two race orange	Two people ride in a orange race car.
picture. a soccer for a poses team	a soccer team poses for a picture.
blue dirt man in a jumping bike. A	A man in blue jumping a dirt bike.
man and A house. wrestle a inside boy a	A man and a boy wrestle inside a house.
various in Three people costumes. smiling	Three smiling people in various costumes.
while with video another some A films a cast man smiles. man	A man with a cast films some video while another man smiles.
Little a boys jump hold together. and hands into Three pool	Three Little boys hold hands and jump into a pool together.
next plays boxes sits cardboard an instrument. and ourdoors man to A	A man sits ourdoors next to cardboard boxes and plays an instrument.
a the sitting The umbrella. outside under on is man purple street	The man is sitting outside on the street under a purple umbrella.
holding dogs, one Two ball. a	Two dogs, one holding a ball.
camera. road in young Two the at and dirt girls the smile stand	Two young girls stand in the dirt road and smile at the camera.
standing a on tiled is young boy A area. gray	A young boy is standing on a gray tiled area.
the in Beachgoers sky. something watch	Beachgoers watch something in the sky.
open area. tied grassy leash to A an a in dog	A dog tied to a leash in an open grassy area.
a fishing is sitting yellow in hat to Someone next two poles.	Someone in a yellow hat is sitting next to two fishing poles.
A a with in black water. muddy and dog white stick is	A black and white dog with a stick is in muddy water.
is The sand. the across running brown dog	The brown dog is running across the sand.
Man platform outside on rocks. a laying on some	Man laying on a platform outside on some rocks.
each little facing A other. little girl and a boy are	A little girl and a little boy are facing each other.
into pounces a dog water. the	a dog pounces into the water.
stands overalls orange the A sidewalk. wearing person on	A person wearing orange overalls stands on the sidewalk.
man. is on little cart hanging behind shopping following A a to boy a	A little boy is hanging on to a shopping cart following behind a man.
and jumping A air young toes. is into man the touching his up	A young man is jumping up into the air and touching his toes.
brown brick sidewalk. A god a on relaxes	A brown god relaxes on a brick sidewalk.
dog colored A a on runs path. narrow light	A light colored dog runs on a narrow path.
blue brown greyhound muzzle is a blue wearing collar. and A	A brown greyhound is wearing a blue muzzle and blue collar.
are dogs playing the and black in Two snow. two white	Two black and two white dogs are playing in the snow.
beach a holding a A on alone child pail.	A child alone on a beach holding a pail.
does girl pink wearing a handstand. a	a girl wearing pink does a handstand.
for The driver a opportunity. truck photo pauses	The truck driver pauses for a photo opportunity.
and gray brown dog dog a snow. are in the A playing	A brown dog and a gray dog are playing in the snow.
A dog black white up and down the jumps snow. in and	A black and white dog jumps up and down in the snow.
a ball. to jumping white woman the is up A hit outfit in tennis	A woman in a white tennis outfit is jumping up to hit the ball.
blue a A against sky. crawls asphalt baby on	A baby crawls on asphalt against a blue sky.
in bow the hair. a walking dog grass on has The little its red	The little dog walking on the grass has a red bow in its hair.
of and men booth. the women two a window at standing ticket Two	Two men and two women standing at the window of a ticket booth.
and beach, girl a man orange sunset behind. on the walking A	A man and a girl walking on the beach, orange sunset behind.
of is an reading. the in man backpack buildings with in The a sculpture art courtyard front sitting	The man with the backpack is sitting in a buildings courtyard in front of an art sculpture reading.
next a top tank a door. to chrome A man in stands	A man in a tank top stands next to a chrome door.
A uses a ramp. skateboarder	A skateboarder uses a ramp.
missed goal soccer for little The kick a kid the just	The little kid just missed a soccer kick for the goal
abdomen. man a rolled blue up A shirt that wearing is above his is	A man is wearing a blue shirt that is rolled up above his abdomen.
A standing near bike a rack. woman	A woman standing near a bike rack.
tangled its stick. gets A dog a with legs	A dog gets its legs tangled with a stick.
red a shirt with hitting a girl a pink ball tennis young racket A in	A young girl in a red shirt hitting a tennis ball with a pink racket
white its mouth and blue something carrying black brown orange its in mouth. in carrying and bigger is small dog a is something dog A	A small white dog is carrying something blue in its mouth and a bigger brown and black dog is carrying something orange in its mouth.
cars brown front older in white of two person and A a in building.	A person in brown and two older cars in front of a white building.
This is skiing. person	This person is skiing.
for together to people a Three show dance prepare	Three people dance together to prepare for a show
protesting against are coal. People	People are protesting against coal.
a brown in runs A dog field.	A brown dog runs in a field.
swims the aqua in dog water. A	A dog swims in the aqua water.
camera. the A food at smiling eating child and	A child eating food and smiling at the camera.
the is the jumping on couch to dog	the dog is jumping on to the couch
along A ledge. in stripes walking a boy	A boy in stripes walking along a ledge.
carts. pushing red car little are Parents in children	Parents are pushing little children in red car carts.
black toy. are playing Two dog an dogs with orange stuffed	Two black dogs are playing with an orange stuffed dog toy.
tee-shirt in and sunglasses white a american african smiles. An	An african american in sunglasses and a white tee-shirt smiles.
A in standing writing trees it. red while sign wall dressed and in behind a with a on concrete couple holds front of blue large of man a	A man dressed in blue holds a sign while standing behind a couple of trees and in front of a large concrete wall with red writing on it.
bikini girl in saying A a sign hugs wears ". a free "	A girl in a bikini wears a sign saying " free hugs ".
A pitch. mound the into pitcher his baseball on leaning	A baseball pitcher on the mound leaning into his pitch.
on chained A right smiles. looks and boy to swing the a	A boy on a chained swing looks to the right and smiles.
at beard dancing. white man with shirt a drink Overweight bar, holding a in	Overweight man with beard in white shirt holding a drink at a bar, dancing.
A row the grass. on line men in of motorbikes up	A row of men on motorbikes line up in the grass.
blonde boy holding blue A is a umbrella.	A blonde boy is holding a blue umbrella.
rock a climbs river. the side of a steep that man overlooks up A	A man climbs up the side of a steep rock that overlooks a river.
a at trees. ciff on looking and person standing down A plains	A person standing on a ciff looking down at plains and trees.
a A mouth dog near white dog. opens its smaller	A white dog opens its mouth near a smaller dog.
chair. jumps a a a toys pillow with striped with in red A a boy and and a bed covering onto room diaper in	A boy in a diaper jumps onto a bed with a striped covering and red pillow in a room with toys and a chair.
large head. on glasses, A wearing hooded piece and woman earrings, hoop her a	A woman wearing glasses, large hoop earrings, and a hooded piece on her head.
on workers Two construction sitting an I-beam.	Two construction workers sitting on an I-beam.
Two a pink girls in playground. little in are	Two little girls in pink are in a playground.
colorful a lot wears woman A a shirt jewelry. of and	A woman wears a colorful shirt and a lot of jewelry.
and black white the into A dog jumping air.	A black and white dog jumping into the air.
getting into ready climb straps him wall. to the black as man the all black harness A wearing a boy	A boy getting ready as the man wearing all black straps him into a black harness to climb the wall.
the man long from cloudy bird partly a a net. with catches A sky	A man catches a bird from the partly cloudy sky with a long net.
lake. a landing swan A in	A swan landing in a lake.
a teeth a brown dog is park. another bearing One in with green brown at collar its dog	One brown dog is bearing its teeth at another brown dog with a green collar in a park.
a Two people beach with along run seagulls	Two people run along a beach with seagulls
a A kitchen. newspaper carries a through dog	A dog carries a newspaper through a kitchen.
pants woman wall. a A rock and cropped climbs a black shirt in white	A woman in a white shirt and black cropped pants climbs a rock wall.
man with red blue holding a in and and ball white stripe. a A is black	A man in black and white is holding a ball with a red and blue stripe.
blurry water. dog through A jumps	A blurry dog jumps through water.
dogs dog Two that has chase a ball. another	Two dogs chase another dog that has a ball.
man playing cricket. white clothes wearing A	A man wearing white clothes playing cricket.
down girls Four on up sand jumping are the and ocean. the near	Four girls are jumping up and down on the sand near the ocean.
platform. tiled for waiting train on People	People waiting for train on tiled platform.
white dog of through is brown A grass. and jumping field black a	A black and white dog is jumping through a field of brown grass.
wearing white little barefoot, a and girl A shoreline. shirt brown skirt sandy runs along the	A little girl barefoot, wearing a white shirt and brown skirt runs along the sandy shoreline.
held watches woman. another holding a boy A a next on, man boy to by while a hose	A boy holding a hose next to a man while another boy watches on, held by a woman.
his ready baseball The up to holds player bat swing.	The baseball player holds up his bat ready to swing.
young beach. at A the kid	A young kid at the beach.
on stunt type person bicycle. A riding BMX a of	A person stunt riding on a BMX type of bicycle.
on as in jumps look little class ballet girl A in others two	A little girl jumps in ballet in class as two others look on
to cliff. man a climb a down A pink using rope	A man using a pink rope to climb down a cliff.
rides on shoulders. a A child man's	A child rides on a man's shoulders.
drinking fun have Two men	Two men have fun drinking
at fruit shopping People a stand.	People shopping at a fruit stand.
his A racer runs bicycle up a ramp bike. with	A bicycle racer runs up a ramp with his bike.
bale A hanging a from hay loader. child	A child hanging from a hay bale loader.
a in girl bucket. white wets A her head	A girl wets her head in a white bucket.
a pink the Two splash cap. wearing swim is water, children through one	Two children splash through the water, one is wearing a pink swim cap.
and guys photo. act pose a for Two silly	Two guys act silly and pose for a photo.
looking A a building elegant and man a over balcony woman at an	A man and a woman looking over a balcony at an elegant building
a up person A is walking hill snowy	A person is walking up a snowy hill
lean around laughing. a girls tree, Two	Two girls lean around a tree, laughing.
Children large of to trying a bubbles. building play outside catch	Children play outside of a building trying to catch large bubbles.
in Dog jumping the sea.	Dog jumping in the sea.
in playing Two field. cricket young children a	Two young children playing cricket in a field.
a cork. blue of boy hat A points towards a bowl with full	A boy with a blue hat points towards a bowl full of cork.
teenagers of a Two in hockey. field game participate	Two teenagers participate in a game of field hockey.
in guys around near horse shirts white park. a The	The guys in white shirts horse around near a park.
woman plays rottweiler with dog outside. A her	A woman plays with her rottweiler dog outside.
wiping his on nose his blond boy blue a shirt	a blond boy wiping his nose on his blue shirt
sit three tier fountain. front a men of Two on in bench a	Two men sit on a bench in front of a three tier fountain.
arm his a A with around smiling man smiling woman.	A smiling man with his arm around a smiling woman.
mirror. a of big group round room a people by a in congregated are	a group of people are congregated in a room by a big round mirror.
playing stick the a water in dogs with Two	Two dogs playing in the water with a stick
way leads the race. in A man a	A man leads the way in a race.
of jumps a on skateboard front man house. in off the his street A up young	A young man jumps up off his skateboard on the street in front of a house.
dressed outfit baseball. to in sports catch A a male a tries	A male dressed in a sports outfit tries to catch a baseball.
plant. near is a flowering of blue bloom flying the insect A	A blue insect is flying near the bloom of a flowering plant.
A sliding in downhill. bright a skier jacket green	A skier in a bright green jacket sliding downhill.
in talking shirt Man white phone on	Man in white shirt talking on phone
standing swimming trunks against man in some A is rocks.	A man in swimming trunks is standing against some rocks.
toy. Terrier with plays centipede Yorkshire multicolor	Yorkshire Terrier plays with multicolor centipede toy.
rain. Two a on huddle hoodies the doorstep in people wearing	Two people wearing hoodies huddle on a doorstep in the rain.
black in white stick carrying a mouth. its and is A dog	A black and white dog is carrying a stick in its mouth.
to running sidewalk river. next down children a a Three	Three children running down a sidewalk next to a river.
A man is market cowboy through hat in into a his a walking pocket. reaching and	A man in a cowboy hat is walking through a market and reaching into his pocket.
in dirt racing biker A mud covered	A dirt biker covered in mud racing
laughs playground Boy while in hat tan near sitting equipment.	Boy in tan hat laughs while sitting near playground equipment.
mouth a its walking a dog through A towel in carrying white stream	A dog walking through a stream carrying a white towel in its mouth
carrying items walking people city street. various Two a down	Two people carrying various items walking down a city street.
cone. a ice and dog enjoys cream black	a black dog enjoys and ice cream cone.
A game. hockey	A hockey game.
dogs urinating Two on fire are the red hydrant.	Two dogs are urinating on the red fire hydrant.
the Two splash water. dogs through	Two dogs splash through the water.
is bent tree. A walking up dog a black and white	A black and white dog is walking up a bent tree.
hat a A and red woman bandanna. a in a man red bandanna wearing by red followed	A woman wearing a red hat and red bandanna followed by a man in a red bandanna.
a huge boy paddling is splash making in pool. A a	A boy is making a huge splash in a paddling pool.
with on they hold girls ice. two hands another The skate the one while	The two girls hold hands with one another while they skate on the ice.
in race. of A bicycle group a people	A group of people in a bicycle race.
street along three in walks a to trees. the A next woman swimsuit	A woman in a swimsuit walks along the street next to three trees.
beside railing A stands a kart boy track. go a at	A boy stands beside a railing at a go kart track.
in is looking the snow. Lassie A young dog	A young Lassie looking dog is in the snow.
with woman backpack with A building outside sitting a a others.	A woman with a backpack sitting outside a building with others.
GRAHAM across water. boat races marked Red	Red boat marked GRAHAM races across water.
helmet yellow A cyclist and in a jersey.	A cyclist in a helmet and yellow jersey.
in with puppies chew red a play toy field. Two a	Two puppies play with a red chew toy in a field.
front of view. The pauses the traveller mountain in	The traveller pauses in front of the mountain view.
runs mouth. stick The dog a through grass the its in carrying	The dog runs through the grass carrying a stick in its mouth.
young on girl A running grass	A young girl running on grass
jersey red a sports a player a hockey A taking drink of in out bottle	A hockey player in a red jersey taking a drink out of a sports bottle
whilst and white a dog snow brown stone a falling. wall night on stands at is	a white and brown dog stands on a stone wall at night whilst snow is falling.
in couch a mall middle sitting a large a of the woman on brown	a woman sitting on a large brown couch in the middle of a mall
attempting mouth. dog in Frisbee a is catch brown A its to	A brown dog is attempting to catch a Frisbee in its mouth.
football player a running with A football. is	A football player is running with a football.
is The practicing beautiful horse. jumps white a rider on	The rider is practicing jumps on a beautiful white horse.
red on A jacket a playground. wearing a child blond climbs small	A small blond child wearing a red jacket climbs on a playground.
snows. white in outside yard a while it plays fenced dog A	A white dog plays outside in a fenced yard while it snows.
equipment behind A her toward reach bars. climbing playground up child from while is small hands	A small child is climbing up playground equipment while hands reach toward her from behind bars.
person of doing dance children routine A are a another while white bunch in jumps rope.	A bunch of children in white are doing a dance routine while another person jumps rope.
street. a Many race on a people in run	Many people run in a race on a street.
is catching the dog The while a ball, black one white watches.	The black dog is catching a ball, while the white one watches.
dressed blue A jumps outside. baby in	A baby dressed in blue jumps outside.
inflatable in down ride. slides boy red an A	A boy in red slides down an inflatable ride.
child wearing purple black baseball. and playing A	A child wearing black and purple playing baseball.
red tails with grassy together field Five play balls. with on dogs blue large and long a	Five large dogs with long tails play together on a grassy field with blue and red balls.
wearing person climbing a helmet is cliff. a yellow A	A person wearing a yellow helmet is climbing a cliff.
sitting fountain a of on edge the They are	They are sitting on the edge of a fountain
in by sitting canoe a lake. Man beached a	Man sitting in a beached canoe by a lake.
a are petting acting a The are or and in duck scene the children chicken. zoo like in	The children in the scene are in a petting zoo and are acting like a duck or chicken.
the at a Taking beach vacationing break while	Taking a break while vacationing at the beach
motorcycle of popping A people. in a a wheelie group of front	A motorcycle popping a wheelie in front of a group of people.
the buildings on Skiers to snow near below resort range. mountain the the are	Skiers are on the snow near to the resort buildings below the mountain range.
with woman hooded wearing blue, headband a a jacket. yellow red and A	A woman with a headband wearing a blue, yellow and red hooded jacket.
a playground at are playing boys Four	Four boys are playing at a playground
dog crossing A a black stream	A black dog crossing a stream
down boy sand A a surfing hill	A boy sand surfing down a hill
a woman purse woven a a and woman white a white red and t-shirt A red green in hat in hat. basket talking to a with is shirt	A woman in a white hat and a white t-shirt with a red basket woven purse is talking to a woman in a green shirt and red hat.
the girl is as airborne lake. falls into she young The	The young girl is airborne as she falls into the lake.
colorful A of crowd people dresses. in	A crowd of people in colorful dresses.
station. at a bus sit backpacks with older men Two	Two older men with backpacks sit at a bus station.
water Person in in a an standing yellow oar by with hand. their boat the	Person standing in the water by a yellow boat with an oar in their hand.
a dogs, Three holding snow. red standing in Frisbee, one	Three dogs, one holding a red Frisbee, standing in snow.
on a rock boy cliff. cartwheel does A a	A boy does a cartwheel on a rock cliff.
down people. is two A the red paddled rapids by boat	A red boat is paddled down the rapids by two people.
and foreground. young rides blue merry-go-round adult a boy male in yellow with the hand A an	A young boy rides a blue and yellow merry-go-round with an adult male hand in the foreground.
track fans and black car The the going watch around white race fast is while nearby.	The black and white race car is going fast around the track while fans watch nearby.
and in person yellow A water a air floor. blue the above spout the in	A person in the air above a water spout in the blue and yellow floor.
is shaking water off of dog A itself.	A dog is shaking water off of itself.
operating hat purple video is a in man camera. the The	The man in the purple hat is operating a video camera.
a with dress walks in bags. shopping A striped woman	A woman in a striped dress walks with shopping bags.
a man black passing jacket and wearing window. by leather dark a sunglasses a is	a dark man wearing sunglasses and a black leather jacket is passing by a window.
walking people outside. are around Many	Many people are walking around outside.
in are Two people the waves.	Two people are in the waves.
brown by dog A and black a tree	A brown and black dog by a tree
man a A is the cliff. of climbing side	A man is climbing the side of a cliff.
at are dogs jumping each Two other. up	Two dogs are jumping up at each other.
performing Motorcyclist men watch. while two	Motorcyclist performing while two men watch.
water Dog ball. splashing toward a in red	Dog splashing in water toward a red ball.
many green seats. unoccupied shirted among A man sits red the	A green shirted man sits among the many unoccupied red seats.
grass. girl in ball a is kicking A young soccer the	A young girl is kicking a soccer ball in the grass.
jump the gets water. ready black into dog a to	a black dog gets ready to jump into the water.
man takes cigarette. A out a	A man takes out a cigarette.
area on dogs of a Two in grassy and fighting brown a tree. front white	Two brown and white dogs fighting on a grassy area in front of a tree.
A BMX on bike boy a	A boy on a BMX bike
a wood deck. Two dogs golden on	Two golden dogs on a wood deck.
bridal a is veil wearing a outside young A church. woman	A young woman is wearing a bridal veil outside a church.
a field colored different snowy Several running in dogs	Several different colored dogs running in a snowy field
on Two river. glide swans	Two swans glide on river.
wearing A the a another dark down as dressed person suit and white looks black does same. man in	A man wearing a dark suit looks down as another person dressed in black and white does the same.
man standing A Wharf his head signs terminal. with by sunglasses ferry and is for the on	A man with sunglasses on his head is standing by signs for the Wharf and ferry terminal.
snowboarder a hill. coming is down A	A snowboarder is coming down a hill.
who is wearing dog jacket. and man jumping A jeans at a a up blue is yellow large and	A dog is jumping up at a large man who is wearing jeans and a blue and yellow jacket.
a its holds a mouth. in stick dog	a dog holds a stick in its mouth.
the rides A male in road. skateboard a	A male rides a skateboard in the road.
an orange jumping air the holding and while in girl A is white guitar.	A girl is jumping in the air while holding an orange and white guitar.
a A ball big on his catches dog nose	A big dog catches a ball on his nose
A exhibit People's are ' '. Photographs man entitled and woman an Other at looking	A man and woman are looking at an exhibit entitled ' Other People's Photographs '.
says man with which " Where a A you ? are cigerette " past graffitti walks	A man with a cigerette walks past graffitti which says " Where are you ? "
in rear view A trampoline. girl leotard jumping of a little a a on	A rear view of a little girl in a leotard jumping on a trampoline.
roller coaster. ride People upside-down on a	People ride upside-down on a roller coaster.
spaniel grass. A runs through the	A spaniel runs through the grass.
skateboard pipe man A a a half trick. on doing	A man on a half pipe doing a skateboard trick.
splashing The other the in and water. girls each pool are playing with	The girls are playing in the pool and splashing each other with water.
butting a spotted his dog white with A head. dog	A spotted dog butting a white dog with his head.
at a plate looks steam. filled with A woman	A woman looks at a plate filled with steam.
catches tank girl A fish. top a black in	A girl in black tank top catches a fish.
in with in boat. their the forward competition team of motivation of A the leader races rowing front	A rowing team races forward in competition with the motivation of their leader in front of the boat.
paint everywhere. sitting in of a child young a spilled mess	a young child sitting in a mess of paint spilled everywhere.
the in snow. brown dogs fighting Two	Two brown dogs fighting in the snow.
rural posts area. Orange in dog shoulder, over looks near	Orange dog looks over shoulder, near posts in rural area.
red young A girl a playing is hair swan. with sidewalk on with a	A young girl with red hair is playing on a sidewalk with a swan.
dog mouth. with A through runs the forest something its in	A dog runs through the forest with something in its mouth.
wheelie on pulls The motorcycle racetrack. a red the	The red motorcycle pulls a wheelie on the racetrack.
couch, with fur. Child holding red on white cloth	Child on couch, holding red cloth with white fur.
a the snow. sitting in blue in A on child sled	A child in blue sitting on a sled in the snow.
dogs ball roll a red waves Two while on in. a beach with playing	Two dogs playing on a beach with a red ball while waves roll in.
across track. race two dogs the	two dogs race across the track.
tennis in Puppy carrying mouth. its ball a	Puppy carrying a tennis ball in its mouth.
a a onto A is is of skull in with child on his and handlebars. and holding front sitting building plants shirt some	A child with a skull on his shirt is sitting in front of some plants and a building and is holding onto handlebars.
at the in sand ocean. plays A grey the dog	A grey dog plays in the sand at the ocean.
waters big A and are city. in woman a edge child at a	A child and a woman are at waters edge in a big city.
a red a outfits wearing woman up street child and a walking both	a woman and a child both wearing red outfits walking up a street
Three walkway. running together paved on a dogs	Three dogs running together on a paved walkway.
yard are with tall a fence. Two together a large playing dogs in	Two large dogs are playing together in a yard with a tall fence.
yard A man does work.	A man does yard work.
empty A at is woman a station. an train for waiting train	A woman is waiting for a train at an empty train station.
dogs in the Two sand. playing are	Two dogs are playing in the sand.
little a by girls play pool. hotel Two	Two little girls play by a hotel pool.
yellow carrying on drums the in People marching grass shirts	People marching on the grass in yellow shirts carrying drums
in there's man back A bike the with close air on his guy by. in his water is the and the another with bike	A man is in the air with his bike and there's another guy on his bike in the back with the water close by.
a area. small A dog a though outdoor ball, after red leafy runs	A small dog runs after a red ball, though a leafy outdoor area.
dirt. running across Black dog	Black dog running across dirt.
down who on wearing a has lots walks of person make-up street. a jacket pink A	A person wearing a pink jacket who has lots of make-up on walks down a street.
a community. path active an man down A through rollerblading	A man rollerblading down a path through an active community.
A girl is pasture. grassy a young walking through	A young girl is walking through a grassy pasture.
to underneath something bends paint A her. down girl	A girl bends down to paint something underneath her.
with in women, background. beach two man, a A two on dogs the buildings and	A man, two women, and two dogs on a beach with buildings in the background.
around their young car. hang boys out Some	Some young boys hang out around their car.
wade Two the in dogs water.	Two dogs wade in the water.
party. costume the A red and at lady a camera grins at black in	A lady in red and black grins at the camera at a costume party.
wearing boat. grey a a hat out a man of fishing fishing	a man wearing a grey hat fishing out of a fishing boat.
brown down a built float of street a on in the water. city boat People	People in a brown boat float down the street of a city built on water.
surrounded Children a jumping huts. in by pool pool and chairs	Children jumping in a pool surrounded by pool chairs and huts.
navigate dog obstacle A a an and man course.	A man and a dog navigate an obstacle course.
a blonde ride young A girl to tries skateboard.	A young blonde girl tries to ride a skateboard.
reaching swimming children seal. a toward out Two	Two children reaching out toward a swimming seal.
a outside The sitting large are on people two bench	The two large people are sitting outside on a bench
the Two ocean. dogs playing in	Two dogs playing in the ocean.
young a car children two of sitting trunk the in	two young children sitting in the trunk of a car
man on a black wave. surfboard in A a rides wetsuit a	A man in a black wetsuit rides a surfboard on a wave.
for dog jumping Frisbee	dog jumping for Frisbee
a with an game. child playing is mole style arcade fish A whack	A child is playing with an arcade whack a mole style fish game.
white Frisbee in a its with A and dog mouth. jumping red is brown	A brown and white dog is jumping with a red Frisbee in its mouth.
people pond, by are their next to bikes. a sitting Two	Two people are sitting by a pond, next to their bikes.
pants as A boy walks. back young hand in has the he his his of	A young boy has his hand in the back of his pants as he walks.
The band. on a a guitarist in is who spotlight playing is	The spotlight is on a guitarist who is playing in a band.
A boxer the leaps in snow.	A boxer leaps in the snow.
on the wait Asian people sidewalk. Three	Three Asian people wait on the sidewalk.
a rock man formation. poses in A large of front	A man poses in front of a large rock formation.
stage. on in Some white women a perform	Some women in white perform on a stage.
a man up motocross A red bike his in rock. pushes	A man in red pushes his motocross bike up a rock.
cart. Two boys happily pull	Two boys happily pull cart.
into water. Seven people jumping	Seven people jumping into water.
in his of A his front cooks orange outdoors dinner tent man	A man cooks his dinner outdoors in front of his orange tent
brown grass. high of dog field A jumps on a	A brown dog jumps high on a field of grass.
a is standing in lamp a a with crevice of a hardhat a wearing cave. man blue	a man wearing a blue hardhat with a lamp is standing in a crevice of a cave.
over and dog a of animals. watches heard A brown black	A brown and black dog watches over a heard of animals.
is bow. in violin The red and a black holding girl and	The girl in red and black is holding a violin and bow.
balloons floor. a the dances little A room with girl on in	A little girl dances in a room with balloons on the floor.
climbing attached whilst rock a helmet climber an orange in to a is face. A ascending rope	A climber in an orange helmet is ascending attached to a rope whilst climbing a rock face.
is in skier the A air.	A skier is in the air.
each field. in a Two dogs other greet grass snowy	Two dogs greet each other in a snowy grass field.
blue into a girl air. shirt A in leaps the	A girl in a blue shirt leaps into the air.
on A trampoline. a gets dog	A dog gets on a trampoline.
camera black in is canon the white. on chewing the and a grass dog white setting camera Black and	Black and white dog chewing on a canon camera setting in the grass the camera is black and white.
on a steer. horse cowboy ropes A a	A cowboy on a horse ropes a steer.
a A young man another man in can. holding beside beverage a young stands crowd	A young man stands in a crowd beside another young man holding a beverage can.
current Kayacker rough riding downstream.	Kayacker riding rough current downstream.
enjoys swimming pool. A the girl	A girl enjoys the swimming pool.
at standing grass on is night. The dog black the	The black dog is standing on the grass at night.
rail. snowboarder down grinding long A a is concrete	A snowboarder is grinding down a long concrete rail.
body the hiker A tree-lined and of time of water. shadowed by an open day is near	A hiker is shadowed by the time of day near an open and tree-lined body of water.
a mask. wearing woman young A	A young woman wearing a mask.
climbs climbing up wall. artificial an man A	A man climbs up an artificial climbing wall.
rocky shirtless man is on a hill walking A	A shirtless man is walking on a rocky hill
and a A call. jacket of is phone making a Pac-man hair lots person with	A person with lots of hair and a Pac-man jacket is making a phone call.
in dogs face park. off the Two	Two dogs face off in the park.
turn greyhounds around Three track. a in race a muzzled	Three muzzled greyhounds race around a turn in a track.
wearing green peace playing is girl and neon other A haired floaties and sign glasses a pool with in kids. red the making	A red haired girl making a peace sign is wearing neon green glasses and floaties and playing in the pool with other kids.
an Dog outdoor during dog performing show.	Dog performing during an outdoor dog show.
on doing is city. tricks a in bicycle a A person	A person is doing tricks on a bicycle in a city.
man without a is shirt A climbing rock	A man is rock climbing without a shirt
ball basketball try the with to while player block A him. opponents leaps	A basketball player leaps with the ball while opponents try to block him.
up couch man public sitting a busy A area. curls on while in a	A man curls up while sitting on a couch in a busy public area.
and the in wakeboards vest A for red smiles camera. man a	A man wakeboards in a red vest and smiles for the camera.
a playing distance. soccer at Four people	Four people playing soccer at a distance.
A red the midair man swim is in below. in water above the people in trunks	A man in red swim trunks is in midair above the people in the water below.
on counter. grocery dog A a at curious bags sniffs	A curious dog sniffs at grocery bags on a counter.
with guitar blonde Person flyaway hair playing	Person with blonde flyaway hair playing guitar
victory wrestler celebrating a his	a wrestler celebrating his victory
wearing and hat. is one modifications a men standing the other Two : are body has	Two men are standing : one has body modifications and the other is wearing a hat.
alone. sleeved in An a long is a street older down shirt cobblestone man walking black	An older man in a long sleeved black shirt is walking down a cobblestone street alone.
man a suit a in pink white shirt and plays guitar. A	A man in a white suit and a pink shirt plays guitar.
lights girl in shirt candles. orange A an	A girl in an orange shirt lights candles.
snow with its mouth. snowball it dog is A a running on	A dog is running on snow with a snowball it its mouth.
man Kids shirt are on by. no a on a as playing with swing set walks	Kids are playing on a swing set as a man with no shirt on walks by.
A a platform. on performs acrobatic dog stunts	A dog performs acrobatic stunts on a platform.
tree. to young a next a wears A dalmatian hat	A young dalmatian wears a hat next to a tree.
football football up a catch to brown jersey a jumping a player in	a football player in a brown jersey jumping up to catch a football
slanted gray up tree. a dog A climbs	A gray dog climbs up a slanted tree.
with horses race the along two riders, track.	two horses with riders, race along the track.
The blue German catch ball. dog a shepherd is to trying	The German shepherd dog is trying to catch a blue ball.
hanging the the A lines. from power is in air person	A person is hanging in the air from the power lines.
grassy front in tongue of cream with dog forest and Brown out	Brown and cream dog with tongue out in front of grassy forest
shirts beer depicting they how Two women like much wear	Two women wear shirts depicting how much they like beer
snowboarder A snow. a of is mound flip a doing over	A snowboarder is doing a flip over a mound of snow.
in some children toilet three The the played paper grass. young with	The three young children played with some toilet paper in the grass.
the swing water. person uses over a A rope	A person uses a rope swing over the water.
building t-shirt a jumping A ridding wearing with jeans and a many skateboard windows. background in boy red a with the blue	A boy jumping ridding a skateboard wearing blue jeans and a red t-shirt with a building in the background with many windows.
in Child bed white jumping on	Child in white jumping on bed
a play sprinkler. adults with Children and	Children and adults play with a sprinkler.
jacket at small life looking white wearing an A man his orange dog	A man looking at his small white dog wearing an orange life jacket
while jumps a young white red girl and A guitar. playing	A young girl jumps while playing a red and white guitar.
woman A skiing	A woman skiing
a female and climb A trying of is to pigtails white out green in playpen. toddler	A female toddler in pigtails is trying to climb out of a green and white playpen.
outside chairs woman and tables, stands a A near store.	A woman stands near chairs and tables, outside a store.
man looking at produce. A	A man looking at produce.
and a field. with pink in green bright a Frisbee spots catches dog black white A	A white dog with black spots catches a bright green and pink Frisbee in a field.
of A staircase. is a sleeping at homeless outside the top man	A homeless man is sleeping outside at the top of a staircase.
the autumn. the among in leaves The plays child	The child plays among the leaves in the autumn.
water Three into under children are a the jumping palm tree.	Three children are jumping into the water under a palm tree.
newspaper man and shirt black suit, white a holding a black is The wearing shoes.	The man holding a newspaper is wearing a white suit, black shirt and black shoes.
black dog running. A	A black dog running.
pants a on butterfly a of back. has pink her tattoo The woman wearing	The woman wearing pink pants has a tattoo of a butterfly on her back.
a on Man bike dirt	Man on a dirt bike
shirt and dark going a little in down a slide. boy striped blue light A	A little boy in a striped shirt going down a light and dark blue slide.
man road. A a the up speeding on motorcycle green	A man on a green motorcycle speeding up the road.
bike the slope. riding rider Dirt down	Dirt bike rider riding down the slope.
boy climbing. is rock A	A boy is rock climbing.
bubbles air. looking at girls Two in the	Two girls looking at bubbles in the air.
young cap goggles and head. and girl yellow has blue a swim patterned swim is a black A wearing her swimsuit, on blue	A young girl is wearing a blue patterned swimsuit, a black and yellow swim cap and has blue swim goggles on her head.
in signer green A light. standing	A signer standing in green light.
climbing is over woman mountain A steep up a water.	A woman is climbing up a steep mountain over water.
A stick. carries a dog large	A dog carries a large stick.
ocean. cliff stand on the people Two overlooking a	Two people stand on a cliff overlooking the ocean.
with dog of white. brown a and field dog brown patches with black a A in grassy	A black and brown dog with a brown dog in a grassy field with patches of white.
near skateboarder site. a a The construction trick does	The skateboarder does a trick near a construction site.
his shirt. on his A blond light nose blue boy wipes	A blond boy wipes his nose on his light blue shirt.
girl little her a out candles. blows	a little girl blows out her candles.
the in for smiles A hand. beer with camera a man	A man smiles for the camera with a beer in hand.
woman man of An a holding brown onto are lawn chairs on leash and the sitting elderly dog.	An elderly man and woman are sitting on lawn chairs holding onto the leash of a brown dog.
wagon. in back A large folks a the of of variety	A variety of folks in the back of a large wagon.
scaling with a climber hat is cliff. A blue icy rock an	A climber with a blue hat is scaling an icy rock cliff.
an with man. adult shirtless dances child A	A shirtless child dances with an adult man.
bound the dogs gray shirt on in A as hair lawn brown and girl relaxes a around her.	A girl in a gray shirt and brown hair relaxes on the lawn as dogs bound around her.
a pier. fishing People off	People fishing off a pier.
poolside in background. equipment a with holding Man near building white steps	Man holding equipment near steps poolside with a white building in background.
A a shirt field. wearing a pink young is and through jeans running flowered girl	A young girl wearing a pink shirt and jeans is running through a flowered field.
man street. of shirt near a wearing red the holding a a girl a hand	a girl wearing a red shirt holding the hand of a man near a street.
him plush old sitting huge in with person chair of her. a laying on white An is dog or top a	An old person is sitting in a plush chair with a huge white dog laying on top of him or her.
jumping the ground. A man hard on	A man jumping on the hard ground.
are striking pose a the for The camera. clowns	The clowns are striking a pose for the camera.
is A home. someone's the dog of backyard leashed in	A leashed dog is in the backyard of someone's home.
bed. play the dogs together on Two	Two dogs play together on the bed.
small helping a person baby down a blue a slide	a person helping a small baby down a blue slide
snowy Dog with purple in field. the a running toy	Dog running with a purple toy in the snowy field.
of giving to lecture statue. Man interested a clue in people front	Man giving lecture to interested people in front of a clue statue.
the sits on a rock. woman	a woman sits on the rock.
and is snowboarder jump a air. in is A the doing big	A snowboarder is doing a big jump and is in the air.
uniforms in are running. numbered dogs The	The dogs in numbered uniforms are running.
pink a on in girl beach. A chases a suit a gull	A girl in a pink suit chases a gull on a beach.
man blue shirt a wearing neck around his headphones his and A raises arm.	A man wearing a blue shirt and headphones around his neck raises his arm.
player in a Oklahoma A University by tackled is white player. football being	A football player in white is being tackled by a Oklahoma University player.
in lawn chairs people outside. talking Several	Several people in lawn chairs talking outside.
black wearing and person jumps A on a motorbike. red uniform a	A person wearing a red and black uniform jumps on a motorbike.
girl on boy a swing. pushes little a little the	a little girl pushes a little boy on the swing.
Three the children on tricycles path. are riding	Three children are riding tricycles on the path.
the muzzles Two dogs wearing play white in grass.	Two white dogs wearing muzzles play in the grass.
dogs water. in two the play	two dogs play in the water.
dogs. yard man the with The in two is playing	The man is playing in the yard with two dogs.
in of different dogs in playing brown Three shades the water. are	Three dogs in different shades of brown are playing in the water.
being dog small by wave A the in hit is a ocean.	A dog is being hit by a small wave in the ocean.
field. boy over-alls in bubbles a A in blowing	A boy in over-alls blowing bubbles in a field.
Three people in recline massage chairs.	Three people recline in massage chairs.
picture taking is in A girl park. another a of girl a	A girl is taking a picture of another girl in a park.
and A by trees. surrounded brown animal white	A brown and white animal surrounded by trees.
soccer playing Two while colliding guys	Two guys colliding while playing soccer
dogs ground fallen running leaves. white with on Two colorful covered	Two white dogs running on ground covered with colorful fallen leaves.
lounge. People a in lit dimly	People in a dimly lit lounge.
the up white jumps hit A wearing match. during tennis woman to ball a	A woman wearing white jumps up to hit the ball during a tennis match.
are green wearing shirt, other a the wearing Two rollerblading. one red men,	Two men, one wearing a green shirt, the other wearing red are rollerblading.
a young and white shorts shirt a red ball man a kicking wearing	a young man wearing a white shirt and red shorts kicking a ball
running There girl little is a on beach. the	There is a little girl running on the beach.
pushes father A while girl another watches his go-kart daughters	A father pushes his daughters go-kart while another girl watches
A hand. ledge rock a chalk covered with climber his grasps	A rock climber grasps a ledge with his chalk covered hand.
that dog One is dog carrying something along is the mouth its chasing beach. in another	One dog is chasing another dog that is carrying something in its mouth along the beach.
winter an wearing boy in A clothing igloo	A boy wearing winter clothing in an igloo
uniform a is girl in of field athletic an An playing grass and on orange a ball. at green swinging	An athletic girl in an orange uniform is on a playing field of green grass and swinging at a ball.
with park. Two playing a plastic in bags girls	Two girls playing with plastic bags in a park.
A in prey. lioness its closes on	A lioness closes in on its prey.
spreads wings over water. Bird	Bird spreads wings over water.
people Dog a while catch watch. to jumps Frisbee	Dog jumps to catch a Frisbee while people watch.
with Guy jacket jumping water ski off bridge into	Guy with ski jacket jumping off bridge into water
in with a a A grey is shirt a man on boat flag.	A man in a grey shirt is on a boat with a flag.
a is unicycle. stairway, one stone Two walk men a riding down	Two men walk down a stone stairway, one is riding a unicycle.
A swinging softball at player a pitch.	A softball player swinging at a pitch.
a punching. small uniform in A karate is child	A small child in a karate uniform is punching.
wearing brown porch The on jacket. is a lady the	The lady on the porch is wearing a brown jacket.
dyed striped cellphone. girl A talking a clothing hair on red wearing with	A girl with dyed red hair wearing striped clothing talking on a cellphone.
a girl fairy a in A and purple is riding young, pink blonde tricycle. outfit	A young, blonde girl in a fairy outfit is riding a pink and purple tricycle.
yellow front little book shirt A is of is a him. in boy looking a someone at with holding	A little boy with a yellow shirt is looking at a book someone is holding in front of him.
and is wetsuit up toddler in in catch man is to a the ready him. a air A throwing	A man in a wetsuit is throwing a toddler up in the air and is ready to catch him.
and shelf. black wearing stuffed standing white hanging shirt amongst striped a Woman and on animals	Woman wearing black and white striped shirt standing amongst stuffed animals hanging and on a shelf.
around the Three dogs snow. playing in are	Three dogs are playing around in the snow.
of street old walking the down group men a	a group of old men walking down the street
dog a dog a ramp. runs	a dog runs dog a ramp.
the people black Two dogs on walk leashes over grass.	Two people walk black dogs on leashes over the grass.
green a motorcycle a corner a rides around man	a man rides a green motorcycle around a corner
runs the mud. dog through black a black	a black dog runs through the black mud.
before stand goggles pool. a children with Two	Two children with goggles stand before a pool.
dog a hoop. white jumping through A and black	A dog jumping through a black and white hoop.
marches dancer parade. in young The the	The young dancer marches in the parade.
looks next water. a in out the stands railing pink at to and Lady Tinkerbell jacket the	Lady in a pink Tinkerbell jacket stands next to the railing and looks out at the water.
yellow soccer A red boy at a young stuffed looks and ball.	A young boy looks at a yellow and red stuffed soccer ball.
food of birds beaks. in away with fly A flock their	A flock of birds fly away with food in their beaks.
yellow down to a enter sliding A a about young pool after slide. boy	A young boy about to enter a pool after sliding down a yellow slide.
A in rides dressed a parade. Santa as man	A man dressed as Santa rides in a parade.
on dog white A runs beach. the	A white dog runs on the beach.
sand The in fallen on of dog is running white front bushes. the	The white dog is running on the sand in front of fallen bushes.
lined on street. up group is rollerbladers of A the	A group of rollerbladers is lined up on the street.
the left is looking the at man. man The on woman the and	The man on the left is looking at the woman and the man.
large together of people outside of house. a group a posing	a large group of people posing together outside of a house.
leaps A air the ocean. while into girl by standing the	A girl leaps into the air while standing by the ocean.
riding a on street motorcycle down couple a the	a couple riding down the street on a motorcycle
playing water. some and kids are running in Two	Two kids are running and playing in some water.
on young the playing beach. girls Three	Three young girls playing on the beach.
sidewalk. running on the and white brown Little dog	Little brown and white dog running on the sidewalk.
people of object two sort some the distance in climbing	two people climbing some sort of object in the distance
Skateboarders staircase to on doing next are tricks mirror buildings. a	Skateboarders are doing tricks on a staircase next to mirror buildings.
a on dog action is grassy in area. black A	A black dog is in action on a grassy area.
a pool a person to some chairs next in swimming table. A and	A person swimming in a pool next to some chairs and a table.
a dog stick. jumps A large forward carrying	A dog jumps forward carrying a large stick.
helmet a bike. does A on his a in man jump	A man in a helmet does a jump on his bike.
One the through striped young shirt jungle. boy in on chasing another boy a a is path	One young boy in a striped shirt is chasing another boy on a path through the jungle.
black an orange in the water. dog holding object A	A black dog holding an orange object in the water.
beach. windsurfs man A near the	A man windsurfs near the beach.
splashes A holding the a laughing in girl ocean bucket	A laughing girl holding a bucket splashes in the ocean
running is with football helmet gold player a A in football. a	A football player in a gold helmet is running with a football.
A is a red wearing and helmet a woman smiling. holding rope	A woman wearing a red helmet is holding a rope and smiling.
pool. into A a young jumping boy	A young boy jumping into a pool.
at showing growls A its as shepherd shepherd. German it another teeth is German	A German shepherd is showing its teeth as it growls at another German shepherd.
A of flamboyant troupe clowns.	A troupe of flamboyant clowns.
pulls cigarettes carton. scarf an A from pack in of a a orange woman	A woman in an orange scarf pulls a pack of cigarettes from a carton.
Two at wave them laugh a beach. the as girls hits small	Two small girls laugh as a wave hits them at the beach.
people many reading. around stand	many people stand around reading.
Three boys litter. for of one and another with are bag struggling reaching	Three boys are struggling with one another and reaching for bag of litter.
boy flower is outside a a skateboard. over A bush on jumping	A boy is outside jumping over a flower bush on a skateboard.
jumps boy A water to from below. rock high a cliff the	A boy jumps from a high rock cliff to the water below.
his A boogie a man on foot board. beach, on a with	A man on a beach, with his foot on a boogie board.
a front of Three for photo tree in women are posing christmas a	Three women are posing for a photo in front of a christmas tree
a at it black-striped paw. pinned looking has a cat is A cord with	A black-striped cat is looking at a cord it has pinned with a paw.
Two boulder. a a and man on children	Two children and a man on a boulder.
a Two in pulling people are life pond a raft.	Two people are in a pond pulling a life raft.
wooden by left. are looking their to girls wall off standing a Two	Two girls are standing by a wooden wall looking off to their left.
laughed The the boy he pool. swam as in	The boy laughed as he swam in the pool.
is sitting and a jeans A reading book. on bench camouflage in a c cap man	A man in c camouflage cap and jeans is sitting on a bench reading a book.
orange child pathway. t-shirt an A is beside a a riding bike in green	A child in an orange t-shirt is riding a green bike beside a pathway.
them with Two of guys one jump performing skateboards trick. riding a	Two guys riding skateboards with one of them performing a jump trick.
tricycle. girl a little A rides	A little girl rides a tricycle.
boy a arm A his baseball holing young out. with bat	A young boy with a baseball bat holing his arm out.
two bikes riders jumping dirt on	two riders jumping on dirt bikes
holding his over A ball soccer child head. a	A child holding a soccer ball over his head.
a sheep the them. field walking dog grassy on behind with graze Three	Three sheep graze on the grassy field with a dog walking behind them.
through a driving Large the puddle SUV forest. large in	Large SUV driving through a large puddle in the forest.
orange snow dog A is wearing laying the an in jacket	A dog wearing an orange jacket is laying in the snow
in in A little a jumping backyard. girl dress a	A little girl in a dress jumping in a backyard.
safari in by accompanied Woman a man a outfit. sunglasses in	Woman in sunglasses accompanied by a man in a safari outfit.
A shirt and participates runner a blue in a shorts race. in blue	A runner in a blue shirt and blue shorts participates in a race.
boots. A cowboy and woman beige in leggings black	A woman in black leggings and beige cowboy boots.
campsite. tent a on mountain holds A a man	A man holds a tent on a mountain campsite.
is A a a jump a skateboard ramp. doing on with person	A person is doing a jump with a skateboard on a ramp.
dog A races lawn. green young boxer across a	A young boxer dog races across a green lawn.
motocross above rider bike the trees. its are airborne The and red	The red motocross bike and its rider are airborne above the trees.
splash in in muddy puddle Boys the the grass.	Boys splash in the muddy puddle in the grass.
an play. play the area young enclosed netting boy A other three of children behind while poses	A young boy poses behind the netting of an enclosed play area while three other children play.
tug Two play of dogs ball. with a war	Two dogs play tug of war with a ball.
running with and white muzzle. a dog black A is	A black and white dog is running with a muzzle.
top and shorts skateboard. riding tank a A a man wearing	A man wearing shorts and a tank top riding a skateboard.
room bits A living black another a setting dog in dog playfully	A black dog playfully bits another dog in a living room setting
a swimsuit A playing in boy water. gushing is in	A boy in a swimsuit is playing in gushing water.
a ocean churns along them. around Surfers walking the as seawall	Surfers walking along a seawall as the ocean churns around them.
Four ball a in a people court. soccer basketball kicking are	Four people are kicking a soccer ball in a basketball court.
playing on dogs near are ocean. Three shore the black the large	Three large black dogs are playing on the shore near the ocean.
brown dog chasing a This is soccer white and ball.	This brown and white dog is chasing a soccer ball.
A is whilst the man looking buildings. distance walk behind him into between people	A man is looking into the distance whilst people behind him walk between buildings.
pointy A small its and tire stands ears sand a holding in with brown mouth. dog outside white in	A brown and white dog with pointy ears stands outside in sand holding a small tire in its mouth.
a trick a wall. rider covered A does bmx graffiti against	A bmx rider does a trick against a graffiti covered wall.
black the other in each and two running dogs white grass towards	two black and white dogs running towards each other in the grass
Two lot in boy paved boys fighting a with parking watching. dirt another	Two boys fighting in a dirt paved parking lot with another boy watching.
cardboard some outside A a man in sits near boxes. hat	A man in a hat sits outside near some cardboard boxes.
a with magazine. goatee A against cap window a a reads the in leans man and	A man in a cap with a goatee leans against the window and reads a magazine.
rocks. climbs man icy A	A man climbs icy rocks.
are of something of and A people taking looking photos off group camera.	A group of people are looking and taking photos of something off camera.
snow. at skis set looking framed wearing pictures in up A the person	A person wearing skis looking at framed pictures set up in the snow.
with a hair taking picture black A with camera. a is Canon child young	A young child with black hair is taking a picture with a Canon camera.
walking man is A fire. through	A man is walking through fire.
inflatable water. a in rafts collision white Two are involved on blue	Two blue inflatable rafts are involved in a collision on white water.
across dog snow. the A walks	A dog walks across the snow.
" construction traffic a " light, sign St continues. building 3rd Behind and	Behind a " 3rd St " sign and traffic light, building construction continues.
brown sand digging brown a dog with in the a collar	a brown dog with a brown collar digging in the sand
his man camera back water. to overlooking with jacketed A the is the	A jacketed man with his back to the camera is overlooking the water.
beer hand man in with A him. his a behind people and	A man with a beer in his hand and people behind him.
a with desolate Four in a soccer playing are field nearby. people tree	Four people are playing soccer in a desolate field with a tree nearby.
A basketball, playing block to shot. boy a trying	A boy playing basketball, trying to block a shot.
A dog and touching black and sweater dog a white a brown noses. on with	A white dog with a sweater on and a black and brown dog touching noses.
some Two running dogs are grass. on	Two dogs are running on some grass.
ball. soccer Two after are players ball the chasing	Two soccer ball players are chasing after the ball.
wave a into lone surfer large a diving	a lone surfer diving into a large wave
top chili woman A cheese tank a in blue eats a dog. hot	A woman in a blue tank top eats a chili cheese hot dog.
an stage. band outdoor at A performs on	A band performs at on an outdoor stage.
surfboarding girl swim gear wearing is	girl wearing swim gear is surfboarding
close-cropped air. has man haircut the a child into a is that thrown waiting with he A catch to	A man with a close-cropped haircut is waiting to catch a child that he has thrown into the air.
young boy a stands the A in wide. shirt red wearing with open arms street his	A young boy wearing a red shirt stands in the street with his arms open wide.
wedding A in party boy laughing. front a of is standing little	A little boy is standing in front of a wedding party laughing.
on. rail silver men while other three is the look riding skateboarder young The	The skateboarder is riding the silver rail while three other young men look on.
players the race goal. young Two to soccer	Two young soccer players race to the goal.
around his The woman arm mask wearing fake pointed and has is the wearing the man who sunglasses ears.	The man wearing the mask and sunglasses has his arm around the woman who is wearing fake pointed ears.
A holding puppies. newborn is person two	A person is holding two newborn puppies.
at sweater with top Man skateboard purple ramp. the a of	Man with purple sweater at the top of a skateboard ramp.
in love ". seat " that wearing red says baby A baby a a beanie	A baby in a baby seat wearing a red beanie that says " love ".
Young near bright a light. gather adults	Young adults gather near a bright light.
downtown. on bike standing a Man	Man standing on a bike downtown.
a jumping dog is yellow brown pole. hurdle The black a over and	The brown dog is jumping a hurdle over a yellow and black pole.
a on boy a chases bird pier. after A	A boy chases after a bird on a pier.
together. showgirls Two posing are	Two showgirls are posing together.
of fireplace front children, white A of family people, including pose a four mantle. brick with a in nine	A family of nine people, including four children, pose in front of a brick fireplace with a white mantle.
a posing a together behind a and and boy gorgeous waterfall view. man A fence	A man and a boy posing together behind a fence and a gorgeous waterfall view.
dog the towards A runs through the camera. grass	A dog runs through the grass towards the camera.
on kiss people the Two beach.	Two people kiss on the beach.
water Two fountain at a kids a in park. playing	Two kids playing in a fountain at a water park.
red Highland Terriers Two a West chase ball.	Two West Highland Terriers chase a red ball.
photograph. a for a Three doorway people by posing stand	Three people stand by a doorway posing for a photograph.
A in leaps playing black the air while outside. dog	A black dog leaps in the air while playing outside.
girl A the who small comforting while a skating on ice fell is child	A girl is comforting a small child who fell on the ice while skating
sofa. on playing Two a young white boys	Two young boys playing on a white sofa.
a a photograph man kiosk. A and at woman looking	A man and a woman looking at a photograph kiosk.
a stand Two a microphone, has at and women guitar. one	Two women stand at a microphone, and one has a guitar.
standing beside A lined them and a hands road. a on holding dirt couple tree pose woman	A couple holding hands and a woman standing beside them pose on a tree lined dirt road.
a down signing with heads men paper. Two	Two men with heads down signing a paper.
a running behind on tan close with running dog the brown one dog grass	one tan dog running on the grass with a brown dog running close behind
of and girl younger outside child stoop. a on white A home a its blue stands while sits	A girl stands outside of a blue and white home while a younger child sits on its stoop.
a wishing a black in of white well. A has to and dog pinned front the brown dog ground	A black and white dog has pinned a brown dog to the ground in front of a wishing well.
other. wearing Two each walking are next to pullovers children colorful	Two children wearing colorful pullovers are walking next to each other.
ride. on A playing little bouncy girl a a boy little and	A little girl and a little boy playing on a bouncy ride.
Many hillside. water are the people a near in	Many people are in the water near a hillside.
drinks water. cyclist A	A cyclist drinks water.
A a having plain black people conversations of white room. are in five clothes total in	A total of five people in black clothes are having conversations in a plain white room.
a outside building. officers group police of A city	A group of police officers outside a city building.
over high jumps person A a snowy the hill. snowboard riding	A person riding a snowboard jumps high over the snowy hill.
black to on carpet A dog next an a orange. white	A black dog on a white carpet next to an orange.
children four of have pajamas group A pillow fight. wearing a	A group of four children wearing pajamas have a pillow fight.
dog Frisbee. brown jumps up and white for A a white	A white and brown dog jumps up for a white Frisbee.
shoes boy field. across runs red with a A	A boy with red shoes runs across a field.
man front in stands a of red in hat wall. A a black	A man in a black hat stands in front of a red wall.
a to gather upon instruments various hear play People stage. musicians	People gather to hear musicians play various instruments upon a stage.
table. laying coat image A the dressed on paper in paints child a the an white on	A child dressed in a white coat paints an image on the paper laying on the table.
Two swimming. dogs	Two dogs swimming.
vests great effort. People with in orange rowing are	People in orange vests are rowing with great effort.
dock. man A on shirt a lady a no sit with and	A lady and a man with no shirt sit on a dock.
as ball is ready A cricket getting batsman bowling is the to the player run.	A cricket player is bowling the ball as the batsman is getting ready to run.
Walk A Hollywood of skateboarder examines the Fame.	A skateboarder examines the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
The working are stretching football their on legs. players	The football players are working on stretching their legs.
man the stands A foot cart. of two-wheeled a at young	A young man stands at the foot of a two-wheeled cart.
down skier A orange a mountain an races in jacket.	A skier races down a mountain in an orange jacket.
A forest. in misty blue a jumps dirt his in man bike	A man in blue jumps his dirt bike in a misty forest.
climbing rock a are face. People	People are climbing a rock face.
dancing. Three girls	Three girls dancing.
raised. A red a with woman shirt her in arm	A woman in a red shirt with her arm raised.
are sword. Teenagers toy a playing with	Teenagers are playing with a toy sword.
is dog A grass. jumping white in the and black	A black and white dog is jumping in the grass.
dog A carries a through fluffy stick snow.	A fluffy dog carries a stick through snow.
the sit in cliff. of group lawn people large of a edge at chairs A	A group of people sit in lawn chairs at the edge of a large cliff.
A the dog on walks beach.	A dog walks on the beach.
that screen is laptops and being involves conference presentations. big A held	A conference is being held that involves laptops and big screen presentations.
each Two other. hugging kids	Two kids hugging each other.
into is jeans girl blue through a house. A in a small window a peeping and shirt pink	A small girl in a pink shirt and blue jeans is peeping through a window into a house.
playing yellow muddy American field. very are in a footballers in outfits	American footballers in yellow outfits are playing in a very muddy field.
grey sleeping under is A man bearded a tree.	A grey bearded man is sleeping under a tree.
A the a front television on man of sits in with food the fast by meal young him. floor	A young man sits on the floor by the television with a fast food meal in front of him.
Guy in and football red white uniform	Guy in red and white football uniform
car white yellow person a strapped helmet a in into a	a person in a white helmet strapped into a yellow car
A to hat a holds pink a her girl camera in little face.	A little girl in a pink hat holds a camera to her face.
seen flag. riding during a American has Bikers one are an parade,	Bikers are seen riding during a parade, one has an American flag.
grass running trees There the them. are dogs with in behind three	There are three dogs running in the grass with trees behind them.
looking Dog person. being food held at by	Dog looking at food being held by person.
snow through the dogs three race	three dogs race through the snow
is jumping at skirt. a brown woman who a brown wearing a up dog is	a brown dog is jumping up at a woman who is wearing a brown skirt.
city body looking over of through binocular family at a water A is a	A family is looking through binocular at a city over a body of water
A night. the riding his at is on stairs biker bike down	A biker is riding down the stairs on his bike at night.
heavy on man a is sitting and The sleeping. bus	The heavy man is sitting on a bus and sleeping.
man a the trick with a bicycle. is performing A high air in	A man is performing a trick high in the air with a bicycle.
a for people camera. posing are Three	Three people are posing for a camera.
jumping a catch A Frisbee. to dog	A dog jumping to catch a Frisbee.
a catching base. before girl A touches baseball an opponent is	A girl is catching a baseball before an opponent touches base.
headphones. falls A table head his a asleep while with listening on to man	A man falls asleep with his head on a table while listening to headphones.
beach. fathers his arms A boy little on from the jumps	A little boy jumps from his fathers arms on the beach.
city walking burnt in a shirt shoulder street. red man A bag a a along carrying	A man in a burnt red shirt carrying a shoulder bag walking along a city street.
underwater swims A a pool. child in	A child swims underwater in a pool.
bike blue shirt street riding cap and in flashing black Man down sign peace	Man in blue shirt and black cap riding bike down street flashing peace sign
in her fountain. a foot stick to young woman A tries	A young woman tries to stick her foot in a fountain.
on Three tracks in running snow. tire dogs	Three dogs running on tire tracks in snow.
a with A on donkey a car man pulling it	A donkey pulling a car with a man on it
black the sitting shirt laughs man table. wearing while a at A	A man wearing a black shirt laughs while sitting at the table.
ball. A on soccer goalie the catching lays a after ground	A goalie lays on the ground after catching a soccer ball.
running one from away the girls, Two wall.	Two girls, one running away from the wall.
ski a resort	a ski resort
water. large flying a air crane white the the over through	a large white crane flying through the air over the water.
A turn. bike a takes dirt	A dirt bike takes a turn.
man with classes. Smiling reflective	Smiling man with reflective classes.
A dog a chews on stick.	A dog chews on a stick.
jacket riding bike. person a A a mountain red in	A person in a red jacket riding a mountain bike.
is airborne his A with skis crossed. skier	A skier is airborne with his skis crossed.
race. A a turn taking of during bicyclists pack a	A pack of bicyclists taking a turn during a race.
sitting a on in rafts lake. Some are children	Some children are sitting on rafts in a lake.
dog through wearing mask black white and runs face A a field. a	A black and white dog wearing a face mask runs through a field.
Mohawk piercing looking A a colored is a with rainbow man camera. off and	A man with a piercing and a rainbow colored Mohawk is looking off camera.
in a front with a of man foot A one on cathedral. girl little standing	A man standing on one foot with a little girl in front of a cathedral.
guitar A plays another with shirt. with man striped in white a a	A man with a white guitar plays with another in a striped shirt.
white her A dog pups. nurses	A white dog nurses her pups.
a holds drink. to two guards he A as talks man	A man talks to two guards as he holds a drink.
woman stand a long beach behind on shadows Three their below them. with	Three woman stand on a beach below with their shadows long behind them.
pitcher pitching Softball	Softball pitcher pitching
Two red white spar on gear outfits children a mat. protective and in	Two children in white outfits and red protective gear spar on a mat.
helmet on person a doing blue in yellow A motorcycle a tricks. is	A person in a yellow helmet on a blue motorcycle is doing tricks.
outside A on building. lies a dog the steps	A dog lies on the steps outside a building.
a and boy Bean helmet an A wears jacket. LL in the orange snow winking	A winking boy in the snow wears a helmet and an orange LL Bean jacket.
an jogging open field woman on a	a woman jogging on an open field
men with the play on fireworks beach. Two	Two men play with fireworks on the beach.
gray gray purple who A a a shirt. man has and while beard hair laughs wearing	A man who has a gray beard and gray hair laughs while wearing a purple shirt.
scales a in a rock shirt A field. red boulder a man wearing	A man wearing a red shirt scales a rock in a boulder field.
ground desert the of holding in man onto strings feet the parachute. a few off is A a	A man is in the desert a few feet off the ground holding onto strings of a parachute.
jumping A Frisbee. trying dog is the a to catch red air in	A dog is jumping in the air trying to catch a red Frisbee.
with dog playing on A ball a tennis beach brown a	A brown dog playing with a tennis ball on a beach
up in A dirt a tree. boy kicking dust he runs as the is by	A boy is kicking up dust as he runs in the dirt by a tree.
of with A arms. a smile and red a little on outstretched stands rock boy in top	A little boy in red stands on top of a rock with a smile and outstretched arms.
and two snow in the white fighting dogs black	two black and white dogs fighting in the snow
game boy machine. a rides A	A boy rides a game machine.
is bag. with playing white dog plastic A a	A white dog is playing with a plastic bag.
onto as head confetti woman's she a dumps girl A smiles. young	A young girl dumps confetti onto a woman's head as she smiles.
and woman children. A three	A woman and three children.
the brown Two play in water. dogs	Two brown dogs play in the water.
rolling The in dog the dirt. is brown around	The brown dog is rolling around in the dirt.
two snow. their dog and play the in children	two children and their dog play in the snow.
the paw. A in water is its splashing with brown dog light	A light brown dog is splashing in the water with its paw.
room. tables in people a small Several darkened at sitting	Several people sitting at small tables in a darkened room.
Two girlfriends smiling.	Two girlfriends smiling.
the woman a on shirt A street. stands white wearing	A woman wearing a white shirt stands on the street.
do snowboarder crowd of watching tricks. A people a	A crowd of people watching a snowboarder do tricks.
players Two the floor. high falling basketball school reach one ball, to grab the to	Two high school basketball players reach to grab the ball, one falling to the floor.
benches. sit People on	People sit on benches.
some people front A in of stores. of are group standing	A group of people are standing in front of some stores.
reflects a Domino's a A window stands beanie girl a in Pizza front sign. with that of	A girl with a beanie stands in front of a window that reflects a Domino's Pizza sign.
an female her a looking with open and goggles, front of mouth. A young swimsuit, wearing cap swimming in	A young female wearing a swimsuit, goggles, and swimming cap looking in front of her with an open mouth.
airborne city green skateboarder A in is a space.	A skateboarder is airborne in a city green space.
up A looks boy a face. into woman's	A boy looks up into a woman's face.
The field. baseball run the dogs play on and	The dogs run and play on the baseball field.
woman her hand. raises a	a woman raises her hand.
water. large out tan the and of black is coming dog A	A large black and tan dog is coming out of the water.
black edge the ocean. running dog of the along A	A black dog running along the edge of the ocean.
upside down the in young Two sand. making shapes girls cupcake	Two young girls making upside down cupcake shapes in the sand.
baseball A throwing into net. child is a a	A child is throwing a baseball into a net.
in hikes holds she woman terrain. herself as A mountainous	A woman holds herself as she hikes in mountainous terrain.
a on look at water. the bridge People	People on a bridge look at the water.
crossing Pedestrians bikers street busy and a	Pedestrians and bikers crossing a busy street
uniform. with a a in basketball Florida Man	Man with a basketball in a Florida uniform.
skateboarder down in covered skates stairs graffiti. A	A skateboarder skates down stairs covered in graffiti.
on sidewalk. people Two standing the	Two people standing on the sidewalk.
The through small the two dogs grass. run	The two small dogs run through the grass.
down his riding A bicycle the sidewalk. is man	A man is riding his bicycle down the sidewalk.
white and in swinging. pink Blonde girl dress	Blonde girl in pink and white dress swinging.
practicing is green snowboard. and person his green pants on in a jacket white and A	A person in a green and white jacket and green pants is practicing on his snowboard.
smile woman child and picture. A a for	A woman and child smile for a picture.
kicks a at another in arts shoulder event. the martial man One	One man kicks another in the shoulder at a martial arts event.
puddle. dogs ball Two in with a playing a	Two dogs playing with a ball in a puddle.
Two and smoking is one women outside	Two women outside and one is smoking
backpacks There hill. on are a the walking side two grassy of people with	There are two people with backpacks walking on the side of a grassy hill.
A down jeans walking street. wearing young jacket and man a	A young man wearing jeans and jacket walking down a street.
in the snow. dogs playing Three	Three dogs playing in the snow.
shirtless, are shoveling men, These four two sand.	These four men, two shirtless, are shoveling sand.
is riding a bike up tree. a tires blue with Person	Person is riding a bike with blue tires up a tree.
Two dress standing ethnic in men barren a landscape. in	Two men in ethnic dress standing in a barren landscape.
ice and are cellphone. girls skating her one Two checking is	Two girls are ice skating and one is checking her cellphone.
man elderly a suit in bike. his locks An	An elderly man in a suit locks his bike.
a arched window. cyclist A off beside jumping is ramp wooden an	A cyclist is jumping off a wooden ramp beside an arched window.
with at sits man merchandise. military crowded A a table	A man sits at a table crowded with military merchandise.
green A a square watching in crowd European shirted a man.	A crowd in a European square watching a green shirted man.
guy A skateboarding midair. on	A guy skateboarding on midair.
the room talking. are boys Four living in	Four boys are in the living room talking.
water. Two fighting over large a dogs Frisbee the in	Two large dogs fighting over a Frisbee in the water.
an dog brown lot parking The light is in uncrowded	The light brown dog is in an uncrowded parking lot
the A to child gets ready to ball another. hike	A child gets ready to hike the ball to another.
children a in climb park. Small a statue	Small children climb a statue in a park.
A in air. hovers hummingbird the	A hummingbird hovers in the air.
ear and white muffs, A hat whistle a another a watches. while yellow face and paint, blows teen wears teenager	A teenager blows a whistle and wears white face paint, ear muffs, and a yellow hat while another teen watches.
sitting a and tree with near a Two playground in picnic at one one standing table park, behind them. the a boys	Two boys in a park, one standing near a tree and one sitting at a picnic table with the playground behind them.
little boy on. with his sunglasses A	A little boy with his sunglasses on.
band woods. near and purple with standing a hair a shirt pink the A young girl	A young girl with a purple shirt and a pink hair band standing near the woods.
black hair with A outfit a woman weird and on.	A woman with black hair and a weird outfit on.
ocean. surfs the person in A	A person surfs in the ocean.
on benches. sit Girls	Girls sit on benches.
the dog A beautiful in grass. walking brown white	A beautiful white dog walking in the brown grass.
potted dog small amidst is the and The plants leaves. fallen brown	The small brown dog is amidst the potted plants and fallen leaves.
wearing pink playing girls on two playground a young	two young girls wearing pink playing on a playground
A down a run field. dry group dogs of	A group of dogs run down a dry field.
as man A people watch waterskiing during winter time the	A man waterskiing during the winter time as people watch
young face. mat around on half-smile with boy a on jumps a his blue A	A young boy jumps around on a blue mat with a half-smile on his face.
camera. big swims brown dog towards A the	A big brown dog swims towards the camera.
boy a necklace young the in with on water. A	A young boy with a necklace on in the water.
leaps jump. dog of dog a A	A dog leaps of a dog jump.
rocks. man climbing A bald	A bald man climbing rocks.
big the two through dogs snow. brown running	two big brown dogs running through the snow.
rail. A person a on skateboarding red	A person skateboarding on a red rail.
in dog the another climbing dog snow. back of One on the	One dog climbing on the back of another dog in the snow.
a mountain gets biker A bike blue mountain air time. on	A mountain biker on a blue mountain bike gets air time.
climbing a on skirt little poles. girl is wearing some silver A navy	A little girl wearing a navy skirt is climbing on some silver poles.
people Four cement low sitting on ledge.	Four people sitting on low cement ledge.
holding a camera while a dog. old An small man brown walking	An old man holding a camera while walking a small brown dog.
boys raft wearing on yellow water. the a lifevests on Three	Three boys wearing yellow lifevests on a raft on the water.
getting filled. balloon A hot-air	A hot-air balloon getting filled.
while man sits by A smoking. a red building	A man sits by a red building while smoking.
black the white and and white biting The is dog dog. brown	The black and white dog is biting the brown and white dog.
jumping wearing are pool swimming girls Three a together. into goggles	Three girls wearing goggles are jumping into a swimming pool together.
a in swing area. wearing wooded Crocs sits child on A a	A child wearing Crocs sits on a swing in a wooded area.
over Dog climbing wall	Dog climbing over wall
on the beach. in Two speedos men	Two men in speedos on the beach.
sunglasses from a hat woman smiles another away holding and shopping wearing bag. a in holding handbag woman A a	A woman in a hat holding a handbag smiles away from another woman wearing sunglasses and holding a shopping bag.
a playing A is in pink with brown a collar. black retriever smaller and golden dog	A golden retriever is playing with a smaller black and brown dog in a pink collar.
A a black shirt man four a a in in shirt and a beer sunglasses sunglasses at bottles. sit man with and white and table	A man in a white shirt and sunglasses and a man in a black shirt and sunglasses sit at a table with four beer bottles.
are bench a down and several sitting man people with on path runs a walking alongside dog it. A park that the	A man and a dog are sitting on a park bench with several people walking down the path that runs alongside it.
of volleyball back shorts jumping a red net. in man in A	A man in red shorts jumping in back of a volleyball net.
man background. with Four stadium atheletes and in a crowded a the	Four atheletes and a man with a crowded stadium in the background.
during laughing, man is a ground, ball A on lying game. the	A man is lying on the ground, laughing, during a ball game.
blue paddling A water a is dog black with white pool. a being jet in of soaked and	A black and white dog is being soaked with a jet of water in a blue paddling pool.
over a bike all in green A ". is saying, man a " Dinner sign black using to trick Free	A man in all black is using a green bike to trick over a sign saying, " Free Dinner ".
outside smiling. A young boy by pool, the	A young boy outside by the pool, smiling.
the high A biker in skyline. air gets a against	A biker gets high in the air against a skyline.
in tennis A match. a player mid-swing at	A tennis player in mid-swing at a match.
white young boy shoes several chickens chasing wearing after a	a young boy wearing white shoes chasing after several chickens
a A tree-filled skis down snowy and hill. person	A person skis down a snowy and tree-filled hill.
ramp on board. in someone the watching A crowd background a stands a down sliding	A crowd stands in the background watching someone sliding down a ramp on a board.
A water. in the is dog wading	A dog is wading in the water.
and cart. Two a boys	Two boys and a cart.
of greyhound in a a in up greyhound in A yellow black white on race. the and white black rear green coming and	A black greyhound in white and green coming up on the rear of a white greyhound in yellow and black in a race.
A water the cuts through sailboats background. the waterskier blue in with	A waterskier cuts through the blue water with sailboats in the background.
standing on sidewalk people a five	five people standing on a sidewalk
a woman brown wearing glasses for the camera. shirt A and smiles	A woman wearing a brown shirt and glasses smiles for the camera.
water A fountain. of bicycle the while is rides the on a boy fountain ledge boy another in	A boy on a bicycle rides the ledge of water fountain while another boy is in the fountain.
upside down flipping A person	A person flipping upside down
grass. a in the white brown woman a dog A at dog points holding	A woman holding a white dog points at a brown dog in the grass.
wave. top of his off a on surfboard A the man falling	A man falling off his surfboard on the top of a wave.
a glass group front of building policeman in a of	a group of policeman in front of a glass building
reading shirt wearing book a young red a a and boy	a young boy wearing a red shirt and reading a book
by hill ropes climbing is flowing. where water men a tethered Two	Two men tethered by ropes climbing a hill where water is flowing.
dog inside The jar. peanut the licking is butter	The dog is licking inside the peanut butter jar.
in muzzle large the A dog brown with racing mud. a is	A large brown dog with a muzzle is racing in the mud.
looks right and to her holds mini lady A a camera.	A lady looks to her right and holds a mini camera.
four slightly number a dog is beating dog a eight number racing racing race. in A	A number eight racing dog is beating a number four racing dog slightly in a race.
with sticking green he hair tube and in and up his striped boy has black shoes. a tennis shirt on smilling blue Little	Little boy in green tube smilling with his hair sticking up he has on a black and blue striped shirt and tennis shoes.
group dancing wearing spandex a in are dancers black studio. of A	A group of dancers wearing black spandex are dancing in a studio.
snowy range. A mountain	A snowy mountain range.
behind and it. the batter catching the him playing cricket ball missed is A person	A batter playing cricket missed the ball and the person behind him is catching it.
area. young each man standing, A are outdoor in garden looking and boy at other, an	A man and young boy are standing, looking at each other, in an outdoor garden area.
from smaller a bed bunk bed. a jumping young a on boy	a young boy jumping from a bunk bed on a smaller bed.
barbed climbing A fence. a wire woman	A woman climbing a barbed wire fence.
butt. sniffing is dog hand A dog's a the large a dog human while sniffing small large	A large dog sniffing a human hand while a small dog is sniffing the large dog's butt.
Two black in dogs playing snow. the	Two black dogs playing in the snow.
a is climber There snowy a mountainside. scaling	There is a climber scaling a snowy mountainside.
running a dog A yellow path. forest along	A yellow dog running along a forest path.
green splashes while water A on grass. dog	A dog splashes water while on green grass.
playing park. an is the A in man accordion empty	A man is playing the accordion in an empty park.
red wearing standing the rocks with a beside A on a some jacket water canoe yellow background in man	A man wearing a red jacket standing beside a yellow canoe on some rocks with water in the background
fast. is very navy little boy running A in blue	A little boy in navy blue is running very fast.
as another dog grass, dog on jumps cradling up. small Woman	Woman on grass, cradling small dog as another dog jumps up.
the scarf, background. Arab An wearing another with man in man an	An man wearing an Arab scarf, with another man in the background.
is to rail doing trick overpass. a next on The boy a an	The boy is doing a trick on a rail next to an overpass.
A jumping white a over is log. terrior	A white terrior is jumping over a log.
haircut pompadour a A neck. bandanna and around man wearing his beard with a	A man with a pompadour haircut and beard wearing a bandanna around his neck.
dog brown white at and small cow. A a barks	A small dog barks at a brown and white cow.
air the man with his in young jumping is skateboard. A	A young man is jumping in the air with his skateboard.
sand young about in a trip A boy a the from down beige land slide. to	A young boy about to land in the sand from a trip down a beige slide.
grass. is the and A dog on brown white running	A brown and white dog is running on the grass.
A girl rocks throws lake. into a	A girl throws rocks into a lake.
man into A blue water the pool. jumps	A man jumps into the blue water pool.
rock little wall. climbing girl a A	A little girl climbing a rock wall.
a wall. trials graffiti-filled a doing on biker A stunt	A trials biker doing a stunt on a graffiti-filled wall.
man the against A a out at water bridge and under skyline. a looks	A man looks out at the water under a bridge and against a skyline.
from coffee in of gallery front art A read and paper drinks the poster. a cup an woman	A woman read the paper and drinks from a coffee cup in front of an art gallery poster.
black helmet street the wearing race down a a man car A driving	A man wearing a helmet driving a black race car down the street
musical Young instruments. playing are girls	Young girls are playing musical instruments.
girls sit Two back. back to	Two girls sit back to back.
children's water museum. discovery with in playing child a A	A child playing with water in a children's discovery museum.
Two black playing dogs tug-of-war.	Two black dogs playing tug-of-war.
a animal. holds up yellow A balloon girl	A girl holds up a yellow balloon animal.
kick ring. Two are a kick boxing boxing in men	Two men are kick boxing in a kick boxing ring.
on other. wall fighting brown with monkeys twos each small a	twos small brown monkeys on a wall fighting with each other.
counter. look of up floor, kitchen plate ignore on at food Dogs	Dogs ignore plate of food on floor, look up at kitchen counter.
man a woman exercise. A after resting and	A man and a woman resting after exercise.
a running are field with logs. dogs through Two filled	Two dogs are running through a field filled with logs.
baby in water splashes small A	A small baby splashes in water
topless, pants, standing one without on with floor water a Two one sprinklers. toddlers,	Two toddlers, one topless, one without pants, standing on a floor with water sprinklers.
playing boy woman and a on beach. A	A woman and boy playing on a beach.
kicks a man a the ocean. large near rock	a man kicks a large rock near the ocean.
yard denim area. Spanish-style Little runs boy in through paved,	Little boy in denim runs through paved, Spanish-style yard area.
up. The forest looking the woman is sitting with binoculars on floor	The woman with binoculars is sitting on the forest floor looking up.
The half buried lower in her small the of in a has body sand. baby yellow	The small baby in a yellow has the lower half of her body buried in sand.
dogs playing Two rough.	Two dogs playing rough.
camper a in and looks white in jeans what black like shirt a boy a	a boy in a white shirt and jeans in what looks like a black camper
a cat A hiding toys under bench. with a dog	A dog toys with a cat hiding under a bench.
on dog A in running brown grass.	A brown dog in running on grass.
guy watching baseball cap green black and skateboarding. in a People a	People watching a guy in a black and green baseball cap skateboarding.
players show A in skills a jousting off gym. their few	A few players show off their jousting skills in a gym.
a towards of a A in jumping red front black tree dog Frisbee.	A black dog in front of a tree jumping towards a red Frisbee.
black a side sitting ledge. and of The purse is has girl the a on	The girl has a black purse and is sitting on the side of a ledge.
people motor drive choppy Two water. on boat a small	Two people drive a small motor boat on choppy water.
high at indoor the skateboarder in air A ramp.	A skateboarder high in the air at indoor ramp.
Two Cricket. in white play guys dressed	Two guys dressed in white play Cricket.
down a bike man A motocross trail. uniform forest a in white rides a	A man in a white uniform rides a motocross bike down a forest trail.
mountains a with in the distance. man grassy off large posing	a man posing with large grassy mountains off in the distance.
fetching Dog in a stick lake. the	Dog fetching a stick in the lake.
wearing boy red running t-shirt A through is woodland. a	A boy wearing a red t-shirt is running through woodland.
man reading construction A holds near " site. a ANYTHING HOMELESS HELPS sign a "	A man holds a sign reading " HOMELESS ANYTHING HELPS " near a construction site.
a Two on go water down people raft. slide a	Two people go down a water slide on a raft.
a a advertising a under affixed building. beauty sign to A dilapidated parlor walks man	A man walks under a sign advertising a beauty parlor affixed to a dilapidated building.
the holding costume flag dragon in with Asian woman background	Asian woman holding flag with costume dragon in the background
carefully holding down arms little out to boy the The walks his himself. balance rocks	The little boy walks carefully down the rocks holding his arms out to balance himself.
by a while building A stands are others man nearby.	A man stands by a building while others are nearby.
playfully bites brown dog. white a dog A	A brown dog playfully bites a white dog.
reaches catch ball mouth. dog A its to a with	A dog reaches to catch a ball with its mouth.
A one walks city person street busy people the across is crosswalk. with as	A city street is busy with people as one person walks across the crosswalk.
kids dog. playing with Two a	Two kids playing with a dog.
with dog is water. A brown sprayed	A brown dog is sprayed with water.
in the snow dogs running two	two dogs running in the snow
A the group people of standing street in	A group of people standing in the street
a field rugby tries the in team black yellow and other while uniform number the tackle him. on player to six runs A down	A rugby player in a black and yellow uniform runs down the field while number six on the other team tries to tackle him.
A a jumping a pool. from into child slide	A child jumping from a slide into a pool.
A puppy ears on with stick. a chewing big	A puppy with big ears chewing on a stick.
and facing A a and snowball a snowy in shorts holding mountain. is boy a t-shirt	A boy in a t-shirt and shorts is holding a snowball and facing a snowy mountain.
to are across industrial three building. the near a grass running dogs blue	three dogs are running across the grass near to a blue industrial building.
blue man mountain. a standing A is a on wearing pants blue and hat top of	A man wearing blue pants and a blue hat is standing on top of a mountain.
one ball dirt, of and its in dogs on black has a mouth. Two walking which white	Two black and white dogs walking on dirt, one of which has a ball in its mouth.
Greyhounds at the a jumping gate race. out of	Greyhounds jumping out of the gate at a race.
in girl the the The out bends down little green drainpipe. check	The little girl in green bends down the check out the drainpipe.
dressed red. in motorcyclist A	A motorcyclist dressed in red.
small moves through A boat carrying people water. two the	A small boat carrying two people moves through the water.
large girl is and red hat. A a blue wearing	A girl is wearing a large blue and red hat.
crowded are a street. through People walking	People are walking through a crowded street.
toy jumps in on grass. toy on green with hand, yellow a Boy	Boy with yellow toy in hand, jumps on a toy on green grass.
middle in is a sitting man of A the woods. bike the on	A man is sitting on a bike in the middle of the woods.
only are into trunks boys young on swimming with Five a pool jumping	Five young boys with only trunks on are jumping into a swimming pool
a out platform. climbing stuck tongue with boy is wooden A onto young his	A young boy with his tongue stuck out is climbing onto a wooden platform.
and their together smile. Two touch men heads	Two men touch their heads together and smile.
little the A at boy picture park. takes a	A little boy takes a picture at the park.
An florist arranging flowers oriental	An oriental florist arranging flowers
after shaking playing Frisbee. with water dog off a water the A in	A dog shaking off water after playing in the water with a Frisbee.
air high jump. Somone ski doing in the a is	Somone is high in the air doing a ski jump.
skateboard off child A does a a trick ramp.	A child does a skateboard trick off a ramp.
is ribbon his man The yellow on tying wrist. a	The man is tying a yellow ribbon on his wrist.
surrounded by holding lot is of other their people in up. hands a a red dress girl A	A girl in a red dress is surrounded by a lot of other people holding their hands up.
violently. and dog white brown a playing A dog	A white dog and a brown dog playing violently.
A pool. does empty the man bike jumps in in dark an	A man does bike jumps in the dark in an empty pool.
the running holding a stick chased dog A grey sand, in dog. a by	A dog holding a stick running in the sand, chased by a grey dog.
in sequined woman black parade wearing a costume. A a is	A woman in a parade is wearing a black sequined costume.
a in A uniform poses red a cheerleader in parade.	A cheerleader in a red uniform poses in a parade.
two black One and white dogs on white dog moving and brown and sand.	One black and white dog and two brown and white dogs moving on sand.
diver A scuba a lobster holding underwater small	A scuba diver underwater holding a small lobster
A and black coat in snow. the in red black white coat a a and with a woman dog man a in	A woman in a red coat with a man in a white and black coat and a black dog in the snow.
all garden around. a small with child This in is flowers	This small child is in a garden with flowers all around.
next to the camera another and girl. one girl tank wearing black smiling an orange top sunglasses at	one girl wearing an orange tank top and black sunglasses smiling at the camera next to another girl.
catching a small a Frisbee brown white competition. a at and dog	a small brown and white dog catching a Frisbee at a competition.
Cyclist snowy at night in forest	Cyclist in snowy forest at night
White snow running dog through	White dog running through snow
the a catch yellow air jumping to up soccer lab into A ball.	A yellow lab jumping up into the air to catch a soccer ball.
wearing leather a a on jacket tan stool a woman sitting	a woman sitting on a stool wearing a tan leather jacket
a with women dressed left. in Four one costume, look the wig, pink to	Four women dressed in costume, one with a pink wig, look to the left.
holds his one tennis a racket. holds and other the to hand A player mouth	A tennis player holds one hand to his mouth and the other holds a racket.
cloth. dogs of fight a over Two piece	Two dogs fight over a piece of cloth.
trick a red a in is A man skateboard. his doing with shirt	A man in a red shirt is doing a trick with his skateboard.
Asian wax couple An near figure. a stands	An Asian couple stands near a wax figure.
man he windows. while smiles A washes	A man smiles while he washes windows.
play a ball. and white black dog and dog each with green other a A	A black dog and a white dog play with each other and a green ball.
rocks. cyclist making jump his bike a is between two	a cyclist is making his bike jump between two rocks.
ride Child brochure looking at sitting train down	Child sitting down looking at train ride brochure
standing is The hitting ball a with paddle. a on shore man the	The man is standing on the shore hitting a ball with a paddle.
while Dog in grass up ball chewing rolling	Dog chewing up ball while rolling in grass
yellow men of cross front the street a in Three truck.	Three men cross the street in front of a yellow truck.
a on woman A wearing a leans railing water. Tinkerbell pink sweatshirt overlooking	A woman wearing a pink Tinkerbell sweatshirt leans on a railing overlooking water.
snow play a the farm. a in dog on A and cow fallen	A dog and a cow play in the fallen snow on a farm.
beach. plays dog on A the	A dog plays on the beach.
child unpainted A a near wooden an is cap fence. blue in	A child in a blue cap is near an unpainted wooden fence.
at of green indescript a stands girl front camera in faces. looks and the huge of crowd in A	A girl in green looks at the camera and stands in front of a huge crowd of indescript faces.
dogs Two playing.	Two dogs playing.
the player two ice playing on game hockey teams a	two hockey player teams playing a game on the ice
on children toys. with Three playing a floor	Three children playing on a floor with toys.
and a down coat the boy looks A off in a at red fishes water. young pier	A young boy in a red coat fishes off a pier and looks down at the water.
towards a the dog in mountains the brown camera trail on dirt background. with A runs	A brown dog runs towards the camera on a dirt trail with mountains in the background.
bicycles hill. steep their are Cyclists carrying grassy a up	Cyclists are carrying their bicycles up a steep grassy hill.
in grass. back his rolls the on A dog	A dog rolls on his back in the grass.
blonde child haired swinging A swing. is tire a on	A blonde haired child is swinging on a tire swing.
on a A boy jumps bed.	A boy jumps on a bed.
A dances pink wearing on small girl sidewalk. the	A small girl wearing pink dances on the sidewalk.
some on jeep A rocks. sidewalks	A jeep sidewalks on some rocks.
for a and pose girl A a picture. woman	A girl and a woman pose for a picture.
others ocean to continue boy many play while african the him. behind small A leaves	A small african boy leaves the ocean while many others continue to play behind him.
Brown jumping dog the pool into	Brown dog jumping into the pool
by standing flowers. in surrounded Bride a church and groom	Bride and groom standing in a church surrounded by flowers.
wheelchair. A a boy in is male pushing an young adult	A young boy is pushing an adult male in a wheelchair.
at of holding A is counter a flowers. is that buckets standing woman	A woman is standing at a counter that is holding buckets of flowers.
girls while Two pool them running over sprays water through	Two girls running through pool while water sprays over them
of are roller There a coaster. the lot on people	There are a lot of people on the roller coaster.
in an children structure. play Three outside wood	Three children play in an outside wood structure.
concrete a couple inside over a railing building of leaning a	a couple leaning over a concrete railing inside of a building
covered Two on beach. little play a kids pebble	Two little kids play on a pebble covered beach.
boys their with house dog Two dog. in youn a lay	Two youn boys lay in a dog house with their dog.
with other women, hold tattoos, each Two and smile. one	Two women, one with tattoos, hold each other and smile.
full Indian dress. in chief An	An Indian chief in full dress.
racer A midair. a in trick motocross does	A motocross racer does a trick in midair.
tapped boy cart. a young in a shopping	a young boy tapped in a shopping cart.
a an item a blue hat. wearing a pulling small shirt from magicians boy	a small boy wearing a blue shirt pulling an item from a magicians hat.
helmet rides behind her bike woman a in a car. A	A woman in a helmet rides her bike behind a car.
laughing. A tank wearing is yellow top boy little a	A little boy wearing a yellow tank top is laughing.
the rope two snow hikers adjusting equipment in	two hikers in the snow adjusting rope equipment
the grass. near A in digs dog sand yellow	A yellow dog digs in the sand near grass.
is kayak going small A a over in waterfall. person a	A person in a kayak is going over a small waterfall.
a crowd tie in of cardigan, Man people and wearing hat,	Man wearing hat, cardigan, and tie in a crowd of people
standing , in Two bikins are lake the wearing girls	Two girls wearing bikins are standing in the lake ,
hind and in A ground. moving and the on white brown the forward dog two legs two forelegs with air	A brown and white dog moving forward with two forelegs in the air and two hind legs on the ground.
behind a mountains are ski lift riding them. with people Two	Two people are riding a ski lift with mountains behind them.
two laugh. people	two people laugh.
woods. railroad tracks People near in the	People near railroad tracks in the woods.
town man on a dirt A small in road a	A man on a dirt road in a small town
hands. throw snowboarders their two up	two snowboarders throw up their hands.
a a soccer near young goal. for boy A ball dives	A young boy dives for a ball near a soccer goal.
Two and the two down guys girls street. walking	Two girls and two guys walking down the street.
A a coat puddle girl playing in a while wearing pink	A girl playing in a puddle while wearing a pink coat
Andy plays Roddick tennis.	Andy Roddick plays tennis.
a wig crowd. woman a in hula-hoops of A in green front	A woman in a green wig hula-hoops in front of a crowd.
people walking a through are group park under young trees. blossoming A of	A group of young people are walking through a park under blossoming trees.
play a floatation pool. black Two wearing a device, children, one in	Two black children, one wearing a floatation device, play in a pool.
fenced playing in in Two a yard. are dogs	Two dogs are playing in a fenced in yard.
A dancers group onstage. of	A group of dancers onstage.
taking just a swing at baseball a player stadium. a	a baseball player just taking a swing at a stadium.
a play in on. pool look adults while Children	Children play in a pool while adults look on.
horse runs. a	a horse runs.
brick building. and hat a against leans coat old in An black a man	An old man in a black coat and hat leans against a brick building.
dog catches the in a A toy snow.	A dog catches a toy in the snow.
Three gaze at approaching adults storm. the young	Three young adults gaze at the approaching storm.
couch man smoking on young a The sitting a cigarette. is	The young man is sitting on a couch smoking a cigarette.
is while man on A people and sit in working two talk computer a front.	A man is working on a computer while two people sit and talk in front.
large dog A the small a dog and snow. in	A small dog and a large dog in the snow.
in the going bathing blue water woman into suit	woman in blue bathing suit going into the water
through white running and grass. dog is black A	A black and white dog is running through grass.
over A parachuting person the ocean	A person parachuting over the ocean
doing Person a trick skatepark. bike move a in	Person doing a trick bike move in a skatepark.
pool in swimming a boys Two	Two boys in a swimming pool
the him. another while comfort floor crying man a sitting man is to on trying	a man sitting on the floor crying while another man is trying to comfort him.
face, on little her Two chocolate faces. girls, with make one	Two little girls, one with chocolate on her face, make faces.
girl young is picking tree. a blossoms A from	A young girl is picking blossoms from a tree.
grass retriever a golden and a in the wrestling beagle	a beagle and a golden retriever wrestling in the grass
a skateboarder doing A jump.	A skateboarder doing a jump.
dog water. swimming brown a for A the stick in	A brown dog swimming for a stick in the water.
in wave trick as Surfer does from seen behind	Surfer does trick in wave as seen from behind
coffee t-shirt Obama and an man wearing holding cup. a A	A man wearing an Obama t-shirt and holding a coffee cup.
in African sitting on of wall. is front blue The rough chair a woman brick elderly a	The elderly African woman is sitting on a blue chair in front of a rough brick wall.
and white outside. running dog Black	Black and white dog running outside.
a person in climbing blue mountain. snow up covered A a hat	A person in a blue hat climbing up a snow covered mountain.
his his A boy up straight an has shirt from sticking head. orange hair wearing	A boy wearing an orange shirt has his hair sticking straight up from his head.
at rock rocks sitting toddler a holding on beach. of A a pile a	A toddler sitting on a pile of rocks holding a rock at a beach.
a sitting table in a Man restaurant. at	Man sitting at a table in a restaurant.
dog Small background into looking	Small dog looking into background
picks girl in pink dressed flowers. A	A girl dressed in pink picks flowers.
is a building. path rollerskating on in front in the The red white of the man cap	The man in the red cap is rollerskating on a path in front of the white building.
crowded together. heads individuals Many their on with coverings	Many individuals with coverings on their heads crowded together.
bathing suit and girl runs in a blue pink young a pool. around A	A young girl in a blue and pink bathing suit runs around a pool.
scooter post. a is his beside a white top on concrete resting wearing A boy	A boy wearing a white top is resting on his scooter beside a concrete post.
in around its colored in a mouth. grass A holding jumps while stick golden dog the	A golden colored dog jumps around in the grass while holding a stick in its mouth.
inside house. Children in playing of raft a a are	Children are playing in a raft inside of a house.
rope cliff, climbs with behind tall A him. man rock blue a very a up	A man rock climbs up a very tall cliff, with a blue rope behind him.
are men Two rugby. playing	Two men are playing rugby.
A dog a Frisbee mouth. its holding strolls, in	A dog strolls, holding a Frisbee in its mouth.
of A standing shirtless a the stream. edge man on	A shirtless man standing on the edge of a stream.
dog in outdoors stick mouth. Black water, white with muddy and in	Black and white dog outdoors in muddy water, with stick in mouth.
are they woman standing man pretending double and by blue to door and A swimming. fish a with be	A man and woman standing by a blue double door with fish and they are pretending to be swimming.
water. that group people are A of ropes crossing suspended over	A group of people crossing ropes that are suspended over water.
handrail. man a A down grinding	A man grinding down a handrail.
handle man net camouflage into wearing on a A holds a very air. the long	A man wearing camouflage holds a net on a very long handle into the air.
woman is dogs. walking The her	The woman is walking her dogs.
surface jogs down person setting. a A a rural paved in	A person jogs down a paved surface in a rural setting.
is with sitting a a collar furry dog A pond. in	A furry dog with a collar is sitting in a pond.
blue and distance. backwards cap something the at A intently stares a navy in beard man baseball a with	A man with a beard and a navy blue backwards baseball cap stares intently at something in the distance.
snowboarder perform A a watching trick. group people of a	A group of people watching a snowboarder perform a trick.
a a body. ribbon wearing a spinning is pink bright top around her colorful girl	a girl wearing a bright pink top is spinning a colorful ribbon around her body.
An extremely front in a waterfall. wet of is wading woman	An extremely wet woman is wading in front of a waterfall.
floor. sitting the children Two on	Two children sitting on the floor.
near the the along Two dogs run grass water. green	Two dogs run along the green grass near the water.
Christmas standing tree. of Three women other are a in smiling to front each next	Three women standing next to each other are smiling in front of a Christmas tree.
in Frisbee is dog and white catch air. the to a black trying A	A black and white dog is trying to catch a Frisbee in the air.
onto another. jumps rooftop off man of one A	A man jumps off of one rooftop onto another.
set jump green, grass. in up dog clears A white and large a the yellow tri-colored	A large tri-colored dog clears a green, yellow and white jump set up in the grass.
the kid against climbing a backdrop green valley A rock of	A kid rock climbing against the backdrop of a green valley
a at A homemade display storm trooper person of helmet looking a wearing candy.	A person wearing a homemade storm trooper helmet looking at a display of candy.
on a trampoline. A handstand girl does a	A girl does a handstand on a trampoline.
is The in ceiling from hanging the museum. plane the	The plane is hanging from the ceiling in the museum.
trick bicyler in a is A performing the air.	A bicyler is performing a trick in the air.
high on rocky orange in connected to the wearing helmets Two a sitting are crag people bright ropes mountains.	Two people connected to ropes wearing bright orange helmets are sitting on a rocky crag high in the mountains.
riding Two people a motorcycle.	Two people riding a motorcycle.
obstacle. A tunnel a border red collie of running is out	A border collie is running out of a red tunnel obstacle.
mossy and man jeans in poses rocks. blue A shirt by large a	A man in a blue shirt and jeans poses by large mossy rocks.
Two people skiing. cross-country yellow wearing jackets	Two people wearing yellow jackets cross-country skiing.
a a on blue boardwalk under Walkers sky. concrete	Walkers on a concrete boardwalk under a blue sky.
pond in overpass. black a a an grey under Two dogs and playing dog	Two grey dogs and a black dog playing in a pond under an overpass.
bird grass orange black and A the in	A black and orange bird in the grass
jumping over snow A in a tire. person the	A person in the snow jumping over a tire.
a sticks hill. carying rocky man descends A	A man carying sticks descends a rocky hill.
skiing a slope. People down	People skiing down a slope.
little in a playing is girl the hay.	a little girl is playing in the hay.
at Three up stare toy curiously dogs chewed a	Three dogs stare curiously at a chewed up toy
an enclosed trampoline A girl jumping young on	A young girl jumping on an enclosed trampoline
public does a trick A man young a place. skateboard in	A young man does a skateboard trick in a public place.
man wakeboarding is in a lake a	a man is wakeboarding in a lake
playing sports. dressed white Man in	Man dressed in white playing sports.
woman rides moped. an her african-american	an african-american woman rides her moped.
Three riding a roller while posing girls coaster. young	Three young girls posing while riding a roller coaster.
grass running the dogs through diferent several colored	several diferent colored dogs running through the grass
is water brown dog its A head. the shaking in	A brown dog is in the water shaking its head.
walk along a of ropes. divided with yellow group road A men	A group of men walk along a road divided with yellow ropes.
a looks into of A black water. dog pool	A black dog looks into a pool of water.
pauses game. player during A a football	A football player pauses during a game.
ahead four number other dog dogs. The of	The number four dog ahead of other dogs.
jumps in front building. A off young swing of girl her	A young girl jumps off her swing in front of building.
a in mirror. a large brown a round with couch people crystal A leather of room about chandelier, mills group and	A group of people mills about in a room with crystal chandelier, a brown leather couch and a large round mirror.
skiing a snow. is of man goggles in A flurry in red and a jacket	A man in a red jacket and goggles is skiing in a flurry of snow.
body photograph jumping light. a A photography his a toward forward with large and man screen is	A man is jumping with his body forward toward a photograph screen and a large photography light.
A in young skate is a park. skating man	A young man is skating in a skate park.
a A holding teenagers of are Asian group on flags street.	A group of Asian teenagers are holding flags on a street.
two in girls young colorful There are bubbles. blowing dresses	There are two young girls in colorful dresses blowing bubbles.
brown dog running A the through woods.	A brown dog running through the woods.
the looking a at a view are and sea. on man the A by woman stairway	A man and a woman are looking at the view on a stairway by the sea.
beach. and man A large, black dog golden are the on a	A black man and a large, golden dog are on the beach.
The ball the and white a in is catch attempting garden. to black dog	The black and white dog is attempting to catch a ball in the garden.
boy the swing has set. in who played standing near his dirt Little	Little boy who has played in the dirt standing near his swing set.
the the into swim trunks black The dives boy in pool.	The boy in the black swim trunks dives into the pool.
people lots around of hands with A on his standing him. man is	A man is standing on his hands with lots of people around him.
his dog off-white as has he An snowy open the mouth fenced-in through bounds area.	An off-white dog has his mouth open as he bounds through the fenced-in snowy area.
A dog ball. chases a	A dog chases a ball.
snow. in appear Two dogs play the and to hugging be	Two dogs play and appear to be hugging in the snow.
an at Asian train underground stop. woman waiting An	An Asian woman waiting at an underground train stop.
with wearing a necklaces woman at beaded child looks one. just A many	A woman wearing many beaded necklaces looks at a child with just one.
man photographs woman. a a	a man photographs a woman.
red climb a A to in shirt rock. a man attempts	A man in a red shirt attempts to climb a rock.
of on a tug-of-war women Three one side	Three women on one side of a tug-of-war
a A embraces street. on woman man a crowded	A man embraces a woman on a crowded street.
an Brown obstacle in bar leaping a dog room. over	Brown dog leaping over an obstacle bar in a room.
small grass a mouth running his with tan in on a ball dog the	a small tan dog running on the grass with a ball in his mouth
dog over on striped course. jumps posts Orange	Orange dog jumps over striped posts on course.
down A headphones woman walks wearing the street.	A woman wearing headphones walks down the street.
its red is collar teeth bearing with the at collar. the The the with blue dog dog	The dog with the red collar is bearing its teeth at the dog with the blue collar.
a A preparing a camera tripod on man	A man preparing a camera on a tripod
their and in standing drinks women Men with closely some are together, hands.	Men and women are standing closely together, some with drinks in their hands.
biker jumping white t-shirt wearing dirt A over is a hills.	A biker wearing a white t-shirt is jumping over dirt hills.
field grassy soccer. children Four run playing a along	Four children run along a grassy field playing soccer.
beach hoodie is the running white in on sand the barefoot. down a person A	A person in a white hoodie is running down the beach on the sand barefoot.
look four on. while The playing is girl boys	The girl is playing while four boys look on.
large is goose the wings The near flapping his water.	The large goose is flapping his wings near the water.
of A kicks pile boy through a leaves.	A boy kicks through a pile of leaves.
a next rocky dog to him on tan jumping a walking man a shore with	a man walking on a rocky shore with a tan dog jumping next to him
in playing yard. dog and the The is black brown	The black and brown dog is playing in the yard.
and Blurry of woman. man photo	Blurry photo of man and woman.
dog dog A and a across white black the chases grass. bigger	A black and white dog chases a bigger dog across the grass.
blowing painted face white with a whistle. a Man	Man with a painted white face blowing a whistle.
a after German chasing shepherd The is dog ball.	The German shepherd dog is chasing after a ball.
tries a while helps to guy cliff A stone him. climb friend his	A guy tries to climb a stone cliff while his friend helps him.
large brown a The scaling is man boulder.	The man is scaling a large brown boulder.
near shadows people the Two water. the in sitting	Two people sitting in the shadows near the water.
playing black of dog, edge dogs, a dog white on two and the field. baseball black are and A a white	A white dog, two black dogs, and a black and white dog are playing on the edge of a baseball field.
little yellow shorts boy A blue a pool. noodle holding wearing is a over	A little boy wearing blue shorts is holding a yellow noodle over a pool.
hose through at water the glass. onto child squirting the looking child the a A glass is	A child is looking through the glass at the child squirting a water hose onto the glass.
child wearing tree shoes. in a red A is small	A small child is in a tree wearing red shoes.
market. couple walks a through asian An	An asian couple walks through a market.
A the swims dog in water.	A dog swims in the water.
soccer red ball. A boy a blue holding is outside and	A boy is outside holding a red and blue soccer ball.
the tan A grass. dog rolls in	A tan dog rolls in the grass.
posing people young the of for train. camera Six inside a	Six young people posing for the camera inside of a train.
A that a red snow. inside surrounded is smiles by woman from tent	A woman smiles from inside a red tent that is surrounded by snow.
tennis a people woman from are play bench. These watching	These woman are watching people play tennis from a bench.
the background grass woods around running dogs three the in with in	three dogs running around in the grass with woods in the background
bike. blue A riding a is woman	A woman is riding a blue bike.
rugby and A a evade has tries playing ball to tackler. the man	A man playing rugby has the ball and tries to evade a tackler.
a along the beach. running dog There is	There is a dog running along the beach.
Black camera snow. across and brown dog approaching	Black and brown dog approaching camera across snow.
with oars. boat in riding are a People	People are riding in a boat with oars.
front woman people. A crowd kissing man a in and of of	A man and woman kissing in front of a crowd of people.
white is dune. a A sand running tumbleweed on dog around a	A white dog is running around a tumbleweed on a sand dune.
black Two grass. the one run dachshunds, other on brown,	Two dachshunds, one black the other brown, run on grass.
Person with another in market stand in air a by person while blue walks open flowers cane path the	Person in blue stand by flowers in open air market while another person with a cane walks the path
man looks into on. a as A child jumps pool a	A child jumps into a pool as a man looks on.
little Two dresses. girls smiling blue are in	Two little girls are smiling in blue dresses.
river with couple in trees. canoe A down paddle a red a lined rough	A couple in a red canoe paddle down a rough river lined with trees.
black A a dog jumping over hurdle.	A black dog jumping over a hurdle.
through dog the woods. races A	A dog races through the woods.
snow against monument among sit men covered a stone Two peaks.	Two men sit against a stone monument among snow covered peaks.
a climbs child tree. A	A child climbs a tree.
girl middle a and in field A dandelions. a playing the wearing dirty-blonde green jeans of is tank with and blue standing white top	A dirty-blonde girl wearing a white tank top and blue jeans is standing in the middle of a green field and playing with dandelions.
jacket purse pink a A and woman is standing. carrying a	A woman carrying a purse and a pink jacket is standing.
pool. girl a jumping into Young swimming	Young girl jumping into a swimming pool.
landing are Two diving from people exercises. their sky	Two people are landing from their sky diving exercises.
is A tree another is standing one a by sitting girl and	A girl is standing and another one is sitting by a tree
over black man the with chair in a skateboard. The hat is his jumping	The man in the black hat is jumping over a chair with his skateboard.
on pants balancing gray Person jacket board in blue and handrail	Person in gray jacket and blue pants balancing board on handrail
swings a young girl swing. on a	a young girl swings on a swing.
wearing with masks, some People face singing. black, are	People wearing black, some with face masks, are singing.
busy by. while hat a bright on yellow A a and others woman wearing walk stands street jacket	A woman wearing a bright yellow jacket and hat stands on a busy street while others walk by.
yellow trail a along dog walking mountain is A	A yellow dog is walking along a mountain trail
black A guy a cigarette. smoking	A black guy smoking a cigarette.
a red dogs play ball. and in surf Two the has one	Two dogs play in the surf and one has a red ball.
stick carries A a in its huge black mouth. dog	A black dog carries a huge stick in its mouth.
during a game men Two football	Two men during a football game
in and a woman background, a grassy distance. looking with is in the field SUV An is mountains the into off a telescope through parked	An SUV is parked in a grassy field with mountains in the background, and a woman is looking through a telescope off into the distance.
a shops. piece at another of A while framed art woman store a holds man	A woman holds a framed piece of art at a store while another man shops.
hula-hoops. young Two playing with boys	Two young boys playing with hula-hoops.
The is dog toy. in field a green yellow a white playing with	The white dog is playing in a green field with a yellow toy.
bounce A plays a house. child in	A child plays in a bounce house.
on black its something in is A grass. large and dog brown mouth carrying while walking	A large black and brown dog is carrying something in its mouth while walking on grass.
are fighting basketball. Two players over male a basketball	Two male basketball players are fighting over a basketball.
underwater swimming A a swimming person in pool.	A person swimming underwater in a swimming pool.
the rear. has A car flames from a on track race shooting	A race car on a track has flames shooting from the rear.
tennis a A man up racket lifts shirt his and smiles. blue in	A man in a blue shirt lifts up his tennis racket and smiles.
white of grass small on girl rainbow A with it. a in the in fingerpaints canvas a plays with front	A small girl in the grass plays with fingerpaints in front of a white canvas with a rainbow on it.
A the girls plays in surf.	A girls plays in the surf.
speed skateboards A no with shirt downhill. man	A man with no shirt speed skateboards downhill.
orange man away. sail An a red its it lifeboat mobile from speeds in launcher whilst away watches	An orange lifeboat speeds away from its mobile launcher whilst a man in red watches it sail away.
a jumping some black dog through water	a black dog jumping through some water
mostly smiling camera jacket a in A posing a is a empty in woman for restaurant.	A woman in a jacket is posing for a camera smiling in a mostly empty restaurant.
finished a just man up hiking has The rock	The man has just finished hiking up a rock
does with A yellow on ramp. a a handstand person a snowboard	A person does a handstand with a snowboard on a yellow ramp.
Einstein's it. a under on sits boy A bear picture with	A boy sits under a bear with Einstein's picture on it.
sign a with to girl camera. the are bandanna the peace a giving a boy and in headdress A	A girl in a headdress and a boy with a bandanna are giving the peace sign to the camera.
jackets in long a skirts dancing McDonald's. and in the back Women of	Women in long skirts and jackets dancing in the back of a McDonald's.
children Two lawnmower. wearing with a clothes are pink bright toy playing	Two children wearing bright pink clothes are playing with a toy lawnmower.
in ocean. the a fishes man	a man fishes in the ocean.
the smiling camera at A while underwater. swimming child	A child smiling at the camera while swimming underwater.
dog toy red mouth. in carries brown A a his black and	A black and brown dog carries a red toy in his mouth.
the outstretched A girl with little is posing arms beach. at	A little girl with arms outstretched is posing at the beach.
a of beach A while runs watch. girls boy along young a group	A boy runs along a beach while a group of young girls watch.
t-shirt with ADHD black off a Young boy " nodding "	Young boy with a black " ADHD " t-shirt nodding off
his mouth. fluffy in with brown ball dog A jumping a	A fluffy brown dog jumping with a ball in his mouth.
in after a in jumping A air man a bike is on off ramp. green green the	A man in green on a green bike is in the air after jumping off a ramp.
gestures. people The are hand making	The people are making hand gestures.
Two whilst the fire sand. on sticks are standing people twirling	Two people are twirling fire sticks whilst standing on the sand.
person looking sweater at in pool cue holding Boy	Boy holding pool cue looking at person in sweater
surfer a the a wetsuit in body full ocean A white in with surfboard.	A surfer in a full body wetsuit in the ocean with a white surfboard.
shocked necklace face man a on holding his is beaded a is a that around A woman's with neck. expression	A man with a shocked expression on his face is holding a beaded necklace that is around a woman's neck.
a the ski background the jumping air lift a in with riding in person snowboarder a	a snowboarder jumping in the air with a person riding a ski lift in the background
near Two range. rest mountain a men	Two men rest near a mountain range.
on The children trampoline. the are playing	The children are playing on the trampoline.
grass A through dog brown is running panting. the	A brown dog is running through the grass panting.
walking and The has grass. the dog in his out sticking tongue	The dog has his tongue sticking out and walking in the grass.
trunk to a tree man an next walking extremely large	a man walking next to an extremely large tree trunk
in boy ball. The the is orange shirt throwing the	The boy in the orange shirt is throwing the ball.
bouncing boy is young basketball. while running The a	The young boy is running while bouncing a basketball.
hut. outside ragged children a standing are Three clothes thatched in	Three children in ragged clothes are standing outside a thatched hut.
fenced dogs of autumnal trees. bordering large play Five a yard a group in	Five dogs play in a large fenced yard bordering a group of autumnal trees.
bright man around with a standing sand sky him. outside blue is on A	A man is outside standing on sand with a bright blue sky around him.
jumps brown the A in dog sand.	A brown dog jumps in the sand.
sprayed a a gets dog hose. by	a dog gets sprayed by a hose.
hit to ball Baseball the batter ready	Baseball batter ready to hit the ball
and black in same some in dog A brush. yellow the looking standing direction	A yellow and black dog looking in the same direction standing in some brush.
kids. A bright a in with yellow group of little girl	A little girl in bright yellow with a group of kids.
clapped passerby. on being a Runner is 281 by number	Runner number 281 is being clapped on by a passerby.
toward the men Three with street the taken city on buildings. and shot a up out	Three men on a city street with the shot taken up and out toward the buildings.
bottle, water A woman guitarist. a with young near a	A young woman with a water bottle, near a guitarist.
out. long tan his dog grassy a hanging along pink path A tongue with walks	A tan dog walks along a grassy path with his long pink tongue hanging out.
a share holding toy dogs white while similar swimming. brown Two	Two similar brown dogs share holding a white toy while swimming.
the beach. across girl A little wet runs	A little girl runs across the wet beach.
on the beach. is stick The the dog with playing	The dog is playing with the stick on the beach.
beautiful on a is sunset water. This the	This is a beautiful sunset on the water.
red a in man A coat skiing.	A man in a red coat skiing.
kid ollie doing in park. A a skate a	A kid doing a ollie in a skate park.
down in black dressed mountain. skier the speeds a	a skier dressed in black speeds down the mountain.
and dog grass. a white dog white are black and through the A running	A white dog and a black and white dog are running through the grass.
are somersaults. doing Girls	Girls are doing somersaults.
a person A climbing mountain. snowy up	A person climbing up a snowy mountain.
three the dogs run grass. through	three dogs run through the grass.
swimming in girl A pool. a	A girl swimming in a pool.
the into A flies sky. heron white	A white heron flies into the sky.
is black the white into water. A and dog jumping	A black and white dog is jumping into the water.
on also a is bench which white lays dog the man to A tied.	A man lays on the bench to which a white dog is also tied.
holding jacket sitting in a a red small child A shoulders man's and head. is on his	A small child in a red jacket is sitting on a man's shoulders and holding his head.
is man in one red dreadlocks cheek. shirt a holding A with	A man in a red shirt with dreadlocks is holding one cheek.
about to catch treat. a A is brown dog	A brown dog is about to catch a treat.
her ice near bike. little eats cream A girl	A little girl eats ice cream near her bike.
dog bucket a red small mouth and black a white his in carrying	a small black and white dog carrying a red bucket in his mouth
Heavyset man swing taking out child set. of	Heavyset man taking child out of swing set.
football to trying The is football player score. with a running	The football player is running with a football trying to score.
snow. the kisses ear brown white of the dog dog in a A	A brown dog kisses the ear of a white dog in the snow.
wearing spraying swimsuit. little Colorful at water girl rings	Colorful rings spraying water at little girl wearing swimsuit.
running field. dog collar in A is the with red	A dog with red collar is running in the field.
skirt girl the a beach. pink the sweatshirt dressed plays white A at pink and and striped waves in in	A girl dressed in a pink sweatshirt and pink and white striped skirt plays in the waves at the beach.
mountain. A person head a the of out their of top at sticks a tent	A person sticks their head out of a tent at the top of a mountain.
handrail snow. rides without down A snowboarder a	A snowboarder rides down a handrail without snow.
on the ground, are there a snow is some holding a group. Group standing brooms, with people of dog covered	Group of people standing on a snow covered ground, some are holding brooms, there is a dog with the group.
toy off. birthday party at Boy shows	Boy at birthday party shows toy off.
A some doing sort man of trick.	A man doing some sort of trick.
The a is shirt ribbon. the in girl pink twirling	The girl in the pink shirt is twirling a ribbon.
Three playing with children sparklers.	Three children playing with sparklers.
road. on a dirt A walking couple	A couple walking on a dirt road.
religious man is holding a A poster.	A man is holding a religious poster.
Dog red tunnel in grass. folding on	Dog in folding red tunnel on grass.
animal little blue Men bandaged girl in with face and holding stuffed uniforms	Men in blue uniforms holding little girl with bandaged face and stuffed animal
yellow a people river. raft dragging into two are a	two people are dragging a yellow raft into a river.
a black Two behind men handrail. jackets in white	Two men in black jackets behind a white handrail.
mountain on the Dog training	Dog training on the mountain
chain. shirt heritage of silver African grey man a is wearing and An neck	An man of African heritage is wearing a grey shirt and silver neck chain.
dog shakes water. off A	A dog shakes off water.
in the rider jumping snowboard snow. his A high on snowboard	A snowboard rider jumping high on his snowboard in the snow.
of standing A hiker a shore lake. on the	A hiker standing on the shore of a lake.
tricks doing a park. skate man at a with A is bicycle	A man is doing tricks with a bicycle at a skate park.
The into pond. brown large dog a jumps	The large brown dog jumps into a pond.
blue a child A down slide. in dog going leads a yellow	A yellow dog leads a child in going down a blue slide.
on flats. A mud dog walking	A dog walking on mud flats.
a Someone is a pink rodeo. a in riding horse brown shirt in	Someone in a pink shirt is riding a brown horse in a rodeo.
puppy in field. a A plays	A puppy plays in a field.
grabbing a black of the dog brown A is dog. collar	A brown dog is grabbing the collar of a black dog.
by side on running side dogs grass. Three are the	Three dogs are running side by side on the grass.
sit read. on on the subway others one women the while ; the Three phone talks	Three women sit on the subway ; one talks on the phone while the others read.
a of the rocky mountain. side wearing one on sitting a person backpack	one person wearing a backpack sitting on the side of a rocky mountain.
squating dog on brown grass. A	A brown dog squating on grass.
and A married. stand get the as alter man they wife at	A man and wife stand at the alter as they get married.
jeans a runs shirt boy blue blue a a and in playground across	a boy in a blue shirt and blue jeans runs across a playground
front beach. the dogs of is on 4 man A standing in	A man is standing in front of 4 dogs on the beach.
moves men crowd scantily front of clad Two performing acrobatic in a	Two men scantily clad performing acrobatic moves in front of a crowd
outdoors, kiss couple A couple another while watch.	A couple kiss outdoors, while another couple watch.
to The complimentary offers the patrons. waitress tea	The waitress offers complimentary tea to the patrons.
A in directions and young hold couple of dressed pull in different hands trees. well front	A well dressed young couple hold hands and pull in different directions in front of trees.
trail. riding a people are on Several horses wooded	Several people are riding horses on a wooded trail.
yard. dog the in is The	The dog is in the yard.
sitting is a A on painted to a a picture at near woman has that it. of huge a hand desk window	A woman is sitting at a desk near to a window that has a huge picture of a hand painted on it.
mouth open. with and runs A its black dog white	A black and white dog runs with its mouth open.
fenced runs area. dog the towards in near camera a uphill A	A dog runs uphill towards the camera in near a fenced area.
eating boy lips A with from fruit messy	A boy with lips messy from eating fruit
with driving wet lights sponsored raceway. race a A car is on	A sponsored race car is driving with lights on a wet raceway.
outside. young weather is cold dressed child A for	A young child dressed for cold weather is outside.
rides boy A bike neighborhood. around the on a	A boy on a bike rides around the neighborhood.
hair is in a flying everywhere. girl her pink top swinging with a	a girl in a pink top is swinging with her hair flying everywhere.
in its dogs, the mouth, in Two holding one something snow.	Two dogs, one holding something in its mouth, in the snow.
the shirt skateboard top stands a person stairway. purple wearing a a A at of on small	A person wearing a purple shirt stands on a skateboard at the top of a small stairway.
The in swimming the pool. boy is	The boy is in the swimming pool.
lake. edge Three on the squat a down people of	Three people squat down on the edge of a lake.
standing field in Two young a corn harvest. the boys after	Two young boys standing in a corn field after the harvest.
Two the chasing other grass in dogs each	Two dogs chasing each other in the grass
in young she as and wears the shirt ocean's A surf. a girl shorts plays	A young girl wears a shirt and shorts as she plays in the ocean's surf.
A a nighttime of scene street restaurant.	A nighttime street scene of a restaurant.
of out car. gets red a woman a	a woman gets out of a red car.
in kick couch. jump is performing pose red A a over midair child a	A child is performing a jump kick pose in midair over a red couch.
play A slip as on home-made runs slide. and a boy others	A boy runs as others play on a home-made slip and slide.
young foliage. peers girl the through A green	A young girl peers through the green foliage.
play with riding a grown the toy car street a in with small children up. Two	Two small children play with a toy riding car in the street with a grown up.
body water. people hang out a in Many of	Many people hang out in a body of water.
A playing a girl a on bed little guitar. sitting	A little girl sitting on a bed playing a guitar.
snow-patched desert. run Two a through dogs	Two dogs run through a snow-patched desert.
yard off the and fence. is are jumping a one fenced Three dogs in	Three dogs are in a fenced yard and one is jumping off the fence.
are water is dress playing others girl A in wearing while watching. yellow a	A girl wearing a yellow dress is playing in water while others are watching.
halfpipe A ramp. a a jump on makes rider bike	A bike rider makes a jump on a halfpipe ramp.
ball. boys Two boy one teams soccer after play, the goes	Two boys soccer teams play, one boy goes after the ball.
dogs grass. a running field Three of in	Three dogs running in a field of grass.
Nerf on drinking from helmets while with playing Two looks kids one with cup. swords plastic a	Two kids with helmets playing with Nerf swords while one looks on drinking from a plastic cup.
older An man standing.	An older man standing.
up eyes out. his An closed tongue Asian thumbs guy and giving with	An Asian guy giving thumbs up with his eyes closed and tongue out.
Two football. men for a vie	Two men vie for a football.
in snow. dogs Two standing the	Two dogs standing in the snow.
yellow and smiling. Two ladies are in flowers some young sitting	Two young ladies are sitting in some yellow flowers and smiling.
is girl A on back someone's laughing.	A girl on someone's back is laughing.
mouth. dog in black runs a with A its ball	A black dog runs with a ball in its mouth.
A the from boy of recoils impact onto chest. sand his bare	A boy recoils from the impact of sand onto his bare chest.
the are air. in men The jumping	The men are jumping in the air.
girl green Japanese a carries a balloon.	a Japanese girl carries a green balloon.
in stand road. Several rural a girls young	Several young girls stand in a rural road.
bike jump. a person yellow on is A taking a dirt	A person on a yellow dirt bike is taking a jump.
boy blue tree climbing outdoors limb large, grassy fallen shirt is and a meadow. yellow A in pants blond-haired a wearing	A blond-haired boy wearing a yellow shirt and blue pants is climbing a large, fallen tree limb outdoors in grassy meadow.
a in dog jumps field. the	a dog jumps in the field.
soccer. Young girls playing	Young girls playing soccer.
The and has a hamburgers. kid with a shirt is woman side, she her making on blue to	The woman has a blue shirt on with a kid to her side, and she is making hamburgers.
wall edge on fall of to man A about the a off.	A man on the edge of a wall about to fall off.
American group cheer of flags. A in cold ladies with the	A group of ladies in the cold cheer with American flags.
a four water are children in fountain. playing	four children are playing in a water fountain.
skateboarder is male a vandalized park. skating in skate A	A male skateboarder is skating in a vandalized skate park.
the woman a skinny net. a over volleyball spikes	a skinny woman spikes a volleyball over the net.
is some chasing is a dog dog red and wheel, ball, who another a black rope. A holding black	A black dog is chasing another black dog who is holding a ball, a wheel, and some red rope.
A pants a car dog inside	A dog pants inside a car
women heads. men two and plates their hold behind Two gold	Two men and two women hold gold plates behind their heads.
across sand. Dog running	Dog running across sand.
its ball. A white is standing brown dog legs reaching and for a hind on	A brown and white dog is standing on its hind legs reaching for a ball.
dog A black together large white brown running and and dog a large	A large brown dog and a large black and white dog running together
lifting group other above of heads. cheerleaders their cheerleaders up A two are	A group of cheerleaders are lifting up two other cheerleaders above their heads.
A with chats a officer. smiling woman police	A woman chats with a smiling police officer.
white are parachuting people Two clouds. over	Two people are parachuting over white clouds.
dot his his while covers drum his musician plays hair A and a arms. tattoos face,	A musician plays a drum while his hair covers his face, and tattoos dot his arms.
each dogs black other. are jumping towards Two	Two black dogs are jumping towards each other.
a of through building move and second-story furniture the ropes window People pulleys. using	People move furniture through the second-story window of a building using ropes and pulleys.
in green child boats at A sits controls. a cap a	A child in a green cap sits at a boats controls.
a are outside with street Many people filled on standing litter.	Many people are standing outside on a street filled with litter.
a in yellow person blue jeans fish. holds The	The person in blue jeans holds a yellow fish.
a in car a shirt front black of smiling A woman	A woman in a black shirt smiling front of a car
the A ball others to towards football him. catch jumps up player run while	A football player jumps up to catch the ball while others run towards him.
hurdle hurdle-jumper setting. track-and-field A in a in midair is caught clearing female a	A female hurdle-jumper is caught in midair clearing a hurdle in a track-and-field setting.
girl asian by standing a two jackets with tree pink	two asian girl with pink jackets standing by a tree
swimming trunks pier is a boy wearing a into The jumping lake. off	The boy wearing swimming trunks is jumping off a pier into a lake.
merry-go-round baby of front a in colorful a little standing	a little baby standing in front of a colorful merry-go-round
in swim man trunks on plays a the beach ball paddle muscular	a muscular man in swim trunks plays paddle ball on the beach
teammate towards soccer runs player ball. past One a fallen the	One soccer player runs past a fallen teammate towards the ball.
India A woman is in smiling shawl. safron covered by a old	A smiling old woman in India is covered by a safron shawl.
a in sleeping wide-brimmed man A hat against a is column.	A man in a wide-brimmed hat is sleeping against a column.
down road. in red on A red a a dirt going bike man biker a suit muddy	A man in a red biker suit on a red dirt bike going down a muddy road.
holding and bending dance is woman in a sword. A a costume over backward	A woman in a dance costume is bending over backward and holding a sword.
red up and male in a pulling soccer player A shorts. wearing air uniform the jumping his	A male soccer player wearing a red uniform jumping in the air and pulling up his shorts.
at boy a holding hair, ball. red baby picks A while yellow and his	A baby boy picks at his hair, while holding a red and yellow ball.
white ground. A on a black are dog and and black dog sandy running	A black dog and a black and white dog are running on sandy ground.
trekking dig A is through snow.	A dig is trekking through snow.
toy a dog with yellow black green playing is grass. in A	A black dog is playing with a green toy in yellow grass.
white water. large the reflection bird's The in shows	The large white bird's reflection shows in the water.
rocks. child A on walking	A child walking on rocks.
a behind hill with up the table in child The the picnic her. running shirt green is	The child in the green shirt is running up the hill with a picnic table behind her.
running White field of dog yellow flowers. a through	White dog running through a field of yellow flowers.
dog a A in park. running	A dog running in a park.
in populated taping man an event. building Camera	Camera man in populated building taping an event.
dog. plays boy with sleeping A young tan a	A young boy plays with a sleeping tan dog.
girl young in blowing A a field. is dandelions	A young girl is blowing dandelions in a field.
A covered snow on walks dog by rocks	A dog walks on rocks covered by snow
on bicycle. a speed his makes turn A sharp biker	A speed biker makes a sharp turn on his bicycle.
another A girl one creek. to a from jumping in rock	A girl jumping from one rock to another in a creek.
man skateboarding. is The	The man is skateboarding.
on dog the pounces a grass.	a dog pounces on the grass.
man's jacket is a child shoulders. on the red A wearing sitting	A child wearing a red jacket is sitting on the man's shoulders.
snow in with A walking hiker them. is a snow covered behind the mountain	A hiker is walking in the snow with a snow covered mountain behind them.
the a in There of crossing animal road an front car. is	There is an animal crossing the road in front of a car.
colorful a is outfit in A bull riding matador a	A matador in a colorful outfit is riding a bull
A small animal. man sitting pole and leaning a against holding a	A man sitting and leaning against a pole holding a small animal.
an a in woman older room. smiling small	an older woman smiling in a small room.
obstacle course. of boy A during scooter an his falls off	A boy falls off of his scooter during an obstacle course.
brown his a woman. hind standing on to a large next dog legs	a large brown dog standing on his hind legs next to a woman.
the children in The pool. play	The children play in the pool.
in hats outside. People are	People in hats are outside.
is the collie catching air in throwing and border is the air. the into them A man freesbies	A man is throwing freesbies into the air and the border collie is catching them in the air.
person in blue while through or a car approaches a field looks telescope A a waits.	A person in a field looks through a telescope while a blue car approaches or waits.
a angled a person bike. a picture on trick An of doing	An angled picture of a person doing a trick on a bike.
dog a drinking white of from pipe. closeup A a	A closeup of a white dog drinking from a pipe.
in camera. looking at Dog standing face up black and with water tan	Dog with black and tan face standing in water looking up at camera.
jumping gap. man across a is A	A man is jumping across a gap.
in on road. yellow brick a a very small A boy fast bike rides	A small boy in yellow rides a bike very fast on a brick road.
A little boy beach. in the shorts is water the at black in jumping	A little boy in black shorts is jumping in the water at the beach.
is brown a its with doberman stick A mouth. in outside	A brown doberman is outside with a stick in its mouth.
water Man spraying mouth. boxer's into	Man spraying water into boxer's mouth.
through wearing water a running girl purple young	a young girl wearing purple running through water
Frisbee of brown in dog catch a to A a running grass. field	A brown dog running to catch a Frisbee in a field of grass.
lady holds beverage. a A	A lady holds a beverage.
bull the gates A of rodeo. charges at out a	A bull charges out of the gates at a rodeo.
building group of talk with A sandy to a teenagers next columns.	A group of teenagers talk next to a building with sandy columns.
The the is little brown brown dog. after chasing large dog	The large brown dog is chasing after the little brown dog.
A in dog front spotted is light two brown cows. playing of	A light brown dog is playing in front of two spotted cows.
tackles the the football pink field. equipment in a girl on shirt Barefoot	Barefoot girl in a pink shirt tackles the football equipment on the field.
to The listening stop lady a in red music. sign shorts while jogs near	The lady in red shorts jogs near a stop sign while listening to music.
with woman a up hair pulled her with surgical A on. mask	A woman with her hair pulled up with a surgical mask on.
sits a red rock cap, red colored A light top, and girl outside. on a shorts, in a dressed	A girl dressed in a red top, a red cap, and light colored shorts, sits on a rock outside.
a man hair eccentric in poses clothing store. with the The and	The man with the eccentric clothing and hair poses in a store.
into waves. walking A woman the	A woman walking into the waves.
boys in play the Four mud.	Four boys play in the mud.
for change. in spare man dog sitting asking the is A his snow with	A man is sitting in the snow with his dog asking for spare change.
A a at high child park. swings	A child swings high at a park.
A jumps. boy	A boy jumps.
ocean. in helicopter the out A a divind over a of wetsuit man low	A man in a wetsuit divind out of a helicopter low over the ocean.
in a some sheep A walks valley. towards girl grassy	A girl walks towards some sheep in a grassy valley.
girl pool. bathing blue the in past suit The a runs	The girl in a bathing suit runs past the blue pool.
drops in hovering the A ocean. grey someone while helicopter	A grey helicopter hovering while someone drops in the ocean.
riding A at swings skateboard a girl toy little while her. boy a a	A little girl riding a skateboard while a boy swings a toy at her.
red on in young boy A jumps trampoline. a uniform a	A young boy in a red uniform jumps on a trampoline.
pool. A an is swimming child into inflatable jumping	A child is jumping into an inflatable swimming pool.
collar a yawning. A dog wearing	A dog wearing a collar yawning.
suit young plays in waves wearing at the bathing beach. girl A blue a the	A young girl wearing a blue bathing suit plays in the waves at the beach.
and snow pose A in woman children. a four man the with	A man and a woman pose in the snow with four children.
dog playing woman brown a path. a garden on A with	A woman playing with a brown dog on a garden path.
DJ. like Red haired lady a acts	Red haired lady acts like a DJ.
couch. smiling woman a white A sits on	A smiling woman sits on a white couch.
onlookers is video man art another paints camera while with a by. taping while pass A	A man with a video camera is taping while another paints art while onlookers pass by.
the an in dog A water. carries object	A dog carries an object in the water.
the water. woman standing A rock on jump prepares to a into	A woman standing on a rock prepares to jump into the water.
to The lady clean waiting bathrooms. is the	The lady is waiting to clean the bathrooms.
focuses The camera legs. people's two on	The camera focuses on two people's legs.
wearing person A clings face. red to a rock	A person wearing red clings to a rock face.
with in a water child the edge orange churning at water of wings. A pool,	A child in churning water at the edge of a pool, with orange water wings.
trick rider does a The the air. motocross in	The motocross rider does a trick in the air.
nearby. a are tv while people bar, in a sitting plays Five	Five people are sitting in a bar, while a tv plays nearby.
an brown obstacle. dog doing is A shaggy,	A shaggy, brown dog is doing an obstacle.
large on woman is to A a a waterfall. rock sitting next	A woman is sitting on a rock next to a large waterfall.
and smiles. a leather in glasses coat A man	A man in a leather coat and glasses smiles.
kid pasta eating	kid eating pasta
tri-colored dog in white cars black, tents with field and and and white A nearby. red jumps brown jump a a mid-sized over	A black, white and brown tri-colored mid-sized dog jumps over a red and white jump in a field with tents and cars nearby.
people of badges wearing standing group name 5 A	A group of 5 people standing wearing name badges
in air snowboard. the person on a A	A person in the air on a snowboard.
a brightly colored smiling Mohawk A person hairstyle. with	A smiling person with a brightly colored Mohawk hairstyle.
a young A surfer wave. rides	A young surfer rides a wave.
The is brown car. the big little the with touching eyes little boy	The little boy with the big brown eyes is touching the little car.
pool. in jumping dog white A Frisbee a catches a	A white dog catches a Frisbee in a jumping pool.
in holding dog's gray black A leash. woman onto the	A woman in gray holding onto the black dog's leash.
man the standing center. is an A outside glass art doors of	A man is standing outside the glass doors of an art center.
a crowd demonstration a A is man people. in small of front doing blonde haired of	A blonde haired man is doing a demonstration in front of a small crowd of people.
ready to boy baseball. getting is A play	A boy is getting ready to play baseball.
brown out. with tongue walks on sidewalk sticking its A the little dog	A little brown dog walks on the sidewalk with its tongue sticking out.
on Four run dogs field	Four dogs run on field
boy jumping. a is young in green shirt A	A young boy in a green shirt is jumping.
bouncy red black garage. dressed a bounce green Two children in and in on balls	Two children dressed in black bounce on red and green bouncy balls in a garage.
ride A boy learn man bicycle. little helping to a is how a	A man is helping a little boy learn how to ride a bicycle.
with A to a young outdoor moss. down ride stairway man an stained attempts unicycle	A young man attempts to ride a unicycle down an outdoor stairway stained with moss.
boy legs A apart. with swing off jumps a his	A boy jumps off a swing with his legs apart.
A of group gathered for people event an	A group of people gathered for an event
is hat wearing and snow. walking The child through green blue while jacket a	The child is wearing a blue hat and green jacket while walking through snow.
A court basketball shirt holding standing man a is in pink basketball. in a a	A man in a pink shirt is standing in a basketball court holding a basketball.
circles in poodle sand. white sparkler embedded a A	A white poodle circles a sparkler embedded in sand.
snowy in a down slides an hill innertube. boy A	A boy slides down a snowy hill in an innertube.
barking a big a small at dog A fence. through dog	A big dog barking at a small dog through a fence.
hard hats People take of in pictures something.	People in hard hats take pictures of something.
the a overlooking people mountain scene. A group of sit in snow	A group of people sit in the snow overlooking a mountain scene.
jacket crouches goal, with stick. by goalie Hockey in red boy	Hockey goalie boy in red jacket crouches by goal, with stick.
retrieving Dog stick water in	Dog retrieving stick in water
sign. a examine Tourists	Tourists examine a sign.
piece of a Child spin-art. paint onto squirting	Child squirting paint onto a piece of spin-art.
Four swimsuits in girls beach. at volleyball playing are the	Four girls in swimsuits are playing volleyball at the beach.
over dog jumps Large low brown rail. a	Large brown dog jumps over a low rail.
man hospital in guitar sick a A plays a child a for	A man plays a guitar for a sick child in a hospital
resting A hiker in field. a	A hiker resting in a field.
catch dog jumping is A Frisbee. to a	A dog is jumping to catch a Frisbee.
touched boys running the being and by are Two one's smiling ; other.	Two boys are running ; one's smiling and being touched by the other.
sitting front a are statue. Two girls in of	Two girls are sitting in front of a statue.
in are outside Two men the snow. standing	Two men are standing outside in the snow.
dirty with yellow plants background. bottle with face cap, holding Blond red child in	Blond child with dirty face holding yellow bottle with red cap, plants in background.
a bench. photos while his person reviews The sitting on young	The young person reviews his photos while sitting on a bench.
the river. An cross is to animal attempting	An animal is attempting to cross the river.
creek. dog is in a swimming A brown	A brown dog is swimming in a creek.
cover under their three girls umbrellas. take	three girls take cover under their umbrellas.
show bars in jump a the dog The owner dog high on. looks as over the jumps	The dog jumps over the high jump bars in a dog show as the owner looks on.
is an A inside little corrugated shirt tunnel. in a orange metal girl	A little girl in an orange shirt is inside a corrugated metal tunnel.
smiling pink swimsuit water. toddler a a in in laying is the	a smiling toddler in a pink swimsuit is laying in the water.
cigarette. smokes girl a in A black thin	A thin girl in black smokes a cigarette.
shirt flannel a behind bars. in man metal sitting A	A man in a flannel shirt sitting behind metal bars.
child in plants. A next to blue sits dressed	A child dressed in blue sits next to plants.
sidewalk with person bags down houses. between groceries of a a carrying backpack A	A person with a backpack carrying bags of groceries down a sidewalk between houses.
clear swims his in A stick he dog black-and-white in the carries water. a mouth as	A black-and-white dog carries a stick in his mouth as he swims in the clear water.
red woman together. a to costume standing A left of in and man a the woman	A woman in a red costume to the left of a man and woman standing together.
a A shed which is almost over snowboarder with jumps covered snow	A snowboarder jumps over a shed which is almost covered with snow
sled by behind dogs numerous a being in pulled the snow. led man A	A man being pulled behind a sled led by numerous dogs in the snow.
young the A the air. up kids father ocean at flying in with boy with the two his	A father with his two kids at the ocean with the young boy flying up in the air.
race car is the A observed crowd. by	A race car is observed by the crowd.
and People concrete outside near stand wall window. a a	People stand outside near a concrete wall and a window.
and a of one young something family with the is water. shooting pool playing in is A boys	A family is playing in a pool and one of the young boys is shooting something with water.
people at sunset. towards Two group walking of people a the beach on are	Two people are walking towards a group of people on the beach at sunset.
in front of a women wrestle crowd. Two	Two women wrestle in front of a crowd.
a middle large of A in forest. the rock formation	A large rock formation in the middle of a forest.
while dunk in basketball to slam game people attempting stands watch. bald the in man is a A a	A bald man is attempting to slam dunk a basketball in a game while people in the stands watch.
animal. plays with A dog black another	A black dog plays with another animal.
Frisbee dog A catches the in red snow. a	A dog catches a red Frisbee in the snow.
men Two jumping the outside grass. on	Two men jumping outside on the grass.
the the surface skimming white A is swan across water. of	A white swan is skimming across the surface of the water.
white and Girl blue doing uniform in cheers	Girl in blue and white uniform doing cheers
red a tugboat dock at A about is to port.	A red tugboat is about to dock at a port.
A paint except for topless or woman, mud. young	A young woman, topless except for paint or mud.
policeman a mounted is A man stadium. outside a talking to	A man is talking to a mounted policeman outside a stadium.
as she laughs coffee. A lady a man and drink	A lady laughs as she and a man drink coffee.
ocean attempting to a People on big in and wave. surf the surfing	People surfing and attempting to surf in the ocean on a big wave.
another girl helmet. hugging a The with girl is	The girl is hugging another girl with a helmet.
person in a lagoon. sitting shallow is A	A person is sitting in a shallow lagoon.
without climber Rock rope. a	Rock climber without a rope.
Man skateboard colored top on barrel rust darkened on area. in of	Man on skateboard on top of rust colored barrel in darkened area.
at tap. water an gather outdoor Africans	Africans gather water at an outdoor tap.
a fountain. children Three in playing	Three children playing in a fountain.
white a into spraying car fireman a jack water on small hood the of	a fireman spraying water into the hood of small white car on a jack
Group subway standing in people a tunnel. of	Group of people standing in a subway tunnel.
jumps a dog brown over chain. a	a brown dog jumps over a chain.
in art gallery. an standing sitting Group of and men	Group of men sitting and standing in an art gallery.
a A next to in a man cap wall. knit stands brick	A man in a knit cap stands next to a brick wall.
does figure. skateboarding woman in pink Young	Young woman in pink does skateboarding figure.
bed dog top the The of is sleeping covered by sheet. the on blue	The dog is sleeping on top of the bed covered by the blue sheet.
up ice. set A being on is tent the	A tent is being set up on the ice.
fast black running grass. green A on is dog	A black dog is running fast on green grass.
the street. break in Young dancing man	Young man break dancing in the street.
wearing blond of bar woman glasses a in a with several an apron empty wine front standing	a blond woman wearing an apron standing in front of a bar with several empty wine glasses
running the A on white beach. dog	A white dog running on the beach.
wearing jacket A fluorecent safety stands equipment. a near woman	A woman wearing a fluorecent safety jacket stands near equipment.
photos. road as dust take car race raises on Blue cloud spectators	Blue race car raises dust cloud on road as spectators take photos.
The air. in jumping the boy is	The boy is jumping in the air.
red player an by in whilst in being by stadium. spectators opposition are watched in purple and confronted white a footballers two American	two American footballers in red are confronted by an opposition player in purple and white whilst being watched by spectators in a stadium.
has chairs in crowd " him a a man Babies black Backyard A a front on box behind with and of him. "	A man with a " Backyard Babies " has a black box in front of him and a crowd on chairs behind him.
and grass. A beard black salt-and-pepper-haired the on man sits glasses wearing with	A salt-and-pepper-haired man with beard and glasses wearing black sits on the grass.
escalator. the up people go	people go up the escalator.
red off slide boy at wearing is blue a park. young A a a of shirt jumping	A young boy wearing a red shirt is jumping off of a blue slide at a park.
before retrieving it. the The ball dog eyes	The dog eyes the ball before retrieving it.
next two is eating a while a in pastry to A men. man jacket standing other black	A man in a black jacket is eating a pastry while standing next to two other men.
a in the Tbe t-shirt is his skateboard boy over path. black railing jumping a near	Tbe boy in the black t-shirt is jumping his skateboard over a railing near a path.
in bicycle A a man race. a clown as riding dressed a	A man dressed as a clown riding a bicycle in a race.
at on play a park. Four a merry-go-round boys	Four boys play on a merry-go-round at a park.
stands on hill blue skies A person clouds. and a by surrounded	A person stands on a hill surrounded by blue skies and clouds.
dogs in the brown water. Two with play Frisbee a	Two brown dogs play with a Frisbee in the water.
grass. black white on dog shaggy the A and is running	A shaggy black and white dog is running on the grass.
in back. her girl ear, eyebrows, has on red multi-piercings hair and and her a tattoo The	The girl has red hair and eyebrows, multi-piercings in her ear, and a tattoo on her back.
colorful banners railing with in background. from falling Boy building,	Boy falling from railing with building, colorful banners in background.
something. Two looking in at railing a front of are sitting men	Two men sitting in front of a railing are looking at something.
a a pond through group A field. dogs beside of runs	A group of dogs runs beside a pond through a field.
plays A spiky a in blue ball dog the with grass.	A dog plays with a blue spiky ball in the grass.
in of is doing a A crowd. front skateboard a guy trick	A guy is doing a skateboard trick in front of a crowd.
in the stairs. colorful up the The of is red a dress in top flight girl boy the following	The boy in the red top is following the girl in the colorful dress up a flight of stairs.
on house deck. a at tugboat A is with parked pier the	A tugboat is parked at the pier with a house on deck.
running is A during a competition. dog	A dog is running during a competition.
at girl park. a upside set down hangs on A swing a	A girl hangs upside down on a swing set at a park.
in forest. walking dogs two These are a	These two dogs are walking in a forest.
a dress towards is walks the leaving as black ocean. she in sand woman A footprints in the	A woman in a black dress is leaving footprints in the sand as she walks towards the ocean.
a truck broken bed. down on gets hummer A towed	A broken down hummer gets towed on a truck bed.
leaping dog toy blue with disc Brown in background. boat mouth orange yellow up with in and	Brown dog leaping up with orange disc in mouth with blue and yellow toy boat in background.
brown and dog field black a a running in	a black and brown dog running in a field
a field, ball. jumping dogs a for grassy one brown in Two	Two brown dogs in a grassy field, one jumping for a ball.
wooden the beside wall descending skater slope. the The is	The skater is descending the wooden wall beside the slope.
A small and around tall dog a dog in him white the snow. black sits run watches	A tall white dog sits and watches a small black dog run around him in the snow.
dog A purple fabric. bites	A dog bites purple fabric.
looks her babies. The mother bird over	The mother bird looks over her babies.
stares brown little an at ball orange carpet. a dog on A tennis	A little brown dog stares at a tennis ball on an orange carpet.
ball the a grass. Dog chasing after on	Dog chasing after a ball on the grass.
with stick in a river a dog a through his mouth swimming grey	a grey dog swimming through a river with a stick in his mouth
blue and woman a and rock blue a him. A top, on white a glasses white in jeans man standing jeans over top, sitting tank tank with glasses in a	A man in a white tank top, blue jeans and glasses sitting on a rock with a woman in a white tank top, blue jeans and glasses standing over him.
one man are Many three-wheeled in including a in bike. racing, the people bicycle	Many people are in the bicycle racing, including one man in a three-wheeled bike.
people A stand courtyard. a somthing European looking in of crowd at	A crowd of people stand looking at somthing in a European courtyard.
A the air. jumps dog in brown	A brown dog jumps in the air.
background. with on wildflowers people beside the path a of cement a a Three in skyscrapers field walk down	Three people on a walk down a cement path beside a field of wildflowers with skyscrapers in the background.
child water. An surrounding is on attending of a crowded path to adult body a	An adult is attending to child on a crowded path surrounding a body of water.
a man trees the and facing on with along building front of woman it. a A a bench	A man and a woman on a bench facing a building with trees along the front of it.
A hovering bee white flowers. over	A bee hovering over white flowers.
past old car a Someone drives fast buildings.	Someone drives a fast car past old buildings.
the watching in in girl the young others with water A background. playing	A young girl playing in the water with others watching in the background.
chase a ball Two blue dogs a in field.	Two dogs chase a blue ball in a field.
a for the at camera party. boy A poses	A boy poses for the camera at a party.
A and in dog a brown dog are grass. playing tall tan	A brown dog and a tan dog are playing in tall grass.
" impeach ". many up reading sign woman hold a	many woman hold up a sign reading " impeach ".
of dog walks top brown a on trunk. A felled tree	A brown dog walks on top of a felled tree trunk.
running in yard a fenced A dog	A dog running in a fenced yard
right. the ball player chasing another A with after on the player young soccer	A young soccer player chasing after the ball with another player on the right.
skateboarder a land to air the getting in ready	a skateboarder in the air getting ready to land
A body baseball. plays he as his man contorts	A man contorts his body as he plays baseball.
a A is in a kayak person navigating rapids in river. blue	A person in a blue kayak is navigating rapids in a river.
A a boy off jumping bicycle a ramp. on teenage is	A teenage boy on a bicycle is jumping off a ramp.
A watch tree. to try a a climb dog boy a and girl	A girl and a boy watch a dog try to climb a tree.
dogs other. each with play bigs Two	Two bigs dogs play with each other.
layered people dressed heavy motioning in The together. and clothing, are are	The people are dressed in heavy layered clothing, and are motioning together.
with background. camera with a man the in drink poses for A soft the park a	A man with a soft drink poses for the camera with a park in the background.
dog a The air in ball. the catch is jumping to	The dog is jumping in the air to catch a ball.
brown a his stick water. coming A dog of with in large mouth out	A large brown dog with a stick in his mouth coming out of water.
a watch. pool boy into A jumps lifeguards while	A boy jumps into a pool while lifeguards watch.
yellow in something her to hand A girl young a flowered in holds her sundress right mouth.	A young girl in a yellow flowered sundress holds something in her right hand to her mouth.
large on walks boy A wearing a as small he blue rock. balances	A small boy wearing blue balances as he walks on a large rock.
orange a people 5 portable of bathrooms. group stand Some by	Some people stand by a group of 5 orange portable bathrooms.
recreational makes onto young way her girl A equipment. red	A young girl makes her way onto red recreational equipment.
stops A at dog dog it. the chasing its tracks big small in to look	A small dog stops in its tracks to look at the big dog chasing it.
colored emitting red smoke. Airplane heavy	Airplane emitting heavy red colored smoke.
Two cute enjoying on girls cob. the little corn	Two cute little girls enjoying corn on the cob.
A football other run carrying behind a blue yellow football muddy, players young a uniform and him. muddy in with player	A young football player in a muddy, yellow and blue uniform carrying a football with other muddy players run behind him.
a jacket green in is small the riding boy through bike a mud. motocross	a boy in green jacket is riding a small motocross bike through the mud.
A in of balloons one game passing another the play street, people to group a	A group of people play a game in the street, passing balloons to one another
hat a person dress parade. unicycle a rides and in pink a in A a feathered	A person in a dress and a pink feathered hat rides a unicycle in a parade.
is the pinwheel crowd oriential above a A young playing girl with standing	A young oriential girl is standing above the crowd playing with a pinwheel
ocean. fishes Man in	Man fishes in ocean.
A area. in mid-jump, fenced photographed young a woman	A young woman photographed mid-jump, in a fenced area.
in A a man bike. black green rides dressed	A man dressed in black rides a green bike.
the dog Frisbee. a jumping air in to red catch a white	a white dog jumping in the air to catch a red Frisbee.
series traverse of Dirt bikers a jumps.	Dirt bikers traverse a series of jumps.
21 sees number jersey little A a pigeon. boy yellow, a in dark-skinned	A little dark-skinned boy in a yellow, number 21 jersey sees a pigeon.
a the through thick grass running collar with Dog	Dog with a thick collar running through the grass
splashes through black A dog water.	A black dog splashes through water.
to vertical. swinging hard enough get herself girl A	A girl swinging hard enough to get herself vertical.
in gray a trick doing on a a with A man motorcycle. red helmet	A man with a red helmet in doing a trick on a gray motorcycle.
barefooted Four dirty children. and	Four dirty and barefooted children.
the water. doberman is The leaping pincer through	The doberman pincer is leaping through the water.
to beach waves. on some walking the beagle A next	A beagle walking on the beach next to some waves.
A stands man a group robe cap, a wearing long over people. and a white white seated of	A man wearing a long white robe and a white cap, stands over a group of seated people.
Two dressed people as near a animals crowd.	Two people dressed as animals near a crowd.
the person doing midair A beach along in a flip	A person in midair doing a flip along the beach
with dogs at play two boys Two shore. the	Two boys play with two dogs at the shore.
dog jomps over black to A Frisbee. another and black a cloth white catch and white dog	A black and white dog jomps over another black and white dog to catch a cloth Frisbee.
with runs paws barren dog on white Black field	Black dog with white paws runs on barren field
with man of is A war dog. tug playing his	A man is playing tug of war with his dog.
A surrounded women a by street colorful winter down walks man clothing. in in the jacket	A man in a colorful jacket walks down the street surrounded by women in winter clothing.
A a is man beach. on the performing handstand	A man is performing a handstand on the beach.
dog white small running. A	A small white dog running.
the person in crouched sports is playing down. A snow	A person playing sports in the snow is crouched down.
against the A kayaker wave. of force crashes the	A kayaker crashes against the force of the wave.
in a soccer field. Children play	Children play soccer in a field.
lake. to brown grassy dog is near mound jumping a A a over	A brown dog is jumping over a grassy mound near to a lake.
path. a A on woman runs chalk white	A woman runs on a chalk white path.
the of concrete. other on girls Three on top each pile	Three girls pile on top of each other on the concrete.
dog stick mouth. snow large the a carrying runs in over A its	A dog runs over the snow carrying a large stick in its mouth.
is in A sitting in restaurant. a man black	A man in black is sitting in a restaurant.
mouth. black, white and along white in a his brown dog Frisbee running with a	a black, brown and white dog running along with a white Frisbee in his mouth.
dog crouching the grass hurdle. is A on near a	A dog is crouching on the grass near a hurdle.
a on shore wearing a man the a jacket yellow lake with of stands kayak. red A	A man wearing a red jacket stands on the shore of a lake with a yellow kayak.
a and and is brown A black playing white with brown dog. dog	A black and brown dog is playing with a brown and white dog.
a there brown on on colorful smaller floor. dog and is jumping ball a A of is dog white top the	A brown dog is jumping on top of a smaller white dog and there is a colorful ball on the floor.
in the a is A person jacket bike. black through a on air jumping	A person in a black jacket is jumping through the air on a bike.
slide. of shirt off blue a jumping and red The a is boy blonde wearing	The blonde boy is wearing a red shirt and jumping off of a blue slide.
A lands ramp. dirt biker a on	A dirt biker lands on a ramp.
in children a pool. Four jump	Four children jump in a pool.
walks A pants man shirt athletic an field. and blue sunglasses, beige in across	A man in sunglasses, blue shirt and beige pants walks across an athletic field.
haired blonde The is plane. child small holding the	The blonde haired child is holding the small plane.
tennis, a guy and crowd spectators, nearby A two watching. playing	A guy playing tennis, two nearby spectators, and a crowd watching.
playing black sand. dog white A the in and	A black and white dog playing in the sand.
fair. and walking bikini boots a a in Girl at bottoms, street away helmet	Girl in bikini bottoms, boots and a helmet walking away at a street fair.
enclosed standing in an A arms folded. bluejeans female with is area in	A female in bluejeans is standing in an enclosed area with arms folded.
shirt riding a bicycle a carying drink. green in bright in paved a A courtyard, man a	A man in a bright green shirt riding a bicycle in a paved courtyard, carying a drink.
few a people with some food eating standing around woman redheaded her a	a redheaded woman eating some food with a few people standing around her
bike. holding a a A lady helmet wearing	A lady wearing a helmet holding a bike.
standing advertising two of a in car is Bull. Red that front are girls	two girls are standing in front of a car that is advertising Red Bull.
aged man the middle is woman. A at looking aged middle	A middle aged man is looking at the middle aged woman.
comes hill. A the of vehicle a over top	A vehicle comes over the top of a hill.
baby moms little in arms. cries a his	a little baby cries in his moms arms.
in wetsuits kids blue surf. Two	Two kids in blue wetsuits surf.
a child is the area formal in places. is clothing along littered of in stony walking A that edge	A child in formal clothing is walking along the edge of a stony area that is littered in places.
dog black Frisbee. The with is red white catching a spots	The white dog with black spots is catching a red Frisbee.
snow. run Two dogs through the	Two dogs run through the snow.
ice ice on race rink. Two an on boys outdoor skates	Two boys on ice skates race on an outdoor ice rink.
people on end of the a dock. sit Two	Two people sit on the end of a dock.
water two shore in beside Dog running on geese	Dog running on shore beside two geese in water
holding wearing a football an a football player jersey orange	a football player wearing an orange jersey holding a football
amazement. young the The room enters girl in	The young girl enters the room in amazement.
florescent next sitting is green a a in shirt bag. woman to black A	A woman in a black shirt is sitting next to a florescent green bag.
A sidewalk. the his bike rider on bike sitting on	A bike rider sitting on his bike on the sidewalk.
a on Children playing trampoline.	Children playing on a trampoline.
other to in the is jumping the standing next One it. air is and dog	One dog is jumping in the air and the other is standing next to it.
dog grey small, grass. is in A fluffy, green the	A small, fluffy, grey dog is in the green grass.
people fly in a field kites two	two people fly kites in a field
front a railing of along in metal is a concrete building. riding skateboarder A skateboard a	A skateboarder is riding a skateboard along a metal railing in front of a concrete building.
the wearing track. eight number white A the race dog runs on	A white race dog wearing the number eight runs on the track.
man alone A in a sits book. reading diner a	A man sits alone in a diner reading a book.
girl A next the to dog on in black bicycle lies a woods. a and ground white red little on the	A black and white dog lies on the ground next to a little girl on a red bicycle in the woods.
sand. while shaking his on is dog head brown standing A	A brown dog is shaking his head while standing on sand.
a white couple and posing a with tiger plastic orange	a couple posing with a plastic orange and white tiger
with in child arm other woman one on her hand. back walking and A a under the bags on street her and	A woman walking on the street with a child on her back and bags under one arm and in her other hand.
over sand walking A with and many tan shoreline is small a hills. dog black	A black and tan dog is walking over a shoreline with many small sand hills.
in snow. sitting heavy in the clothing toddler A	A toddler in heavy clothing sitting in the snow.
catches in standing grass. dog ball a A while colored the	A dog catches a colored ball while standing in the grass.
jumps holding the in air, woman dog a A is while up. a stick	A woman is holding a stick in the air, while a dog jumps up.
A brown digs in an orange dog for sand the ball.	A brown dog digs in the sand for an orange ball.
with dog White in outside people two background.	White dog outside with two people in background.
it. at to look one in an dogs reach Four the sky, jumping object	Four dogs look at an object in the sky, one jumping to reach it.
on man in stick. holds The the something a glasses	The man in the glasses holds something on a stick.
her headscarf her Woman orange with in chair. face in sitting over hand blue a	Woman in orange headscarf with her hand over her face sitting in a blue chair.
dog with little a his tongue out running hanging	a little dog running with his tongue hanging out
colorful A jumping bed girl color-block a quilt. a with in on clothing is	A girl in colorful clothing is jumping on a bed with a color-block quilt.
another has ball. brown dog green dog A brown a chases who	A brown dog chases another brown dog who has a green ball.
sitting men a next to tall Two stone.	Two men sitting next to a tall stone.
jacket. and running a black A wearing along brown is grassy path red a dog	A brown and black dog is running along a grassy path wearing a red jacket.
playfully pet investigates bag. contents A gift of the a	A pet playfully investigates the contents of a gift bag.
biker A forest. riding a mountain through	A mountain biker riding through a forest.
jump. on a bicycle man a A performing	A man on a bicycle performing a jump.
Three play in puppies and grass. bite the together small	Three small puppies bite and play together in the grass.
people side bridge. the many of over a look	many people look over the side of a bridge.
with long suit in man A toward hair a a looking woman black	A man in a black suit looking toward a woman with long hair
vacant to in man boy A talks a a area.	A man talks to a boy in a vacant area.
shopping for a Woman holding baby books	Woman holding a baby shopping for books
dog clear stick water. of A out a very fetching is	A dog is fetching a stick out of very clear water.
wearing cower doorway are they people Two jeans. in and both a	Two people cower in a doorway and they are both wearing jeans.
small held dog leash. a on A being	A small dog being held on a leash.
went from like and got the shopping It AVEDA store. the something girl looks	It looks like the girl went shopping and got something from the AVEDA store.
howling Three barking, dogs	Three barking, howling dogs
the at A of at stands the stairs to man a top flight entrance of a stadium.	A man stands at the top of a flight of stairs at the entrance to a stadium.
dog The rests playing catch. after	The dog rests after playing catch.
the A sidewalk street. is van white a at on in girl looking the	A girl is on the sidewalk looking at a white van in the street.
and on. look man small A child black a in football brown catches midair a white dog as and	A small black brown and white dog catches a football in midair as a man and child look on.
A a goes racket ball. man with tennis for the	A man with a tennis racket goes for the ball.
to tree in Two city. dogs a tied are a	Two dogs are tied to a tree in a city.
boy Young the on beach. ball plays	Young boy plays ball on the beach.
old woman in jacket for An a sunglasses and jean camera. smiles the	An old woman in sunglasses and a jean jacket smiles for the camera.
orange player basketball. white is basketball in an holding The	The basketball player in white is holding an orange basketball.
through dog black the A grass. carrying something	A black dog carrying something through the grass.
top a the man black shirt a ledge. along rides of A wearing his skateboard	A man wearing a black shirt rides his skateboard along the top of a ledge.
each dogs in other grassy Two facing are a field.	Two dogs are facing each other in a grassy field.
him. A are is ball small to about two kids other kid kick a while soccer chasing	A small kid is about to kick a soccer ball while two other kids are chasing him.
player the a football. football catching	a football player catching the football.
leg outdoors. warmly up A girl her kicks dressed	A warmly dressed girl kicks up her leg outdoors.
by background. the pigeons, building in being A boy marble swarmed	A boy being swarmed by pigeons, marble building in the background.
scales rock woman pastures. A above climber far a cliff	A woman rock climber scales a cliff far above pastures.
boy on playground. sandy a pushes swing a on a A girl	A girl pushes a boy on a swing on a sandy playground.
staring Black downward. man sunglasses jacket and in leather	Black man in sunglasses and leather jacket staring downward.
run through sand. kids Two grey	Two kids run through grey sand.
a dog ball nose. a on black soccer balances its	a black dog balances a soccer ball on its nose.
woman, A man, child. and	A man, woman, and child.
trying with the its dog black legs run to in buried A is snow.	A black dog is trying to run with its legs buried in the snow.
wearing to left A right. looks the while a to light the blue woman coat a man looks	A woman wearing a light blue coat looks to the left while a man looks to the right.
The outside others. woman is performing a for clown as dressed	The woman dressed as a clown is performing outside for others.
at his and beach. a owner rocky dog A	A dog and his owner at a rocky beach.
down away. green inside tube looks as Camera child slides	Camera looks down inside green tube as child slides away.
Two the stand water's by people edge.	Two people stand by the water's edge.
with sequined lady red in hat a A face paint.	A lady in a sequined hat with red face paint.
on doing the tricks on sidewalk. skateboard boy Little a	Little boy doing tricks on a skateboard on the sidewalk.
arm boy a A bed. broken resting with in a is	A boy with a broken arm is resting in a bed.
Two field. a soccer play kids in	Two kids play soccer in a field.
sidewalk talking Two to other. the each on walking ladies	Two ladies walking on the sidewalk talking to each other.
wearhing a child blue in the thumbs a coat two giving up. snow small white	a small child in the white snow wearhing a blue coat giving two thumbs up.
a in bridge. Woman a dress walking across	Woman in a dress walking across a bridge.
in dog snowball to trying snow. the A a catch	A dog trying to catch a snowball in the snow.
pool in jumps trunks into the floral swim boy	boy in floral swim trunks jumps into the pool
dogs in running Two the dirt.	Two dogs running in the dirt.
girl climbing little a ladder. A is	A little girl is climbing a ladder.
nose. with up asian a finger her An girl	An asian girl with a finger up her nose.
at looking water. the Two fisherman	Two fisherman looking at the water.
purple a and in is riding helmet girl on scooter. shirt A little a	A little girl in a purple shirt and helmet is riding on a scooter.
a riding mountainside. a bicycle man A down	A man riding a bicycle down a mountainside.
by surrounded A leafless Collie bushes.	A Collie surrounded by leafless bushes.
bike dirt is a off on a man A ramp. jumping	A man on a bike is jumping off a dirt ramp.
poodles Two playing tug-o-war	Two poodles playing tug-o-war
girl and with blue a metal and with bowls pink plastic chopsticks. is shirt blue drumming headband A on	A girl with a pink headband and blue shirt is drumming on blue plastic and metal bowls with chopsticks.
boys soccer. Four playing	Four boys playing soccer.
the grass. colored and chocolate running a dog in a white is dog There	There is a white dog and a chocolate colored dog running in the grass.
on is A beach. running the dog	A dog is running on the beach.
is running a retriever field in golden grassy a	a golden retriever is running in a grassy field
cheek A blond on a wearing by man shirt muscular shirt. wearing a black woman kissed is an man being the orange	A man muscular man wearing an orange shirt is being kissed on the cheek by a blond woman wearing a black shirt.
plays multi-colored fountain. in a A child	A child plays in a multi-colored fountain.
the floor. while fatigues laying is something in man reading on A army	A man in army fatigues is reading something while laying on the floor.
big is a brown to splash whilst dog making A trying swim.	A brown dog is making a big splash whilst trying to swim.
a making down backpack wearing a way hill. skier A is black his	A skier wearing a black backpack is making his way down a hill.
bike a woods. hill woman up near rides the A her	A woman rides her bike up a hill near the woods.
a sign. Two homeless holding guys with guy one	Two guys with one guy holding a homeless sign.
with light the a brown in jumps A the tail toward of air pontoon dog water. his	A light brown dog with his tail in the air jumps of a pontoon toward the water.
older body male an kneels is her. of looking a A water while at girl behind young	A young girl is looking at a body of water while an older male kneels behind her.
can he dog ball so the it. retrieve kick some The to awaits soccer	The dog awaits some to kick the soccer ball so he can retrieve it.
posts the wooden is dog running beach. A on past brown	A brown dog is running past wooden posts on the beach.
on wearing bike. his in the is man helmet blue A riding dirt a	A man wearing a blue helmet is riding in the dirt on his bike.
Two the in for field hockey. battle players ball	Two players battle for the ball in field hockey.
conoes river. float the down two	two conoes float down the river.
grass. A through the running dog	A dog running through the grass.
on in snowsuit red a is skies in the snow. There child a little	There is a little child in a snowsuit on red skies in the snow.
over toy. dogs stuffed green a fight Two	Two dogs fight over a green stuffed toy.
boy containing pushes An enthusiastic boy. smiling cart shopping a a	An enthusiastic boy pushes a shopping cart containing a smiling boy.
park in near woman a a water feature. city Young	Young woman in a city park near a water feature.
volleyball at thrown net. A baseball a is being	A baseball is being thrown at a volleyball net.
A a water by slide. down his child, held slides mother,	A child, held by his mother, slides down a water slide.
wristwatch with is baby curious a a about something	a baby with a wristwatch is curious about something
of sign boundary A is field. player nearby baseball making a the and a play large	A baseball player is making a play nearby a large sign and boundary of the field.
biker in air. trick trials doing a the A	A trials biker doing a trick in the air.
puppet of A van out aligator an a camper boy sticks window.	A boy sticks an aligator puppet out of a camper van window.
touching a lean each toward boy's face they laughing Little girl as and other.	Little girl laughing and touching a boy's face as they lean toward each other.
man a a in pink ring in herding goats shirt a	a man in a pink shirt herding goats in a ring
black and The the cat at piece white of fabric. pawed	The white and black cat pawed at the piece of fabric.
a her. onto huge woman is around string The holding has rock red and	The woman is holding onto a huge rock and has red string around her.
sprayed with string see halves can boys the silly You on bottom of everywhere a sidewalk standing three	You can see the bottom halves of three boys standing on a sidewalk with silly string sprayed everywhere
tennis Miami a ball hits forehand. with the player	Miami tennis player hits the ball with a forehand.
sit outside and with engage young people electronic Three devices.	Three young people sit outside and engage with electronic devices.
clothing A including many wearing pearls. woman antiquated	A woman wearing antiquated clothing including many pearls.
Men in are uniforms. dressed soccer	Men are dressed in soccer uniforms.
children eating adult three ice some next sitting cream to young steps. on One	One adult sitting next to three young children eating ice cream on some steps.
swims in boy underwater a smiling pool. A	A smiling boy swims underwater in a pool.
downhill. person A skiing	A person skiing downhill.
are leather smiling. vests with men Shirtless	Shirtless men with leather vests are smiling.
a red a another girl playing flute little girl guitar. A is while is playing recorder pink	A little girl is playing a red recorder flute while another girl is playing a pink guitar.
A bmx performing a on trick a man bike	A man performing a trick on a bmx bike
the black A water. female in in a splashes bikini	A female in a black bikini splashes in the water.
skateboarder near a A midair jumps building.	A skateboarder jumps midair near a building.
snowboarder up A ramp. goes a	A snowboarder goes up a ramp.
bike The a dusk. on person doing at a trick is	The person is doing a trick on a bike at dusk.
canoe. a A blue jackets yellow man are a in little life and rowing boy	A man and a little boy in blue life jackets are rowing a yellow canoe.
speech with is dealing lady giving the genocide. A Armenian a	A lady is giving a speech dealing with the Armenian genocide.
gear. dog a wearing attacking man protective A	A dog attacking a man wearing protective gear.
blonde bed another. from one small jumping child A to	A small blonde child jumping from one bed to another.
feet puddle through several driving mud hummer A is deep. a	A hummer is driving through a mud puddle several feet deep.
wearing elderly orange lady indian bangles. and is an headscarf An	An elderly indian lady is wearing an orange headscarf and bangles.
on woman reads a bench in park. A paper a a	A woman reads a paper on a bench in a park.
his swimming down trunks canoe. on man piled belongings that walking yellow A a are to in	A man in swimming trunks walking down to his belongings that are piled on a yellow canoe.
a bench. Rollerblades A a man area on wearing is standing park near paved	A man is wearing Rollerblades standing on a paved area near a park bench.
hill. the over jumps A snowy snowboarder high	A snowboarder jumps high over the snowy hill.
while she A the breeze hair swings. in with girl long flying	A girl with long hair flying in the breeze while she swings.
on young train. Six subway a for a are people photograph posing	Six young people are posing for a photograph on a subway train.
white dog a A white field. with black ball in playing brown and a sparse	A black and white dog playing with a white ball in a sparse brown field.
A at in glasses speaks holding as look man him. cameras men	A man in glasses speaks as men holding cameras look at him.
hang a girls Two upside park at down	Two girls hang upside down at a park
are the water retrieving stick. in a dogs two The	The two dogs are in the water retrieving a stick.
racing greyhounds a dog track. along Muzzled are	Muzzled greyhounds are racing along a dog track.
dog a tall and playing dog brown in black A weeds.	A black dog and a brown dog playing in tall weeds.
wearing and whilst silver skier helmet The backpack. hill the is a red descending	The skier is descending the hill whilst wearing a silver helmet and red backpack.
back smiling. girls wear in looking Two are evening and	Two girls in evening wear are looking back and smiling.
front women building. brick Two of a in standing large	Two women standing in front of a large brick building.
the dog surf. A running in	A dog running in the surf.
muzzle the dog the brown is in blue with The field.	The brown dog with the blue muzzle is in the field.
shirt A the a in is in a grass. man winning grey race	A man in a grey shirt is winning a race in the grass.
bag. in A man and white bending is down a digging	A man is bending down and digging in a white bag.
brown a coloring is a up mirror leashed black, white, with dog and to	a dog with black, white, and brown coloring is leashed up to a mirror
surfboard A blue a wave small bright in water. rides a boy over	A boy rides a surfboard over a small wave in bright blue water.
the towards A dog camera. white and black runs	A black and white dog runs towards the camera.
playing soccer are together. Two kids	Two kids are playing soccer together.
garbage can. over snowboard upturned jumps an A	A snowboard jumps over an upturned garbage can.
on a race track. Dogs	Dogs race on a track.
baby a on buddy my A " shirt bed. wearing a " best	A baby wearing a " my best buddy " shirt on a bed.
small kid tire swing a swinging on a	a small kid swinging on a tire swing
people costumes. Two in dressed	Two people dressed in costumes.
over A while person film. motorcycle a men jumping pole is camera a	A person is jumping a motorcycle over a pole while camera men film.
woman by a in her gets swimming splashed A pool swimmer past. teammate	A woman swimmer in a pool gets splashed by her teammate swimming past.
with microphone singing person a next a guitar. Woman playing to	Woman singing with a microphone next to a person playing guitar.
brown brown dogs, one a one Two white, and running and in yard.	Two dogs, one brown and one brown and white, running in a yard.
Four wall. a and near canoers rock kayakers	Four kayakers and canoers near a rock wall.
skating rail. on man is A a	A man is skating on a rail.
talking man wearing looking a and Couple sweatshirt is gray cellphone same a coat. using a and direction, wearing woman is black in	Couple talking and looking in same direction, man is using a cellphone and wearing a gray sweatshirt woman is wearing a black coat.
A walking group is rock between two formations. giant	A group is walking between two giant rock formations.
dog dog squabble over and a A spotted toy. brown dog a	A brown dog and a spotted dog squabble over a dog toy.
surfboard a A a wave rides woman on	A woman on a surfboard rides a wave
right. of with the cars a with Girl tank track to in green standing train train top multicolor middle the	Girl with green tank top standing in the middle of a train track with multicolor train cars to the right.
route. his climbing A rock man to pauses calculate	A man rock climbing pauses to calculate his route.
a to yellow player hit a tennis shirt ball. swings back A black wearing	A tennis player wearing a black shirt swings back to hit a yellow ball.
swimming A in white while dog holding a mouth. toy his orange	A white dog swimming while holding a orange toy in his mouth.
station. a people bunch of train A at	A bunch of people at a train station.
bird fence in dog mouth. a black The its is a over with jumping	The black dog is jumping over a fence with a bird in its mouth.
leaving on some and behind footprints walking A is beach man the	A man is walking on the beach and leaving some footprints behind
in other people next with standing the mountains each two distance. to	two people standing next to each other with mountains in the distance.
by man sits edge. on ocean's empty rocks an the at chair A	A man sits on rocks by an empty chair at the ocean's edge.
two an The viewing people artist's are piece.	The two people are viewing an artist's piece.
with groom. dramatically bridesmaids Four the posing	Four bridesmaids posing dramatically with the groom.
in river. a People wading	People wading in a river.
over dog in its The rolls to the sand. back scratch	The dog rolls over to scratch its back in the sand.
uniform. A a motorcycle riding wearing a while black man	A man riding a motorcycle while wearing a black uniform.
a white laying bed. women Two are on upside down	Two women are laying upside down on a white bed.
A dog light through swimming tan swampy water.	A light tan dog swimming through swampy water.
a black stands and mouth dog a has in nearby. its The toy person	The black dog has a toy in its mouth and a person stands nearby.
a plain. a snowy wagon A her mother pulls in over daughter	A mother pulls her daughter in a wagon over a snowy plain.
men in Jack perform acrobatics. Two and hats Union bowler underwear	Two men in bowler hats and Union Jack underwear perform acrobatics.
and yellow tulips. A man white pictures takes of	A man takes pictures of white and yellow tulips.
a fronr chained house. of dog A in	A dog chained in fronr of a house.
a dirt jump. from a quad launches	a quad launches from a dirt jump.
is can jersey wearing pulling the underwear of red see because soccer the his white he up the shorts. We man	We can see the white underwear of the man wearing the red soccer jersey because he is pulling up his shorts.
as are hand big stands his dog leg direction. A on balls his tennis thrown	A big dog stands on his hand leg as tennis balls are thrown his direction.
shelves at on Man of looking scooter electric shoes.	Man on electric scooter looking at shelves of shoes.
on toy. a catches bed jumps A a dog and green	A dog jumps on a bed and catches a green toy.
air smiling an in the by as thrown are they being A child adult.	A child smiling as they are being thrown in the air by an adult.
the woods. A with in boy rope	A boy with rope in the woods.
is A on running dog little brown the grass.	A little brown dog is running on the grass.
arms Costumed with onstage performers outstretched. their stand	Costumed performers stand onstage with their arms outstretched.
a is A in race on turning car a racetrack. bicycle driver Yamaha	A race car driver in a Yamaha bicycle is turning on a racetrack.
blonde in one Two women, glasses.	Two blonde women, one in glasses.
dress blowing bubbles girl a wearing a dock. A is at	A girl wearing a dress is blowing bubbles at a dock.
girl wearing a tricycle her fairy costume A rides	A girl wearing a fairy costume rides her tricycle
and a has with guitar. man The is hand playing his short in the hair man microphone other	The man with short hair has a microphone in his hand and the other man is playing guitar.
straight ahead at looks night. man A	A man looks straight ahead at night.
young cat a on a kitchen standing next A girl yellow countertop. to	A young girl standing next to a yellow cat on a kitchen countertop.
red yellow dog snow in ball. a with The the is	The yellow dog is in the snow with a red ball.
his Young rides boy scooter drive. on	Young boy rides his scooter on drive.
A people pulling a group rope on of	A group of people pulling on a rope
large boat through A harbor. the drives	A large boat drives through the harbor.
a craft with on surfs person a A sail.	A person surfs on a craft with a sail.
splashing dog is and in white black stream. A a	A black and white dog is splashing in a stream.
in a white woods. shirt a the on trail is A man in standing	A man in a white shirt is standing on a trail in the woods.
toy, has open toy. has brown black dog with a mouth dogs, and brown one dog black the Two yellow one	Two dogs, one brown one black with a yellow toy, black dog has mouth open and brown dog has the toy.
The a and wearing in bib adult sitting ' is an baby	The baby is wearing a bib and sitting in an adult '
expressions group hands excited with making of a people their	a group of people making excited expressions with their hands
rock goes climber A sideways.	A rock climber goes sideways.
climb to is rock A a young and ready getting wall. boy manmade harnessed	A young boy is getting harnessed and ready to climb a manmade rock wall.
really brown big a dog holding stick. A	A brown dog holding a really big stick.
in shovel. a dirt and the A bucket baby with playing	A baby playing in the dirt with a bucket and shovel.
a holding in giving one Man a hand in red other. jacket thumbs-up ticket with	Man in red jacket giving a thumbs-up with one hand a holding ticket in other.
pants. brown with snowboarder A	A snowboarder with brown pants.
A sun is as the they against ground. snowboarder leave the silhouetted	A snowboarder is silhouetted against the sun as they leave the ground.
Mutltiple are dogs a small tent. walking near people	Mutltiple people are walking small dogs near a tent.
is child hair cob. on The black with corn the eating	The child with black hair is eating corn on the cob.
woman An and summer hiking in clothing hat older a smiles.	An older woman in hiking clothing and a summer hat smiles.
a enjoys a coffee. biker	a biker enjoys a coffee.
incline turns woods in jeans boy little smile. the and small to in A blue a around climbs	A little boy in blue jeans climbs a small incline in the woods and turns around to smile.
playing in are water children fountains. Several	Several children are playing in water fountains.
ball the beach. on A small a brown dog with plays	A small brown dog plays with a ball on the beach.
in golden near dog runs the tones the sand on A ocean. wet	A wet dog in golden tones runs on the sand near the ocean.
going is person The into the water.	The person is going into the water.
flat are with two a clothing The dogs field. in uncut	The two dogs with clothing are in a flat uncut field.
the Mohawk man a with air. in arms his with A	A man with a Mohawk with his arms in the air.
the surf. children in Two playing	Two children playing in the surf.
dog grass hound the walking a outside. through smal	a smal hound dog walking through the grass outside.
track an car road on blue race A off	A blue race car on an off road track
in children fun having paper. other outside cover trying to Four toilet each	Four children having fun outside trying to cover each other in toilet paper.
singer violinist and A a people. of in front perform	A violinist and a singer perform in front of people.
spectators, baseball four field, a a players with on and Two crowd.	Two baseball players on a field, with four spectators, and a crowd.
little on red balances A hat in and girl tightropes. a pants	A little girl in a hat and red pants balances on tightropes.
snow-covered sledding down street. children Five a	Five children sledding down a snow-covered street.
carts filled their with sit shopping belongings. sidewalk men the on Two with	Two men sit on the sidewalk with shopping carts filled with their belongings.
a on racing green muzzle a a track. bib and greyhound runs A with	A greyhound with a green racing bib and a muzzle runs on a track.
young from leaps couch boy A to another. one	A young boy leaps from one couch to another.
a soccer A machine. boy hangs a green in from outfit	A boy in a green soccer outfit hangs from a machine.
chasing Brown pink a ball. dog	Brown dog chasing a pink ball.
man is basketball. A a blue shooting	A man is shooting a blue basketball.
in the swimming stick. a water with Dog	Dog swimming in the water with a stick.
and area. Person wooded walking top in towards slacks dark	Person in dark slacks and top walking towards wooded area.
tongue playfully dogs a out. has its dog, which third sticking bite Two	Two dogs playfully bite a third dog, which has its tongue sticking out.
A retreiver the in golden swimming water.	A golden retreiver swimming in the water.
a with tunnel. is waiting a grey in wearing hair Man subway suit	Man with grey hair wearing a suit is waiting in a subway tunnel.
brown The string. blue chewing the dog dog the white is watching	The brown dog is watching the white dog chewing the blue string.
girl on tree posing	girl posing on tree
slope. sharp A a on turn skier making a	A skier making a sharp turn on a slope.
grass, back lies a dog its on in mouth. brown in its holding ball A the	A brown dog lies on its back in the grass, holding a ball in its mouth.
A muddy riding bike a and sidecar team motocross a around are bend on circuit.	A motocross bike and sidecar team are riding around a bend on a muddy circuit.
of riding closeup a man a bicycle. A	A closeup of a man riding a bicycle.
the looking A a boy red hat camera. a and cookie wearing holding at is	A boy holding a cookie and wearing a red hat is looking at the camera.
A man window. sits at bus bearded a	A bearded man sits at a bus window.
rubber ball are Two a girls sitting little yellow on toy.	Two little girls are sitting on a yellow rubber ball toy.
dog white the across running snow A	A white dog running across the snow
a person the seated whites in ground. on A sailor talks man to	A man in sailor whites talks to a person seated on the ground.
her A store a of is young wearing boardwalk. front bike riding in girl a pink on	A young girl wearing pink is riding her bike in front of a store on a boardwalk.
jumping a bike. is while person A riding	A person is jumping while riding a bike.
to two men into that is jackets in to hi-viz a carved welcome are in man rock. suit Penzance talking the sign next a	two men in hi-viz jackets are talking to a man in suit next to the Penzance welcome sign that is carved into a rock.
audience. skateboarder trick a A an for does	A skateboarder does a trick for an audience.
shirt tube. baseball crawls through in a A a baby	A baby in a baseball shirt crawls through a tube.
hair young slide A his boy is standing down sliding with blue a up,	A young boy with his hair standing up, is sliding down a blue slide
A girls are in small beach. playing on the boy sand the and	A small boy and girls are playing in the sand on the beach.
in suits boys young wrestle. Two	Two young boys in suits wrestle.
playing shallow children water fireworks with Two in	Two children playing with fireworks in shallow water
Two jumping on trampoline. boys a	Two boys jumping on a trampoline.
boy is with on standing a girl A an with shore tool orange in spraying shallow the mud. water	A boy with an orange tool on the shore is spraying a girl standing in shallow water with mud.
trampoline. is a flipping blue Someone on	Someone is flipping on a blue trampoline.
a smile. riding Two blue rollercoaster children	Two children riding a blue rollercoaster smile.
young running wearing on the a gren shirt a beach boy	a young boy wearing a gren shirt running on the beach
Shepherd over German jumping a is tree. fallen The	The German Shepherd is jumping over a fallen tree.
a is dog digging in the A sand. hole	A dog is digging a hole in the sand.
ocean. the fly in fishes A man	A man fly fishes in the ocean.
a A in boy into red jumping sandbox.	A boy in red jumping into a sandbox.
on girl A plays the swing.	A girl plays on the swing.
the camera. smile women for Two	Two women smile for the camera.
one the chair, injured. a in Two standing, women, sitting be appear to other	Two women, one sitting in a chair, the other standing, appear to be injured.
training. up for A streght runs jogger stairs brick	A jogger runs up brick stairs for streght training.
Two grass. little one the boy little on running are and girls	Two little girls and one little boy are running on the grass.
catch are Two playing in field. a dogs	Two dogs are playing catch in a field.
Black mouth. blue dog with string in its	Black dog with blue string in its mouth.
lanterns. Chinese walking down lined with People street	People walking down street lined with Chinese lanterns.
with their shoes are sitting The off. children	The children are sitting with their shoes off.
yellow canoe. next in an A is to man a orange standing vest	A man in an orange vest is standing next to a yellow canoe.
black dog. and A cat hugging gray a white	A black cat hugging a white and gray dog.
snowy through dog Black jumps field.	Black dog jumps through snowy field.
mouth. has ball dog A in an orange its	A dog has an orange ball in its mouth.
around racetrack. group bicycles people ride a curve of on a A	A group of people ride bicycles around a curve on a racetrack.
rest art. couches the on around tired museum at an Two art view while the children adults them	Two tired children rest on couches at an art museum while the adults around them view the art.
the man at standing bar. beer is A headed by pumps bald the	A bald headed man is standing by the beer pumps at the bar.
through man a maneuvers stream. a motorcycle A rocky	A man maneuvers a motorcycle through a rocky stream.
her around dress girl swings a neck. a A wearing hoop hula pink	A girl wearing a pink dress swings a hula hoop around her neck.
a a talking A is in middle in of standing the plaza of family bunch birds.	A family is talking in a plaza standing in the middle of a bunch of birds.
certificate three young to presenting is wrestlers. A a man sumo	A man is presenting a certificate to three young sumo wrestlers.
dogs, building. a brown outside tussle others one Three red black, in over the toy a grass large the and	Three large dogs, one brown and the others black, tussle over a red toy in the grass outside a building.
group the in talk walk of people on some phones. A while park,	A group of people walk in the park, while some talk on phones.
wearing man blue The a hat. is	The man is wearing a blue hat.
baby A on in slide. pants sitting red a blue is	A baby in blue pants is sitting on a red slide.
of room in a candles. with people pink sitting group A	A group of people sitting in a pink room with candles.
above A ground. air the bike spins his biker the in	A biker spins his bike in the air above the ground.
pose sized front medium of group the people of A camera. in	A medium sized group of people pose in front of the camera.
There man a is brown a with hat cigarette. a lighting	There is a man with a brown hat lighting a cigarette.
on a Man balcony. ledge of leaning	Man leaning on ledge of a balcony.
track. a rolled dirt red has a on car over	a red car has rolled over on a dirt track.
Two the brown-and-black, street. walk small one and down dogs, one black-and-white	Two small dogs, one black-and-white and one brown-and-black, walk down the street.
white black A wearing crossing a woman and road.	A woman wearing black and white crossing a road.
people train subway separated Two a by seat a in	Two people in a subway train separated by a seat
on play Well carpet. the children dressed	Well dressed children play on the carpet.
fenced and a fighting black tan dog yard. dog a inside A	A tan dog and a black dog fighting inside a fenced yard.
One is another handstand watches girl a girl trampoline on doing while a	One girl is doing a handstand on a trampoline while another girl watches
in Swimmers camera from a away line facing	Swimmers in a line facing away from camera
holds a onto pole on little street. girl a city A	A little girl holds onto a pole on a city street.
in public. rides A a painted woman bike	A painted woman rides a bike in public.
in a play of in A boy front toddler a young and fountain building. a	A young boy and a toddler play in a fountain in front of a building.
and A white boy a flying red kite.	A boy flying a red and white kite.
red arms on of hill. side with a shirt outstretched in the boy A	A boy in a red shirt with arms outstretched on the side of hill.
stands A of woman of front water with water body smiling in birds. a	A smiling woman stands in front of a body of water with water birds.
nearby. are men another near the rock man standing sitting a Two on ocean with	Two men are sitting on a rock near the ocean with another man standing nearby.
dressed gloves at people pink in white Two look mountain. and the ropes	Two people dressed in white ropes and pink gloves look at the mountain.
A a to spash standing man a river rock in a next on with him.	A man standing on a rock in a river with a spash next to him.
ball. dogs field to catch Two are in tennis a running a	Two dogs in a field are running to catch a tennis ball.
seagulls beach. taking from the A flock off of is	A flock of seagulls is taking off from the beach.
of water. A body is rocks edge wearing playing at a the a on hat of small child	A small child wearing a hat is playing on rocks at the edge of a body of water.
a midair. performing in A bicyclist trick	A bicyclist performing a trick in midair.
table drivers umbrella. a gondola the Two rest of in shade	Two gondola drivers rest in the shade of a table umbrella.
gray is A in grass. dog	A gray dog is in grass.
An man in on and a old a coat hat park sitting bench.	An old man in a coat and hat sitting on a park bench.
restaurant, Crowded in foreground. empty chair Mexican	Crowded Mexican restaurant, empty chair in foreground.
A has t-shirt. a younger white a of the shoulder t-shirt green skirt a orange woman draped arm in in skirt woman over and her and	A woman in a skirt and green t-shirt has her arm draped over the shoulder of a younger woman in a white skirt and orange t-shirt.
along bike green A rider a in races jersey road.	A bike rider in green jersey races along a road.
in a looks a at man suit woman a A dress. in	A man in a suit looks at a woman in a dress.
a shirt woman print and a man white in a dress dancing. in black A	A man in a white print shirt and a woman in a black dress dancing.
bridge women Dog strollers a and baby with area. rural in crossing	Dog and women with baby strollers crossing a bridge in rural area.
A jumping a person hole. into	A person jumping into a hole.
green the is young shirt jeans and blue a in A girl in red grass.	A young girl in blue jeans and a red shirt is in the green grass.
holding A a waterfall. can in a man	A man holding a can in a waterfall.
are daughter a of in together. Father playing shallow area lake a and	Father and daughter are playing in a shallow area of a lake together.
climber a peak. snowy along A walks	A climber walks along a snowy peak.
" blonde-haired You A wears tank-top " Thank and girl large a that sports says tattoo. a	A blonde-haired girl wears a tank-top that says " Thank You " and sports a large tattoo.
2 geese A dog open field. chasing in an	A dog chasing 2 geese in an open field.
the hill down full man a mask riding with is grassy face The	The man with the full face mask is riding down a grassy hill
children are a sitting of on stair marble top case. Three	Three children are sitting on top of a marble stair case.
dance A ballerinas young group in studio. a of are	A group of young ballerinas are in a dance studio.
of man at the American in the A stands flag stairs. top shorts	A man in American flag shorts stands at the top of the stairs.
bench on amongst sitting girl the A grass a	A girl sitting on a bench amongst the grass
in a woman a into A glass. clear pouring restaurant wine	A woman in a restaurant pouring wine into a clear glass.
dog sunset. a beach stands on A at	A dog stands on a beach at sunset.
with above. white blue by very a red and sky A standing with building man a sunglasses	A man with sunglasses standing by a white and red building with a very blue sky above.
player the field Sooners a with football in jersey, in background. crowd down a A runs large a	A football player in a Sooners jersey, runs down a field with a large crowd in the background.
bases. player is The the one to of young baseball running	The young baseball player is running to one of the bases.
a around streetpole playing children	children playing around a streetpole
Three dogs running grassy through are a field.	Three dogs are running through a grassy field.
cracker boy holding nearby. with a with A cup a a pink small ball cap red	A small boy with a red ball cap holding a cracker with a pink cup nearby.
bridge. person crosses snowboard a on wooden A a makeshift	A person on a snowboard crosses a makeshift wooden bridge.
dog Black with running his tongue out.	Black dog running with his tongue out.
leg child stepping pads and children actions an are near Two adult. with another performing	Two children with leg pads are performing stepping actions near another child and an adult.
up and on Man peak green with sunglasses a hate high	Man with green hate and sunglasses on a high up peak
down on dog lies cobblestone A street. a	A dog lies down on a cobblestone street.
Man fake dressed stands to police as woman officer. up next a	Man stands next to woman dressed up as a fake police officer.
checked is green tree a with standing by of boy wearing shirt a piece rope. a A	A boy wearing a green checked shirt is standing by a tree with a piece of rope.
camera, while girl man, one A and girl away. one woman face faces the	A man, woman and one girl face the camera, while one girl faces away.
people. person yellow other A apron wearing a toward looking	A person wearing a yellow apron looking toward other people.
dog dog mouth another nearby One by met is object with a in its an fence.	One dog with an object in its mouth is met by another dog nearby a fence.
through rides water. Man surfboard	Man rides surfboard through water.
dog is dog up field. grassy One another at a in jumping	One dog is jumping up at another dog in a grassy field.
A race. a running greyhound	A greyhound running a race.
yellow in while brown white something A a dog in pink shirt chews dog a watches. brown	A brown dog in a pink shirt chews something white while a brown dog in yellow watches.
officer smile an suit and A the in for man camera. a	A man in a suit and an officer smile for the camera.
to a jumps dog A the black toy. catch air in	A black dog jumps in the air to catch a toy.
track around two motorcyclist a racing	two motorcyclist racing around a track
dog poured tan a water from from being has drink A a spout.	A tan dog has a drink from water being poured from a spout.
grass runs of owners. another the and small brown dog through dog in A their front	A small brown dog runs through the grass in front of another dog and their owners.
hand. outside holding in standing horseshoe a Woman each	Woman standing outside holding a horseshoe in each hand.
water swimming A the collar. the bird to is blue in dog wearing splashing next the	A bird is splashing in the water next to the swimming dog wearing the blue collar.
playing a A small man with dog.	A man playing with a small dog.
colorful the relaxing boy is on blanket. laying back The little	The little boy is laying back relaxing on the colorful blanket.
and ball catch looks it. up in a dog A the prepares air black at to	A black dog looks up at a ball in the air and prepares to catch it.
wearing with " makeup A woman Light. neon sign a saying, " front Red store a in of heavy stands	A woman wearing heavy makeup stands in front of a store with a neon sign saying, " Red Light. "
in shopping Boy red a a with crown cart.	Boy with a red crown in a shopping cart.
woman on an leading exercise the seashore. is A group	A woman is leading an exercise group on the seashore.
shorts brown on beside men rocks are river. walking three in a	three men in brown shorts are walking on rocks beside a river.
Boys at amphitheater. an	Boys at an amphitheater.
going are to children school class Japanese	Japanese school children are going to class
girls each standing other. a in Some their with arms young group some around	Some young girls standing in a group some with their arms around each other.
seen behind her. down as A paddling a from girl river, large	A girl paddling down a large river, as seen from behind her.
park with and large catching the dog people behind of a crowd him. white A is a black Frisbee in	A large black and white dog is catching a Frisbee in the park with a crowd of people behind him.
dry a yard backstand covered Four leaves. doing with kids in	Four kids doing backstand in a yard covered with dry leaves.
down standing of people, group two with most setting boys on plates. up walkway Large a holding	Large group of people, most setting down on a walkway with two boys standing up holding plates.
ready has looks A girl a rollerblades it to young on and try. give	A young girl has on rollerblades and looks ready to give it a try.
and women drinking. The steps outside sit reading the on	The women sit outside on the steps reading and drinking.
at wall. A the a fake rock of child top	A child at the top of a fake rock wall.
are rocks over Two ocean. women near climbing the to	Two women are climbing over rocks near to the ocean.
coat on by person road A with covered the dirty and smoking brown a wearing and jeans reading is sidewalk snow. a	A person wearing jeans and a brown coat is reading and smoking on the sidewalk by a road covered with dirty snow.
a a on performs as crouches view. rail person get snowboarding a trick down a to better A man	A person performs a snowboarding trick on a rail as a man crouches down to get a better view.
catching a in surfboard. wetsuit a wave Man on a	Man in a wetsuit catching a wave on a surfboard.
A with toy. a mouth on his child plastic red	A child with his mouth on a red plastic toy.
with sitting food a man A while is child onlookers. building feeding a near	A man is feeding a child food while sitting near a building with onlookers.
running The through a is tunnel dog	The dog is running through a tunnel
grass. tall green boy A little standing very in	A little boy standing in very tall green grass.
is area riding a person in a wooded A night. at bike	A person is riding a bike in a wooded area at night.
catch with tennis is ball. jumping dog to Man who	Man with dog who is jumping to catch tennis ball.
having exchange. a verbal people of A are crowd in and woman man a	A man and woman in a crowd of people are having a verbal exchange.
A Frisbee the air. mix terrier a in catches	A terrier mix catches a Frisbee in the air.
blue sits beside on white man cap trashcan. an a A wearing orange bench a	A man wearing an orange cap sits on a white bench beside a blue trashcan.
a girl An top couch. tank in in and younger striped pose shirt older on a a man	An older man in a tank top and a younger girl in striped shirt pose on a couch.
chase Schoolchildren pigeons. some	Schoolchildren chase some pigeons.
rocky dogs playing beach. on Two a	Two dogs playing on a rocky beach.
in Two dance pink dresses girls and clap.	Two girls in pink dresses dance and clap.
in front playing a bridge. water wooden Kids of in the	Kids playing in the water in front of a wooden bridge.
The bicycle brick wall. up rides his man the	The man rides his bicycle up the brick wall.
A kiddie while in girl pool. sits and a laughs	A girl sits and laughs while in a kiddie pool.
a trick on skateboarder performs ramp. a A	A skateboarder performs a trick on a ramp.
couple smiling camcorder. A a with	A smiling couple with a camcorder.
children in snow. the Two play young	Two young children play in the snow.
performs a off man a A ramp tricks motorbike in stadium.	A man performs motorbike tricks off a ramp in a stadium.
in on lays water. A girl her as little smiles she the side	A little girl smiles as she lays on her side in the water.
in brown trees at outfit a painted in dusk. jumping from front child some of tires A	A child in a brown outfit jumping from some painted tires in front of trees at dusk.
little children camera. in Three the running yard towards grassy a	Three little children in a grassy yard running towards the camera.
girl another pirate A are dressed and red around. in as playing a dressed a dress girl	A girl dressed in a red dress and another girl dressed as a pirate are playing around.
turn. racer leaning is A by during motorcycle sparks producing a	A motorcycle racer is producing sparks by leaning during a turn.
lot rope in Girl jumping parking	Girl jumping rope in parking lot
at up put People net a beach. volleyball the	People put up a volleyball net at the beach.
white is painting hand. a on teenager's the sweater the tattoo The woman in	The woman in the white sweater is painting a tattoo on the teenager's hand.
Two a microphone. at table with a women sitting are	Two women are sitting at a table with a microphone.
the on air A is man bicycle. his in	A man is in the air on his bicycle.
city at across night. A looks street man a	A man looks across a city street at night.
stick. bites a dog a	a dog bites a stick.
over Skimply cowgirl climbs fence clad barbwire	Skimply clad cowgirl climbs over barbwire fence
toy the laying that The toward small the is dog tan runs grass. in	The tan dog runs toward the small toy that is laying in the grass.
another paddles of wave. wave surfer the while the One a at rides base surfer	One surfer rides a wave while another surfer paddles at the base of the wave.
to black mouth. a in and white jumping its catch something small	a small black and white jumping to catch something in its mouth.
on dog A an the tail animals chasing grass.	A dog chasing an animals tail on the grass.
A child head rides on bike. helmet a a his with	A child with a helmet on his head rides a bike.
Someone a large is crawling rock. under	Someone is crawling under a large rock.
focusing dog black on A and, something. runs	A black dog runs and, focusing on something.
a seat. front the back vehicle the from into Two climb children of	Two children climb into the back of a vehicle from the front seat.
kids are walking path on the in a woods. Two	Two kids are walking on a path in the woods.
thatched and in are black tent. a children sitting two A black woman	A black woman and two black children are sitting in a thatched tent.
two and a computers containing table behind microphones. stand men	two men stand behind a table containing computers and microphones.
white young and people carrying black asian flags several	several young asian people carrying black and white flags
pitch for getting Little leaguer ready	Little leaguer getting ready for pitch
strap A dog of on the gnaws camera. a	A dog gnaws on the strap of a camera.
dogs field. grassy in a Two	Two dogs in a grassy field.
playing on. Two softball, one sunglasses with women	Two women playing softball, one with sunglasses on.
clothes, two are of putting African are Three make-up. and in dressed women them on	Three women are dressed in African clothes, and two of them are putting on make-up.
sheep pen. is dog into The herding a	The dog is herding sheep into a pen.
at The talking outside woman night. man are and	The man and woman are talking outside at night.
down slide. going girl a A	A girl going down a slide.
small dog man with back Small with mouth with air leaping watching. spot white and in boy on in football	Small white dog with spot on back leaping in air with football in mouth with small boy and man watching.
to jumps catch dog sideways a Small soft disc.	Small dog jumps sideways to catch a soft disc.
a snowball A in child a at in blue. child throwing pink	A child in pink throwing a snowball at a child in blue.
near on sitting bag with bench and a a pillow a Woman turquoise a restaurant.	Woman sitting on a turquoise bench with a pillow and a bag near a restaurant.
A a mast. boy climbs sailboat	A boy climbs a sailboat mast.
red have object, three-way outdoors. Brown on two dogs and tug dog black	Brown dog and two black dogs have three-way tug on red object, outdoors.
the on soccer play Little boys field.	Little boys play soccer on the field.
ball to catch large in dog A a field. jumps a	A dog jumps to catch a ball in a large field.
and course. dog an woman a A work through agility	A woman and a dog work through an agility course.
a A holding woman video camera.	A woman holding a video camera.
Three dogs wide, area. grassy, run outdoor on	Three dogs run on wide, grassy, outdoor area.
cigar smoking in a A man reading city a paper a	A man smoking a cigar reading a paper in a city
on bicycle. a is doing a attempting jump flip whilst A man a back	A man is doing a back flip whilst attempting a jump on a bicycle.
by in the orange is player in basketball being guarded jersey. the player the The jersey blue	The basketball player in the orange jersey is being guarded by the player in the blue jersey.
trick a beige bicycle. man on in a does pants A	A man in beige pants does a trick on a bicycle.
river. woman rowing wide and A dog a down a	A woman and a dog rowing down a wide river.
man girl and little A dancing. a	A little girl and a man dancing.
at their each teeth other. dogs bearing are Two	Two dogs are bearing their teeth at each other.
large Three of standing a formation. rock in the at bottom jackets people	Three people in jackets standing at the bottom of a large rock formation.
green dogs on the together Three play grass.	Three dogs play together on the green grass.
with eating one cotton in other blue in hand dress candy blue and Child sandal holding hand.	Child in blue dress holding sandal in one hand and eating blue cotton candy with other hand.
street band. man A of front face of front a a bill in dollar his posing holds while in	A man holds a dollar bill in front of his face while posing in front of a street band.
shirt purple bubbles. getting at kid chasing striped excited little is floor a A on a in	A little kid in a striped shirt on a purple floor is getting excited at chasing bubbles.
The picture to a take girl holds sunglasses something. of her phone up in	The girl in sunglasses holds up her phone to take a picture of something.
a red by running Two grass dogs fence. green in	Two red dogs running in green grass by a fence.
man military concrete. female on hair a uniformed A purple with accented standing	A military uniformed man with a purple accented hair female standing on concrete.
are Two men in participating karate a match.	Two men are participating in a karate match.
his the boat ocean. A falls in windsurfer off	A windsurfer falls off his boat in the ocean.
a small fetching A dog stick. small	A small dog fetching a small stick.
over the hills. looks A photographer	A photographer looks over the hills.
and wears orange construction uniform an in a water man hardhat A white sprays hose. a	A man in an orange construction uniform wears a white hardhat and sprays a water hose.
a Two are men bull. horses on to trying lasso	Two men on horses are trying to lasso a bull.
hoodie grey brown fence day. by is a a a lady snowy on in Yong A	A Yong lady in a grey hoodie is by a brown fence on a snowy day.
waves. boards on riding are their large Surfers	Surfers are riding their boards on large waves.
ball Two in and white black yellow a at wet look dogs sand. the	Two black and white dogs look at a yellow ball in the wet sand.
red trampoline tree girl the by on jumps the haired under the small The shed.	The small red haired girl jumps on the trampoline under the tree by the shed.
snow. the dog runs black a across	a black dog runs across the snow.
play yard in a children behind a structure wearing them. sunglasses, with Two	Two children in a yard wearing sunglasses, with a play structure behind them.
basketball playing on wood Kids deck. a	Kids playing basketball on a wood deck.
is dark trying A window. to a girl little into look	A little girl is trying to look into a dark window.
dog on house. is the small The running grass a white near	The white dog is running on the grass near a small house.
a some rocks, to on sitting one wooden men Four the left. house women and	Four women and one men sitting on some rocks, a wooden house to the left.
dog hill. on grassy a A	A dog on a grassy hill.
beach. Two on the dogs	Two dogs on the beach.
his runs a with bike. man	a man runs with his bike.
one climbing cliff. collage a of person A	A collage of one person climbing a cliff.
butchers of large two beef. rolls uniform in A man standing to a next	A man in a butchers uniform standing next to two large rolls of beef.
colorful dog. brown A white a bird and and	A colorful bird and a brown and white dog.
in man regains the Girl in composure a sunset with background a	Girl regains composure in a sunset with a man in the background
abandoned Four building their bodies guys letter of a a make trying to in with front	Four guys in front of a abandoned building trying to make a letter with their bodies
dancing. in a is pink A girl dress young	A young girl in a pink dress is dancing.
climb A a is a staircase. crowd up watching dog	A crowd is watching a dog climb up a staircase.
swimming near young laughing a pool. is boy A	A laughing young boy is near a swimming pool.
watch. bull in hats A while man in others cowboy roping a is a rodeo	A man is roping a bull in a rodeo while others in cowboy hats watch.
girls woods. something the in look man at two and A	A man and two girls look at something in the woods.
A man a ball gets for to dog. ready a throw	A man gets ready to throw a ball for a dog.
at looking jackets in edge in a their at Three reflections lake water's children looking	Three children in jackets looking at water's edge looking at their reflections in a lake
fighting a an alley. car in dogs near pack A of	A pack of dogs fighting near a car in an alley.
A plays white a purple toy. and with in red girl	A girl in red and white plays with a purple toy.
inside Child snow fort. large of	Child inside of large snow fort.
eyes his closed with standing a in man crowd. One	One man with his eyes closed standing in a crowd.
a collar a is mulch. chasing A ball through brown dog blue in green	A brown dog in a blue collar is chasing a green ball through mulch.
Two dogs run in grass. pale	Two pale dogs run in grass.
on standing A his teenager of crowd texting a phone. people in	A teenager standing in a crowd of people texting on his phone.
little A on tennis girl court. playing outdoor an is	A little girl is playing tennis on an outdoor court.
caught woman fish with is holding line the the pole. the lake up bamboo The fishing with she that her in	The woman is holding up the line with the fish that she caught in the lake with her bamboo fishing pole.
dog the is A in running snow	A dog is running in the snow
over and them. are man a a woman over all with bridge crossing rope A greenery	A man and a woman are crossing over a rope bridge with greenery all over them.
laughing girl The older the girl outside younger holding is and	The older girl is laughing and holding the younger girl outside
a curvy several scooters. down traveling road on dressed people are alike	several people dressed alike are traveling down a curvy road on scooters.
treefilled rock a area. A and in jumping person	A person jumping in a rock and treefilled area.
in some leaves. A peaking through dress girl flowered a	A girl in a flowered dress peaking through some leaves.
bright woods in the in child a wagon. a blue red with sweatshirt playing A	A child in a bright blue sweatshirt playing in the woods with a red wagon.
an around and sits arms have orange each next woman them. other in older woman their while man A to	A man and woman have their arms around each other while an older woman in orange sits next to them.
with bandanna colourful black a boy sleeping in head woman a her on backpack. A carrying a	A black woman with a colourful bandanna on her head carrying a sleeping boy in a backpack.
A in fluffy dog grass.	A fluffy dog in grass.
outstretched jumps a into young A arms. pool boy with	A young boy jumps into a pool with outstretched arms.
it and an scarily. black camera american on with woman at a flag the looks hat wears A	A woman wears a black hat with an american flag on it and looks at the camera scarily.
member kicks jersey A a while ball watches. soccer team another a ten number in man	A man in a number ten jersey kicks a soccer ball while another team member watches.
the air the country. in high jumping A into dog	A dog jumping high into the air in the country.
a down on A a playground. child pole slides	A child slides down a pole on a playground.
snow. in A high jumps dog the	A dog jumps high in the snow.
hiding wooden brown dog bench. at Black growling cat under and brown	Black and brown dog growling at brown cat hiding under wooden bench.
in laying girl a on red swimsuit shallow her back little is in water. A	A little girl in a red swimsuit is laying on her back in shallow water.
wait people the three Japanese train. for	three Japanese people wait for the train.
Three large people rock. on climb a	Three people climb on a large rock.
something a woman grass a shirt. A a in showing white white man shirt the in to in standing is	A man in a white shirt is standing in the grass showing something to a woman in a white shirt.
blue a man The and beret smock the holds in up brass rubbing.	The man in the blue smock and beret holds up a brass rubbing.
lake. a feet white with running dog into Black	Black dog with white feet running into a lake.
A snowboard. air flies through on boy a helmeted the	A helmeted boy flies through the air on a snowboard.
balloons. a flowers near headscarf A with a decorated in children sits woman box and in	A woman in a headscarf sits near children in a box decorated with flowers and balloons.
in men wrestling competing a Two young tournament.	Two young men competing in a wrestling tournament.
with baskets are blocks. numbered Three children standing on	Three children are standing with baskets on numbered blocks.
holding A wearing a and gloves a white man shirt is box. checkered	A man wearing a white shirt and gloves is holding a checkered box.
night an event. watching A gathered group of people at	A group of people gathered at night watching an event.
the a men with train legs posing with their background up two in	two men posing with their legs up with a train in the background
is A stream a fall muddy dog along surrounded black foliage. running by	A black dog is running along a muddy stream surrounded by fall foliage.
watches. jumps A small in air a dog as brown brown the big	A small brown jumps in the air as a big brown dog watches.
floating water. above A bird long necked the white is	A long necked white bird is floating above the water.
green costumes outside and in are dressed on sidewalk. red the people Two	Two people dressed in green and red costumes are outside on the sidewalk.
a Two match. individuals watch tennis	Two individuals watch a tennis match.
people smiling in group a a together. and group huddle dancing of	a group of people smiling and dancing in a huddle group together.
animal coat a in standing woman to a next smoking woman. A print	A woman in a animal print coat standing next to a smoking woman.
A holds his on head a coat a boy with goat	A boy with a coat on his head holds a goat
A white red poles. moving and dog white through checkered	A white dog moving through red and white checkered poles.
snow. running A black in the dog,	A black dog, running in the snow.
another lady while walks A her. behind behind wheelchair walks a lady	A lady walks behind a wheelchair while another lady walks behind her.
girls laughing histerically. on are Three another of top and one fell	Three girls fell on top of one another and are laughing histerically.
is cooking. wearing black A a man apron	A man wearing a black apron is cooking.
A path. along bike ridden motocross is a being woodland	A motocross bike is being ridden along a woodland path.
pool Two playing in dogs a	Two dogs playing in a pool
dog white in stand and and brown beside the hole dog black a A a dirt.	A brown dog and a black and white dog stand beside a hole in the dirt.
river are People rafting.	People are river rafting.
a cheerleader the of knee female on sits A cheerleader. male	A female cheerleader sits on the knee of a male cheerleader.
red with boy trampoline. the on little hair jumps The	The little boy with red hair jumps on the trampoline.
the wooden of big concrete couple a doors. outside a brown on set sitting	a couple sitting on the concrete outside a set of big brown wooden doors.
with A a is poodle. playing yellow wearing black his man shirt	A man wearing a yellow shirt is playing with his black poodle.
in yellow running covered white flowers. a and brown A dog field in	A brown and white dog running in a field covered in yellow flowers.
stand hill. next grassy wood on to people a a cross Two	Two people stand next to a wood cross on a grassy hill.
chewing A is on someone's dog finger.	A dog is chewing on someone's finger.
watch. the while The falls biker boys	The biker falls while the boys watch.
and led hillside a trail hikers ferns. climbs of group dog covered black by in A white a	A group of hikers led by a black and white dog climbs a hillside trail covered in ferns.
water. the above bird grazes A white	A white bird grazes above the water.
standing site. in construction man A homeless a	A homeless man standing in a construction site.
White stick water dog from retrieving	White dog retrieving stick from water
girl climbing little apparatus. A ropes a	A little girl climbing a ropes apparatus.
A his rope after black dog running toy.	A black dog running after his rope toy.
baseball mound. is pitching on a dirt The a man	The man is pitching a baseball on a dirt mound.
a lone in road running a dog dirty	a lone dog running in a dirty road
swims the dog The water through toward the waterfall.	The dog swims through the water toward the waterfall.
The tackled after catch. making is receiver the	The receiver is tackled after making the catch.
the boy inside. the holding wheelbarrow sits while is The girl	The girl is holding the wheelbarrow while the boy sits inside.
the A on boy the air beach. in jumping	A boy jumping in the air on the beach.
in red mountain. a down skiing Skier snowy	Skier in red skiing down a snowy mountain.
a black white A and a to wrestling food dog next dog dish.	A black dog and a white dog wrestling next to a food dish.
boy dog his snow. young in the A plays with	A young boy plays with his dog in the snow.
flies hair A skateboarder's through air. the	A skateboarder's hair flies through the air.
The eyes down falling the white is boy the suit his red boy has with the shirt soccer while ball. in the on	The boy with the red soccer suit is falling down while the boy in the white shirt has his eyes on the ball.
up rock looking Man the rock climbing	Man rock climbing looking up the rock
Four in clothes are a Gothic neighborhood. teenagers walking in	Four teenagers in Gothic clothes are walking in a neighborhood.
girl bandaged pilots with young a head. along carrying a walk Two	Two pilots walk along carrying a young girl with a bandaged head.
overlooking relaxing a hill a valley. on grassy people rocky Four	Four people relaxing on a grassy hill overlooking a rocky valley.
sitting brown a in for listening throws woman frisbree her is who A music a to field dog.	A woman who is sitting in a field listening to music throws a frisbree for her brown dog.
dog A a guides shirt woman an her in obstacle. over blue	A woman in a blue shirt guides her dog over an obstacle.
Lean a through a trots in dog park front link fence. chain sunny of	Lean dog trots through a sunny park in front of a chain link fence.
water. running dog brown There a chocolate is in	There is a chocolate brown dog running in water.
juggling fire. A man	A man juggling fire.
down log riding theme flume a in are a park. Two people	Two people are riding down a log flume in a theme park.
One mostly a and dog. black tan with dog stick one	One tan dog with a stick and one mostly black dog.
woman's while shoulder on leaning bench. A a a girl against sitting	A girl leaning against a woman's shoulder while sitting on a bench.
Jesus a crucifixion of People Christ. the around depicting standing monument	People standing around a monument depicting the crucifixion of Jesus Christ.
with down holding in outside upside Man a stone-filled yard. boy glasses	Man with glasses holding boy upside down outside in a stone-filled yard.
basketball outside. players teams two court playing a of on	two teams of players playing basketball on a court outside.
dark make-up and costumes a wearing picture. pose people Three for	Three people wearing dark costumes and make-up pose for a picture.
little toilet. blue using a A boy	A little boy using a blue toilet.
its dog brown turned with standing A river behind. head looking a is in	A brown dog is standing in a river with its head turned looking behind.
playing laughing friends couch. red group wii on of are A the a and	A group of friends are laughing and playing the wii on a red couch.
dog the is with field. big The ears in little	The little dog with big ears is in the field.
building standing a People yell. outside	People standing outside a building yell.
waving. street a down with motorcycles flag American an ride on People	People on motorcycles ride down a street with an American flag waving.
is who wall jumps another stuntman a back from One over a flip stuntman doing	One stuntman jumps over another stuntman who is doing a back flip from a wall
runs. soccer player a blue, in	a soccer player in blue, runs.
riding a sideways motorcycle. on Someone	Someone riding sideways on a motorcycle.
of waves a greenhouse camera products a from inside store. man section A to the farm	A man waves to the camera from inside a greenhouse section of a farm products store.
wearing Two backpacks. blue in shirts boys	Two boys in blue shirts wearing backpacks.
a out denim wearing shirt boy his tongue. Young sticks	Young boy wearing a denim shirt sticks out his tongue.
bicyclist jumping graffitied concrete helmet lone a wearing a ramp. a	a lone bicyclist wearing a helmet jumping a graffitied concrete ramp.
the a woman with shirt weeds. white hair is running and long and sand A up tall black	A woman with long black hair and a white shirt is running up the sand and tall weeds.
on resting riders The are taking break a the mountain and trail. and horses	The riders and horses are taking a break and resting on the mountain trail.
A rock shirtless climbs. man	A shirtless man rock climbs.
wearing pink jumps off girl park a a shoes a in swing	a girl wearing pink shoes jumps off a swing in a park
wears woman glasses. her a	a woman wears her glasses.
a some near a down railing man sliiding stairs young	a young man sliiding down a railing near some stairs
street. near woman with the fan a A	A woman with a fan near the street.
restaurant Various people are red in tables at lights. with eating purple a crowded	Various people are eating at red tables in a crowded restaurant with purple lights.
his toy. other A kids shows packaged child still	A child shows other kids his still packaged toy.
swarming flock large at man. A is a of pigeons	A large flock of pigeons is swarming at a man.
the calm their sitting surfers ocean. surfboards Many on in are	Many surfers are sitting on their surfboards in the calm ocean.
long people out two window the with a hanging white limo	a long white limo with two people hanging out the window
papers, Two holding of while one are writes men something. them	Two men are holding papers, while one of them writes something.
baseball comes a to A person a to catch runner the base. close forward while leans	A person leans forward to catch a baseball while a runner comes close to the base.
Two boys rollerblading.	Two boys rollerblading.
toddlers on Two a white wrestle couch.	Two toddlers wrestle on a white couch.
person backstroke the doing in A outdoor pool. an	A person doing the backstroke in an outdoor pool.
backwards diving a his off and into is a jumping A board boy lake. nose holding	A boy is holding his nose and jumping off a diving board backwards into a lake.
for waiting people subway the	people waiting for the subway
yellow boy and in standing at of shore the a brown, people, Two girl a in lake.	Two people, a boy in yellow and girl in brown, standing at the shore of a lake.
turned a towards dog woman both the camera with the and a butts	a woman and a dog both with the butts turned towards the camera
is another dog a toy. chasing carrying dog A	A dog is chasing another dog carrying a toy.
Guy Kisses girl	Guy Kisses girl
by snowdrift. a sits dog The	The dog sits by a snowdrift.
behind shorts. dog A girl young jumps dark a brown in	A dark brown dog jumps behind a young girl in shorts.
graffitied background a ramp in people with couple the a skateboarding large	a large graffitied skateboarding ramp with a couple people in the background
on the a backpack down and sits rock looks woman with large A mountains. over her	A woman with her backpack sits on a large rock and looks down over the mountains.
wooded log A another log. carrying area is dog a a while jumping over in	A dog is jumping over a log in a wooded area while carrying another log.
a vest a wooden yellow man neon carrying crate in a	a man in a neon yellow vest carrying a wooden crate
people on are Four walking sidewalk. a	Four people are walking on a sidewalk.
in an ski A a blue yellow coat man jumps.	A man in a blue an yellow coat ski jumps.
a running young two boys field grassy on	two young boys running on a grassy field
group checkered A stands on tiles. tan	A group stands on tan checkered tiles.
girl pool. child's a in swimming A	A girl in a child's swimming pool.
with microphone. man A a	A man with a microphone.
gear driver the motorcycle in A orange right. swerves to dressed	A motorcycle driver dressed in orange gear swerves to the right.
in standing multi-colored A of front statue. boy a	A boy standing in front of a multi-colored statue.
standing mud. People in	People standing in mud.
into jumps A arms of cap young baseball a the man wearing shirt. boy blue a a in	A young boy in a baseball cap jumps into the arms of a man wearing a blue shirt.
man a snoring	a man snoring
a outside building. Boys	Boys outside a building.
black with young her a on ledge finger purse looking sitting woman nails. a A at	A young woman sitting on a ledge with a black purse looking at her finger nails.
baseball Catcher hitter. behind crouches	Catcher crouches behind baseball hitter.
face in their covering A hands. black their person with	A person in black covering their face with their hands.
two dogs play together.	two dogs play together.
the little ground. playing ball on boy goes the A baseball for	A little boy playing baseball goes for the ball on the ground.
a is A rollerblader performing on a trick ramp.	A rollerblader is performing a trick on a ramp.
basketball a Four players, crowd. front in of	Four basketball players, in front of a crowd.
on looking at sky. hill a and mountains sitting the Three men	Three men sitting on a hill looking at the mountains and sky.
in dogs pool. a Two swimming	Two dogs swimming in a pool.
a An road vehicle off driving mud puddle. through	An off road vehicle driving through a mud puddle.
on to a sidewalk field. Pedestrians next walk grassy, wooded a	Pedestrians walk on a sidewalk next to a grassy, wooded field.
shell people surrounding woman topless a many a with holding her smiling	a smiling topless woman holding a shell with many people surrounding her
attempts arts match, man to martial in kick a other a face. the During the	During a martial arts match, a man attempts to kick the other in the face.
while kid roller A is on coaster. yelling a	A kid is yelling while on a roller coaster.
a with red at with Woman headwrap. market with a headwrap a woman brown	Woman with red headwrap at a market with a woman with a brown headwrap.
down. young Two hats are crouching wearing pirate boys	Two young boys wearing pirate hats are crouching down.
all in a balancing and are children helmets. on wearing and are There they float two the one water	There are two children in the water and one balancing on a float and they are all wearing helmets.
people street. Two across a walking	Two people walking across a street.
in defend. others blue ball while player three basketball and in A orange white the has	A basketball player in orange has the ball while three others in blue and white defend.
statues stands like A faces. between person that two look giant	A person stands between two giant statues that look like faces.
edge of cliff. A on rock a sitting is the person	A person is sitting on the edge of a rock cliff.
the player runs One the on with air ball. is ground other soccer whilst arms towards the laying the in his	One soccer player is laying on the ground with his arms in the air whilst the other runs towards the ball.
a bush. purple the a another and girl toddler holds between girl in a front on of a grass in herself top	a girl in a purple top holds a toddler between herself and another girl on the grass in front of a bush.
snowmobile. a on A person	A person on a snowmobile.
grass. splashing a puddle the through A in dog	A dog splashing through a puddle in the grass.
in dog The runs brown the small snow.	The small brown dog runs in the snow.
to ball. small a catch A dog runs	A small dog runs to catch a ball.
black cap dancing in boy break A a	A boy in a black cap break dancing
hold with The slipper of a dog grabs little the mouth. its bedroom	The little dog grabs a hold of the bedroom slipper with its mouth.
wave. ocean kid a in A an rides	A kid in an ocean rides a wave.
men hike a with two dogs. take two	two men take a hike with two dogs.
a grinds bench. a skateboarder	a skateboarder grinds a bench.
someone's a gun closeup a hands of black shooting	a closeup of someone's hands shooting a black gun
dog though a stick. holding swimming A water	A dog swimming though water holding a stick.
ball an orange in mouth swimming. dog its A with	A dog with an orange ball in its mouth swimming.
a black next in a tree A rural man sitting to area.	A black man sitting next to a tree in a rural area.
helps. a fish young catches a while girl from young a stream A boy	A young boy catches a fish from a stream while a young girl helps.
A skateboard boy tricks. t-shirt in does a white	A boy in a white t-shirt does skateboard tricks.
A in flower dress. girl pink a	A girl in a pink flower dress.
A looks a at cow a in dog mountain setting. nervous white	A white dog looks at a nervous cow in a mountain setting.
boy snow. of carrying A chunk a	A boy carrying a chunk of snow.
cliff. yellow is a on A in boy of standing top shorts	A boy in yellow shorts is standing on top of a cliff.
right hand. party, with a large man drink at a in A his	A large man at a party, with a drink in his right hand.
water dog white from A a into hose. from grass the jumps	A white dog jumps from the grass into water from a hose.
a on stairs skateboard. up the she flips A hair rides while down girl's	A girl's hair flips up while she rides down the stairs on a skateboard.
of two on a other red shirt people front bikes. with red in bike Man on	Man with red shirt on a red bike in front of two other people on bikes.
A bikers along. group of pedal	A group of bikers pedal along.
child sidewalk. down A small walks a	A small child walks down a sidewalk.
around Two the dogs in together run field.	Two dogs run around together in the field.
bicyclist boy in on the Helmeted path woods.	Helmeted boy bicyclist on path in the woods.
Two lawn. children plastic in on green boat	Two children in green plastic boat on lawn.
parachutes a man desert. into the	a man parachutes into the desert.
down A street. the he while man talks on walks his cellphone	A man talks on his cellphone while he walks down the street.
is in arcade an fishing asian An game. man	An asian man is fishing in an arcade game.
with The surfboard. the on his man turns wave	The man turns with the wave on his surfboard.
track. Some are on dirt a greyhound racing dogs	Some greyhound dogs are racing on a dirt track.
a bathtub in A young spitting child water	A young child in a bathtub spitting water
a A white a mouth black dog dog catches ball while tennis in watches. his	A black dog catches a tennis ball in his mouth while a white dog watches.
Dale Jr., A Earnhardt, a on display. front of standing man a talks cellphone, while in	A man talks on a cellphone, while standing in front of a Dale Earnhardt, Jr., display.
of mountains are the ocean in Snowy background three kayakers.	Snowy mountains are in the background of three ocean kayakers.
up of standing Shepherd water snapping German droplets at	German Shepherd standing up snapping at droplets of water
boy soccer young to a of An shot kick about action ball. a	An action shot of a young boy about to kick a soccer ball.
landing. for gets a with red bird eyes ready White	White bird with red eyes gets ready for a landing.
into black A a a the wetsuit surfboard surfer waves. carrying in	A surfer in a black wetsuit carrying a surfboard into the waves.
A launches while into cyclist a midair watch. stunt himself over cyclists ramp other	A stunt cyclist launches himself into midair over a ramp while other cyclists watch.
holds Two cap. girls stand tree, a by bottle one a	Two girls stand by a tree, one holds a bottle cap.
older gentlemen a walking group outside. Seven together in	Seven older gentlemen walking together in a group outside.
the through hit Lone to team ball team two player players, black red breaks	Lone red team player breaks through two black team players, to hit the ball
and to hoop. into the get The ball air trying the person in is a	The person is in the air and trying to get a ball into the hoop.
dusk, stand street corner pharmacy with the background. on a a at People in	People stand on a street corner at dusk, with a pharmacy in the background.
bubbles. A and a man blow woman glasses in	A man and a woman in glasses blow bubbles.
through an runs obstacle outside A boys course as watch. girl some	A girl runs through an obstacle course outside as some boys watch.
fence. that is obedience woman white is a jumping and a over running red beside a dog training	a woman is running beside a dog that is jumping over a red and white obedience training fence.
crowded A city street.	A crowded city street.
set Woman stands on swing girl young behind	Woman stands behind young girl on swing set
an others and A intersection walking are man crossing	A man crossing an intersection and others are walking
sprinkler through running little yellow yard. a in A girl grassy	A little girl running through yellow sprinkler in a grassy yard.
women down bottled drinking beverage. a are Two sitting	Two women are sitting down drinking a bottled beverage.
multistory red a building. horse in of on front a officer brick, police stands A	A police officer on a horse stands in front of a red brick, multistory building.
child riding is small with A a on hair toy. curly	A small child with curly hair is on a riding toy.
Some an raft wrestling inflatable kids are on	Some kids are wrestling on an inflatable raft
dog The dog be ready fight. to and getting the seem white black to	The black dog and the white dog seem to be getting ready to fight.
wire orange balancing on in Person bicycle shirt	Person in orange shirt balancing bicycle on wire
a holds costume. A another blow-up is girl girl a tiger in while	A girl holds a blow-up tiger while another girl is in a costume.
are dressed Two children pirates. as	Two children are dressed as pirates.
green white, A flag. red, black and	A red, white, black and green flag.
hill. a sled Riding a down	Riding a sled down a hill.
a dog A jumping ball. after white flying yellow	A white dog jumping after a flying yellow ball.
dog wearing a six and a number jacket muzzle yellow A the greyhound is track. on running on a	A greyhound wearing a muzzle and the number six on a yellow jacket is running on a dog track.
person snow on pants above snowboard a green covered ground. in the A	A person in green pants on a snowboard above the snow covered ground.
takes fencing a basketball class on place A court.	A fencing class takes place on a basketball court.
man his front A of rock formation. large in arms extends a	A man extends his arms in front of a large rock formation.
snowy a catching dog A a field. ball in	A dog catching a ball in a snowy field.
runs dog The across white the and grass. brown	The white and brown dog runs across the grass.
in black catch air Frisbee. a to white dog jumping a white the and	a black and white dog jumping in the air to catch a white Frisbee.
up snowy people mountain a equipment climbing with	people with equipment climbing up a snowy mountain
shirtless on balancing man to standing two A a is next swing. children	A shirtless man is standing next to two children balancing on a swing.
dog towards photographer. running is A the	A dog is running towards the photographer.
the streets. a of people and holding through signs group marching	a group of people holding signs and marching through the streets.
near mound celebrating The baseball as the players the batsman away. walks pitching are	The baseball players near the pitching mound are celebrating as the batsman walks away.
over something. Two fighting are dogs	Two dogs are fighting over something.
playing A girl young braids ball. smiling in is	A smiling young girl in braids is playing ball.
blue in is girl climbing railings metal on the a outfit street. A little in	A little girl in a blue outfit is climbing on metal railings in the street.
copper is a boulder. scaling man The large	The man is scaling a large copper boulder.
the the dress beachfront in man a The with on walking and path. are shorts woman	The man in shorts and the woman with a dress are walking on the beachfront path.
young a wall. men drink graffitied on beer, Two leaning	Two young men drink beer, leaning on a graffitied wall.
A attached covered trail snow mountaineer is rope. a a whilst to ascending	A mountaineer is ascending a snow covered trail whilst attached to a rope.
boy is sitting black in A the sand.	A black boy is sitting in the sand.
are in Asian Smartly a dressed by the doorway passing women street.	Smartly dressed Asian women are passing by a doorway in the street.
red A wearing a black sweatshirt pants person a riding a green on box. on and snowboard is	A person wearing a black sweatshirt and red pants is riding on a snowboard on a green box.
man sitting old wood outside. A piece an of on	A man sitting on an old piece of wood outside.
boy skull on and A young pirate dressed crossbones a a sign with is it. a holding like	A young boy dressed like a pirate is holding a sign with a skull and crossbones on it.
are laughing children a tree, in with their their and hands Several chins. on	Several children are in a tree, laughing and with their hands on their chins.
dirty has boy The blonde a face. and hair	The boy has blonde hair and a dirty face.
for pose in picture. men uniforms blue black and a Five	Five men in blue and black uniforms pose for a picture.
colorful boy ribbon. is a playing The with	The boy is playing with a colorful ribbon.
dog small on road. beside grass the A running the is	A small dog is running on the grass beside the road.
tries jeep rocky a driving A hill. over	A jeep tries driving over a rocky hill.
plane ground. inside person sits on a A the small	A person sits inside a small plane on the ground.
skateboarder A dusk. at	A skateboarder at dusk.
a woman a next and folding on truck. a to sitting man outside chairs, There is	There is a man and a woman sitting on folding chairs, outside next to a truck.
brown dog sits hillside. on a still A	A brown dog sits still on a hillside.
young of the reaches slide. bottom a A girl	A young girl reaches the bottom of a slide.
a small child wooden touches A fence.	A small child touches a wooden fence.
ball is football player kicking fans A the the opposing while watch.	A football player is kicking the ball while the opposing fans watch.
black is field. geese chasing dog large, A a two in	A large, black dog is chasing two geese in a field.
and scull her woman behind looks at A a rowing sits a in dock.	A woman sits in a rowing scull and looks behind her at a dock.
street. man with black in A a walks down a scarf	A man in black with a scarf walks down a street.
a a wheelie motorcycle. Person on trick doing	Person doing a trick wheelie on a motorcycle.
knees boy his A up in water. to	A boy up to his knees in water.
A gleefully plays shirt child water fountains. some striped in a among	A child in a striped shirt gleefully plays among some water fountains.
white dog over A is a bridge. running	A white dog is running over a bridge.
leather bracelet. spike boy his at A looks	A boy looks at his leather spike bracelet.
an a kid innertube for without shade. A uses shirt	A kid without a shirt uses an innertube for shade.
A in wearing dog vest black yellow competition. running a a	A black dog wearing a yellow vest running in a competition.
runs on shorts and grass. t-shirt boy little in the blue A	A little boy in shorts and blue t-shirt runs on the grass.
field the in the training is near man A dog homes. his	A man is training his dog in the field near the homes.
air with sandy dog up plants the and the in the in background. sand into A a area stirred several	A dog in a sandy area with the sand stirred up into the air and several plants in the background.
water. a of small sit tub little kids The in outdoors	The little kids sit outdoors in a small tub of water.
guitar in light blue red and woman A playing	A woman playing guitar in red and blue light
taking skateboarder jump. a The is	The skateboarder is taking a jump.
a fenced play watches. of as an yard children group together adult in A	A group of children play together in a fenced yard as an adult watches.
a on stage. concert performer A	A performer on a concert stage.
the shore. a dog runs on	a dog runs on the shore.
walking in a cheerleaders large parade a of group	a large group of cheerleaders walking in a parade
slide at a of man holding top girl A	A man holding girl at top of a slide
sinks as boat. kayaks person kayer another One their	One person kayaks as another kayer sinks their boat.
old a boy dark-skinned with a cars. A on cart pushes street young	A young dark-skinned boy pushes a cart on a street with old cars.
horse. a A child rides wooden	A child rides a wooden horse.
fish. eating A blurry woman	A blurry woman eating fish.
a sidewalk. on A girl laying	A girl laying on a sidewalk.
that reads walks grafitti ? ARE " a YOU man A WHERE reads and bridge " under	A man walks under a bridge and reads grafitti that reads " WHERE ARE YOU " ?
person ocean with in in background. the the jumps snowboard red his A	A person in red jumps his snowboard with the ocean in the background.
jump performing The an brown course. dog a obstacle is in	The brown dog is performing a jump in an obstacle course.
and soccer. red in kids white A of group playing	A group of kids in red and white playing soccer.
surfs. a surfer	a surfer surfs.
with crowded packed from behind. people, Outdoor jeeps with seen area	Outdoor area crowded with jeeps packed with people, seen from behind.
dog brown a yellow and stick. blue a jumping over	a brown dog jumping over a blue and yellow stick.
football. teams compete Two in	Two teams compete in football.
A people a in gathered urban area group of mural around an	A group of people gathered around a mural in an urban area
large camera. in a clothing is A crowd for posing heavy	A large crowd in heavy clothing is posing for a camera.
A launches white snowboarder into over the snow air	A snowboarder launches into the air over white snow
wearing is girl sliding blue a a A tube down dress slide.	A girl wearing a blue dress is sliding down a tube slide.
beach playing woman Two volleyball.	Two woman playing beach volleyball.
and a fire girl a at a A in black sweatshirt blonde staring are blonde barrel. a in horse	A blonde horse and a blonde girl in a black sweatshirt are staring at a fire in a barrel.
on bike does surrounded by A on tricks ramp a person trees. a	A person does tricks on a bike on a ramp surrounded by trees.
a in motorcycle. person red wearing a A a uniform, and motocross rides helmet,	A person in a motocross uniform, and wearing a helmet, rides a red motorcycle.
on hang the lights christmas ceiling. tree	christmas tree lights hang on the ceiling.
People garb in on racing full ATV's protective	People racing on ATV's in full protective garb
a A man and boy a preparing up climbing to go wall.	A man and a boy preparing to go up a climbing wall.
bag. red gift and has A green its dog inside head a	A dog has its head inside a red and green gift bag.
through embankment. person wading river is A eroded a near an	A person is wading through a river near an eroded embankment.
points down man A his and street the finger bicycles	A man bicycles down the street and points his finger
of tower. top at a is ridge on man small stone A a looking	A man is on top of a ridge looking at a small stone tower.
Four with crystal surfboards. yellow swimmers blue ocean in the	Four swimmers in the crystal blue ocean with yellow surfboards.
girl A cheeks. with is eyes touching a boy's her closed	A girl with her eyes closed is touching a boy's cheeks.
woman city. of at looking a view A	A woman looking at view of a city.
little At candy. Halloween, to waits get spiderman some this	At Halloween, this little spiderman waits to get some candy.
panhandler. a to man donates a	a man donates to a panhandler.
in in a girls, standing spotlight, multi-colored The are outfits. dressed	The girls, standing in a spotlight, are dressed in multi-colored outfits.
man A her right stands to left. behind to smiling his smiling leaning woman leaning a	A smiling man leaning to his right stands behind a smiling woman leaning to her left.
watch. A orange jumps hay in children other child of while bales an shirt off	A child in an orange shirt jumps off bales of hay while other children watch.
Brown on dog grass. tussle black and	Brown and black dog tussle on grass.
plants. black A and with filled dog hallway potted white a in	A white and black dog in a hallway filled with potted plants.
of little A jumping out pool. is boy the	A little boy is jumping out of the pool.
inline front wooden is in skating of bench. A a man	A man is inline skating in front of a wooden bench.
dark skinned talking a a man woman by A on walks cellphone.	A dark skinned man walks by a woman talking on a cellphone.
orange is on a that on ball wood at staring dog A yellow carpet. is floor lying	A dog on wood floor is staring at a yellow ball that is lying on orange carpet.
rowing are on Two guys a canoe a lake.	Two guys are rowing a canoe on a lake.
pose man picture. The and for lady a	The man and lady pose for a picture.
the versus park, are skins. a playing shirts in Nine men game	Nine men are playing a game in the park, shirts versus skins.
A a coffin. carry group men silver of	A group of men carry a silver coffin.
camera young while swinging a A at boy barefoot glances park. the in	A barefoot young boy glances at the camera while swinging in a park.
jumps into A backyard a pool. dog	A dog jumps into a backyard pool.
down the in-line skater slides wall. The	The in-line skater slides down the wall.
jumping catch to white ball. a A dog red	A white dog jumping to catch a red ball.
A is buy grinding a a on snowboard. rail	A buy is grinding a rail on a snowboard.
is cooking sitting on food. man A a some bench,	A man is sitting on a bench, cooking some food.
a waterfall. people by are Two soaked getting	Two people are getting soaked by a waterfall.
animal a stuffed store. in Lady	Lady in a stuffed animal store.
walk the men through two water.	two men walk through the water.
black snow. A in the white jumps dog and	A black and white dog jumps in the snow.
sad A of a group and making one out, is girls face. guys hang	A group of girls and guys hang out, one is making a sad face.
girls house. little hardwood a the floor dance on Two in	Two little girls dance on a hardwood floor in the house.
are two dogs howling husky together	two husky dogs are howling together
the close Two bar to a ground. from metal children hang	Two children hang from a metal bar close to the ground.
the Louis Woman front store, shops the of window on street Vuitton. in	Woman on the street window shops in front of the store, Louis Vuitton.
just A props on descending. pole up skateboarder a before	A skateboarder props up on a pole just before descending.
bar. a A sidewalk fancy walks man to abandoned next on an	A man walks on a fancy sidewalk next to an abandoned bar.
black girl a A swimsuit in sprinkler. plays the with	A girl with a black swimsuit plays in the sprinkler.
front building in are big kids a, of fancy playing ball	kids are playing ball in front of a, big fancy building
dog A in grass. frolics large the	A large dog frolics in the grass.
holding young each girls the other on two grassy ground	two young girls holding each other on the grassy ground
wearing black on and look Two sit bench down. a people	Two people wearing black sit on a bench and look down.
dark hair, a in Young long, with tree. girl	Young girl with long, dark hair, in a tree.
is garden. playing sitting in child adornment small with a A an small	A small child is sitting playing with an adornment in a small garden.
car puddles wheel is four through road drive A an trail. splashing on off	A four wheel drive car is splashing through puddles on an off road trail.
backwards. hat a on face a laying sitting wearing down, A swing, boy	A boy laying on a sitting swing, face down, wearing a hat backwards.
leaf blower. his with cleaning yard a man is A	A man is cleaning his yard with a leaf blower.
brothers for posing sister smiling. and one picture, Four a	Four brothers and one sister posing for a picture, smiling.
men young Five the on steps. pose	Five young men pose on the steps.
tend garden People with a tools. greenhouse	People tend a greenhouse with garden tools.
in in snow, the dogs a city playing Three background. with the	Three dogs playing in the snow, with a city in the background.
driving raincoat by. cardboard sign by lady holding a yellow in to a An building, elderly is a a white car up sitting	An elderly lady in a yellow raincoat is sitting by a white building, holding up a cardboard sign to a car driving by.
tire hanging dock. a Two boys off	Two boys hanging off a tire dock.
snowy a mountain. outdoors People at lodge dine on a	People dine outdoors at a lodge on a snowy mountain.
stands boy pool in outside. A a	A boy stands in a pool outside.
fishing blue lined on river trees. A a a in palm pointy with man boat	A man fishing in a pointy blue boat on a river lined with palm trees.
climbs. boy A rock	A boy rock climbs.
underwater. are diving divers Two scuba	Two scuba divers are diving underwater.
in man mountain background. a skiing with is the hill a A large down snowy	A man is skiing down a snowy hill with a large mountain in the background.
with poofy man gray hair A laughing	A man with poofy gray hair laughing
in A dogs few a lake. swimming	A few dogs swimming in a lake.
with black animal fur in splashing relatively An about deep water.	An animal with black fur splashing about in relatively deep water.
the jumped A up into has air. man a from surfboard	A man has jumped from a surfboard up into the air.
in over air snow. on person is up A skies the	A person on skies is up in the air over snow.
jet are children water. by indian squirted of a Two being	Two indian children are being squirted by a jet of water.
in an hair her girl the little air up A on air-filled toy. with flying	A little girl with her hair flying up in the air on an air-filled toy.
Girl a running past bench.	Girl running past a bench.
Two boys of teams soccer. playing	Two teams of boys playing soccer.
a is A a wearing shirt trick. black skateboarder doing	A skateboarder wearing a black shirt is doing a trick.
near stunt a performing cliffs the on water. the rider bike A	A bike rider performing a stunt on the cliffs near the water.
is Best crowd The an for at gathering event Buy.	The crowd is gathering for an event at Best Buy.
eats on a brown her. dog white A woman to next a bench leashed stands and while	A woman eats on a bench while a brown and white leashed dog stands next to her.
jacket black Old cap and man in bench sitting on tan	Old man in tan jacket and black cap sitting on bench
are wire a dogs Two looking rusty fence. through	Two dogs are looking through a rusty wire fence.
dogs run the grass. in Four	Four dogs run in the grass.
A a bright a wearing blue sleeved long sits on dog gray jacket. lawn	A gray dog sits on a lawn wearing a bright blue long sleeved jacket.
a field green tall through in running pink top A a pants flowers. is of tank girl and	A girl in a pink tank top and green pants is running through a field of tall flowers.
A white is black swimming. and dog	A black and white dog is swimming.
some the on near sandals sits man bags. sidewalk wearing A	A man wearing sandals sits on the sidewalk near some bags.
and a mouth. baseball Black holding dog white in	Black and white dog holding a baseball in mouth.
girls are beach to Two teenage the listening beside on standing ipods.	Two teenage girls are standing on beside the beach listening to ipods.
her The her dog in driveway. playing girl with is	The girl is playing with her dog in her driveway.
a helmeted huge calming white looking a as up rock is wall she wearing woman a	a woman wearing a white helmeted looking up as she is calming a huge rock wall
white A a racetrack. is motorcycle and black being ridden around	A black and white motorcycle is being ridden around a racetrack.
rides bicyclist ramps. on A	A bicyclist rides on ramps.
on rides Young man ocean wave surfboard. yellow	Young man rides ocean wave on yellow surfboard.
A rope group people bridge. across of walking a	A group of people walking across a rope bridge.
the water bottom of at Two children slide. a purple	Two children at the bottom of a purple water slide.
at looks A camera a the biker photo. back for	A biker looks back at the camera for a photo.
the in furry play snow. white dogs Two	Two white furry dogs play in the snow.
car wearing Older bag bicycle riding is the shopping with a the on a yellow in handle, background. glassses woman	Older woman wearing glassses riding a bicycle with a shopping bag on the handle, yellow car is in the background.
gallery. out an art in People hanging are	People are hanging out in an art gallery.
Man rapids. through yellow is a the kayak in paddling	Man in a yellow kayak is paddling through the rapids.
rocks. driving vehicle is green tractor-like A a man over	A man is driving a green tractor-like vehicle over rocks.
a ball. sunglasses, and tennis a white hitting person shirt with blue A shorts	A person with sunglasses, blue shorts and a white shirt hitting a tennis ball.
Frisbee. boy brown a a in throwing shirt, a	a boy in a brown shirt, throwing a Frisbee.
past foam runs a boy carrying a football. very small plastic A house	A boy runs past a house carrying a very small plastic foam football.
tree dog a stump. A sniffs	A dog sniffs a tree stump.
a mountain through rides trail. biker A shady	A mountain biker rides through a shady trail.
shirts cannon of in a group a green A push people in parade.	A group of people in green shirts push a cannon in a parade.
down is suit A bathing wearing surfboard holding laying a and boy a the smiling water. ocean in young	A smiling young boy wearing a bathing suit is holding a surfboard and laying down in the ocean water.
street kids Two playing on a	Two kids playing on a street
are a soccer sandy men plain. on group about play of young to A	A group of young men are about to play soccer on a sandy plain.
a girl tree. has The climbed smiling	The smiling girl has climbed a tree.
a bridge. standing is front in person A of uniform toll in	A person in uniform is standing in front of a toll bridge.
what be surfboard, appears to A on shore. a rides onto person waves the	A person on what appears to be a surfboard, rides the waves onto shore.
girls group little jumping together A backyard. a of in	A group of little girls jumping together in a backyard.
man a curb. and on A woman standing are the	A man and a woman are standing on the curb.
holding uniform and smiling the an player football orange wearing A football.	A football player wearing an orange uniform smiling and holding the football.
inside smiles while toy. a small swinging child green A playground	A small child smiles while swinging inside a green playground toy.
a in the paddle a boat woman with on sits water. A	A woman with a paddle sits in a boat on the water.
is man standing wearing The runs. woman field black as a grassy blue in the the cap in	The woman wearing black is standing in a grassy field as the man in the blue cap runs.
dog grass. little through runs white brown and A brown	A little white and brown dog runs through brown grass.
in tunnel A the sitting a toddler is yellow playground. inside	A toddler is sitting inside a yellow tunnel in the playground.
a Several are vehicles driving gravel road. down off-road	Several off-road vehicles are driving down a gravel road.
dogs run Two the out of ocean lake.	Two dogs run out of the ocean lake.
a smartly and bicycle beside are woman grass. the dressed Three on man standing	Three smartly dressed man and woman are standing beside a bicycle on the grass.
a leg mountain the sits on large off. girl with side hanging A of one	A girl sits on the side of a large mountain with one leg hanging off.
spout. little boy water in a A playing	A little boy playing in a water spout.
The hat taking is black lady while wearing a falls. a picture snow the	The lady wearing a black hat is taking a picture while the snow falls.
next to of group their tents. refugees sitting and A	A group of refugees and sitting next to their tents.
in A over snow hill. snowboarder a midair	A snowboarder in midair over a snow hill.
climber. rock A	A rock climber.
running The in white the big is grass. dog	The big white dog is running in the grass.
people street. sit a near Three	Three people sit near a street.
two a men on a top sandy cliff stand beach. overlooking	two men stand on a cliff top overlooking a sandy beach.
white black and dogs white are a kitty. at looking grey Two and	Two black and white dogs are looking at a grey and white kitty.
bicyclist green tricks lime A on does a bike.	A bicyclist does tricks on a lime green bike.
walking A little down the sidewalk. girl	A little girl walking down the sidewalk.
Chocolate The the the the get to Lab Black toy too late it as jumps captures Lab in driveway.	The Chocolate Lab jumps too late to get the toy as the Black Lab captures it in the driveway.
in park. black a A in woman hula hoops	A woman in black hula hoops in a park.
red with alone face. Woman worried stands her short with hair look a on	Woman with short red hair stands alone with a worried look on her face.
held medium which dog size is A men. by hoops jumping being through are	A medium size dog is jumping through hoops which are being held by men.
swings swing near wooden a fence. A baby in a	A baby swings in a swing near a wooden fence.
play baseball. Men	Men play baseball.
A crowd in memorial of a front in people Washington DC. of	A crowd of people in front of a memorial in Washington DC.
skis feet. their child a is A with wearing snowsuit and red hat on blue	A child is wearing a blue hat and snowsuit with red skis on their feet.
the playing the Three are large water at dogs beach. in	Three large dogs are playing in the water at the beach.
lap a a on is with man boy in jeep. seat a sitting of small There the his drivers	There is a man with a small boy on his lap sitting in the drivers seat of a jeep.
blue yellow The and wears a green a field. tag dog dog on rolls	The yellow dog wears a blue dog tag and rolls on a green field.
group get up rugby a men hold to a ball. of A man	A group of men hold up a man to get a rugby ball.
with sits A others. shawled woman	A shawled woman sits with others.
stand people of around dressed up A bunchh talking.	A bunchh of people dressed up stand around talking.
rock sitting in man beside a shallow clear face. large A water	A man sitting in clear shallow water beside a large rock face.
helmet wearing a unicycle. person A young a rides	A young person wearing a helmet rides a unicycle.
boy on stump A hands his a with small cement park his stands in a head. on	A small boy stands on a cement stump in a park with his hands on his head.
watching wearing young two girls nearby. snake tree bonnets a a by standing	two young girls wearing bonnets standing by a tree watching a snake nearby.
a dog dog looks at in A the catching another air ball	A dog looks at another dog catching a ball in the air
making gestures picture. hand and posing a for men Two are	Two men are making hand gestures and posing for a picture.
blond smiling little swing. sitting is girl A in a and with hair	A little girl with blond hair is smiling and sitting in a swing.
a down jeans ramp. white and white kid hat in a A and skateboards shirt	A kid in a white shirt and white hat and jeans skateboards down a ramp.
crowd. a A on stands head in man of front his	A man stands on his head in front of a crowd.
into of suit girl jumps body a young swimming a A water. in	A young girl in a swimming suit jumps into a body of water.
bike in child a air. the A high rides	A child rides a bike high in the air.
walks a America. little down in a dirt road white no girl dress and shoes A in	A little girl in a white dress and no shoes walks down a dirt road in America.
white his the bares brown in and dog teeth snow. A	A brown and white dog bares his teeth in the snow.
in man the a crochet sunglasses beside behind and woman smiles and looks in while a her. hat A short sunglasses her plaid	A woman in a crochet hat and sunglasses smiles while the man beside her in a plaid short and sunglasses looks behind her.
and decorated wearing jacket cap wildly knit old white a an a woman	an old woman wearing a wildly decorated knit cap and a white jacket
The gloves, black and boots. is a wearing lady coat,	The lady is wearing a black coat, gloves, and boots.
a a An mall small court. table who food adult sits child on a in holds	An adult holds a small child who sits on a table in a mall food court.
of standing wearing sweatshirt and men busy face, blue in green group of of vest a holding a African-American front a instruments. in front sidewalk up playing An on dollar 2 is bills man his while	An African-American man wearing a green sweatshirt and blue vest is holding up 2 dollar bills in front of his face, while standing on a busy sidewalk in front of a group of men playing instruments.
plaza. A woman young in walk and boy little blond a a through jeans	A little blond boy and a young woman in jeans walk through a plaza.
dog running A snow. in white the	A white dog running in the snow.
basketball at jersey dunking game. a A is man with 23 the ball	A man with jersey 23 is dunking the ball at a basketball game.
young A blonde a boy toy airplane. holding	A young blonde boy holding a toy airplane.
boy a A swing. in	A boy in a swing.
to car. man next a A stands	A man stands next to a car.
a Skater stair skateboard railing long rides down	Skater rides skateboard down a long stair railing
a one with a dogs ball mouth. Three playing in its in field,	Three dogs playing in a field, one with a ball in its mouth.
his boy colander a head. A with clowns on little	A little boy clowns with a colander on his head.
with and streaked cloth mouth. colors with with in person red Policewoman,	Policewoman, with person streaked with colors and with red cloth in mouth.
These each two their arms in on terrain, hats people around other. standing rocky are with	These two people in hats are standing on rocky terrain, with their arms around each other.
guy. woman posing a Two with	Two woman posing with a guy.
track. a runner on A	A runner on a track.
soggy stick. grass dog carrying is a splashing black through A	A black dog is splashing through soggy grass carrying a stick.
is wearing tennis a and man and wristbands A racket tennis. playing blue with blue the headband	A man with the tennis racket is wearing a blue headband and blue wristbands and playing tennis.
track a greyhounds racing on Three	Three greyhounds racing on a track
dog runs beach's white A the along shore.	A white dog runs along the beach's shore.
man man standing with older An by a younger earphones	An older man standing by a younger man with earphones
a some is running path paved a a grass. black by white on behind dog dog	a white dog is running behind a black dog on a paved path by some grass.
stick. brown A holding dog, a	A brown dog, holding a stick.
child and hand. adult A with	A child with and adult hand.
A suit goggles waits. young wearing and sits and girl bathing a	A young girl wearing a bathing suit and goggles sits and waits.
people the onlookers behind of dressed center Colorfully the down road, walk with barricade. a	Colorfully dressed people walk down the center of the road, with onlookers behind a barricade.
park a woman bench. two sit on	two woman sit on a park bench.
girl ribbon. with a A little plays	A little girl plays with a ribbon.
little leaves a in playing outside. girl A pile of	A little girl playing in a pile of leaves outside.
wearing at looks A coat man red another with man. a glass	A man wearing a red coat with glass looks at another man.
sleeping dressed under A cane park. a a beard, a well with in a tree and man	A well dressed man with a cane and a beard, sleeping under a tree in a park.
playing A ball. with dog a	A dog playing with a ball.
ball an balances A a man top on of umbrella.	A man balances a ball on top of an umbrella.
is view. camera a a tripod looking A on the with woman at	A woman with a camera on a tripod is looking at the view.
clothing wearing through white and the grass. dog orange The running is	The white dog is wearing orange clothing and running through the grass.
of a couple with conifers a the large in rushing red in paddlers in background. the canoe Two river rocks approach	Two paddlers in a red canoe approach a couple of large rocks in the rushing river with conifers in the background.
in a catch leaps Frisbee field. a and A black dog to white	A black and white dog leaps to catch a Frisbee in a field.
through dog water. running the A	A dog running through the water.
three heard prepares with to horns. dog sheep A	A dog prepares to heard three sheep with horns.
walking dark area. is vibrant in colors her a in A bike girl	A girl in vibrant colors is walking her bike in a dark area.
barely a hat A boy woman. admires red in dressed a	A boy in a red hat admires a barely dressed woman.
is the dog A and dog white snout. a on brown tan biting	A brown dog is biting a white and tan dog on the snout.
young a A man and boy sitting down	A man and a young boy sitting down
line street and storefronts of Cobblestone	Cobblestone street and line of storefronts
a tree leans hand. with beer a against a in man	a man leans against a tree with a beer in hand.
a man his jump snowboard. performing on is A	A man is performing a jump on his snowboard.
mouth for coming of stick her yellow with and the out camera, A it. a open poses girl	A girl poses for the camera, with her mouth open and a yellow stick coming out of it.
of hangs the edge man from A a rock.	A man hangs from the edge of a rock.
on trampoline. white sleeved a boy little jumps long t-shirt in A a	A little boy in a white long sleeved t-shirt jumps on a trampoline.
white with one runner uphill. runs shoe shoe A green and one	A runner with one green shoe and one white shoe runs uphill.
girl swing. a is on The	The girl is on a swing.
on boys young are Three a ramp. skateboarding	Three young boys are skateboarding on a ramp.
and their bicycle one rock person a rides onto wheel. balances on A	A person rides their bicycle onto a rock and balances on one wheel.
grass. the running is black in A dog	A black dog is running in the grass.
white a in young Two past a walk women door wall.	Two young women walk past a door in a white wall.
hands plants Older shoulders background. woman little on in puts of girl,	Older woman puts hands on shoulders of little girl, plants in background.
Two down people dirt bikes ride road. their a	Two people ride their bikes down a dirt road.
kids in the Two splashing water.	Two kids splashing in the water.
child puddle wearing sandals is green walking through A a	A child is walking through a puddle wearing green sandals
girl The swinging happily a is on swing outside.	The girl is happily swinging on a swing outside.
parachute the ground. collecting after on a People landing	People collecting a parachute after landing on the ground.
a pool. dog into jumping swimming A	A dog jumping into a swimming pool.
a a a john. large in sits port woman	a large woman sits in a port a john.
woman her enjoying a a at coffee shop reading	a woman enjoying her reading at a coffee shop
sign. in " people Three " a gear are skiing skiing standing behind no	Three people in skiing gear are standing behind a " no skiing " sign.
jumps a A dog Frisbee over with a man	A dog with a Frisbee jumps over a man
stops square. shoes a in with A woman orange	A woman with orange shoes stops in a square.
a carrying down a white sidewalk bag. woman a the wearing purple outfit walking	a woman wearing a purple outfit walking down the sidewalk carrying a white bag.
a red wearing and scarf elephant brick walks road. An the along blue	An elephant wearing a red and blue scarf walks along the brick road.
NO with " COAL Protesters " NEW area. signs urban in	Protesters with " NO NEW COAL " signs in urban area.
a A hooded under blue jacket. a wearing wig girl brown is	A girl is wearing a blue wig under a brown hooded jacket.
pants with grey shoes, and red Man shirt climbing. white	Man with red shoes, white shirt and grey pants climbing.
from leaping dog a into water. dock the brown A	A brown dog leaping from a dock into the water.
shirt, is and holding wearing with a a next a the black man child to The pail, water. walking	The man is wearing a black shirt, holding a pail, and walking with a child next to the water.
his spilled little milk boy from green cup. a the	a little boy spilled his milk from the green cup.
clown. with Three clowns posing colorful another to plastic next ballons	Three colorful clowns with ballons posing next to another plastic clown.
man around empty young the sports A skateboards arena. outdoor	A young man skateboards around the empty outdoor sports arena.
sand. girls in play Three the	Three girls play in the sand.
the the mountains boat background. water, is with in on A	A boat is on the water, with mountains in the background.
white-bearded a city a to man bike next A rides bus.	A white-bearded man rides a bike next to a city bus.
monitor street. are city a two in outside screen a women watching	two women are watching a monitor screen outside in a city street.
is There little dog looking big a at a dog.	There is a big dog looking at a little dog.
a grey man the elder with riding An on long bus. beard	An elder man with a long grey beard riding on the bus.
on the and a muzzle greyhound six a yellow A on a jacket number running wearing dog track. is	A greyhound wearing a muzzle and the number six on a yellow jacket is running on a dog track.
dog a after bloe into ball. pool brown jumping a a	a brown dog jumping into a pool after a bloe ball.
with street tries to jaywalk a An on asian traffic. man heavy	An asian man tries to jaywalk on a street with heavy traffic.
dog alongside and white beach. a at the brown run each other dog A	A white dog and a brown dog run alongside each other at the beach.
riding are silver suits Several across bicycles street. men a in	Several men in silver suits are riding bicycles across a street.
bathing a beach paddle suit on the a Man in holding	Man in a bathing suit holding a paddle on the beach
water sip from a takes the a fountain. girl	a girl takes a sip from the water fountain.
behind waiting females white bouquet a her. new bride to in dressed throws A	A new bride dressed in white throws a bouquet to waiting females behind her.
life dear a a spinning on for holding on wheel child	a child on a spinning wheel holding on for dear life
in the hides kid A bushes. the camera from overgrown	A kid hides from the camera in the overgrown bushes.
camera. near man glasses crouches green A the wearing	A man wearing green glasses crouches near the camera.
a man, on a down A low the ground, to skateboard. rolls ramp	A man, low to the ground, rolls down a ramp on a skateboard.
Two outside a restaurant. men of	Two men outside of a restaurant.
of ocean. A the boy in in shorts orange the shallow part is playing	A boy in orange shorts is playing in the shallow part of the ocean.
during game. baseball kid a a A hits	A kid hits a baseball during a game.
boy a swimming wearing goggles to girl little A pool. a next pose little and	A little boy and a little girl wearing goggles pose next to a swimming pool.
a to jersey on a his in coach. red football player field is the talking There	There is a football player in a red jersey on the field talking to his coach.
a on many while motorcycle A trick people man racetrack does watch. a	A man does a motorcycle trick on a racetrack while many people watch.
bathing suit a getting with water. young in A green girl splashed	A young girl in a green bathing suit getting splashed with water.
red collar wearing A a red Frisbee. a dog white jumps up after	A white dog wearing a red collar jumps up after a red Frisbee.
swans swimming in the Two water.	Two swans swimming in the water.
in jacket at with person flower around shop his black in jacket brown arm Man	Man in brown jacket with his arm around person in black jacket at flower shop
opposing a field. on play footballers Two	Two opposing footballers play on a field.
bed. are playing little together on boys Two the	Two little boys are playing together on the bed.
black A playing dog in is the large ocean.	A large black dog is playing in the ocean.
in boy over A with the dog a jumping pole a background	A dog jumping over a pole with a boy in the background
Brown Dog while holds stick jumps up high. a man	Brown Dog jumps while man holds a stick up high.
colored wearing Three running. outfits dogs	Three dogs wearing colored outfits running.
baseball. a catches girl a	a girl catches a baseball.
white snow. and A dog on the a black	A black and a white dog on the snow.
on street bicycle. his by man A standing the	A man on the street standing by his bicycle.
A white dog chasseing brown a dog.	A brown dog chasseing a white dog.
brown shirt is the a blue hanging onto pole. The in girl	The girl in the brown shirt is hanging onto a blue pole.
field stands the A of a on chipmunk and edge road	A chipmunk stands on the edge of a field and road
on A face. the a man climbing rock icicles	A man climbing the icicles on a rock face.
sit at People a with dog. park chairs in a	People sit in chairs at a park with a dog.
doing trick is bicyclist A midair. in a	A bicyclist is doing a trick in midair.
air. an the shirt and in A chases in jeans orange boy bubbles	A boy in jeans and an orange shirt chases bubbles in the air.
posing men are outdoors. Two oddly	Two men are posing oddly outdoors.
running A muzzled dog race	A muzzled race dog running
in runner red the A in drenched rain. woman getting is	A woman runner in red is getting drenched in the rain.
on out an a on a the yellow sailboard There person orange with water. is sail and	There is a person on a sailboard with an orange and yellow sail out on the water.
small get lands a trying A dog disc. a dog to big on	A small dog lands on a big dog trying to get a disc.
grassy A field the trees. in dog air leaps a surrounded into by	A dog leaps into the air in a grassy field surrounded by trees.
lined a going path biker red with tape. up A	A biker going up a path lined with red tape.
applying in mirror. in the Young girl blue tiara and makeup dress	Young girl in blue dress and tiara applying makeup in the mirror.
all recital little girls A of dressed a in group white. onstage perform	A group of little girls perform a recital onstage dressed in all white.
ramp a a spectators trick watch. off A as wooden does skateboarder	A skateboarder does a trick off a wooden ramp as spectators watch.
A tan on in cement black of grass front with path a dog and a dog brown	A black and brown dog with a tan dog on a cement path in front of grass
is climber he jacket as The wearing the red climbs a ice.	The climber is wearing a red jacket as he climbs the ice.
shaved head man on cheek. A man the with another is a kissing	A man with a shaved head is kissing another man on the cheek.
in stunt is cycle a skate A performing cyclist jumping and park. a	A cyclist is performing a jumping stunt in a skate and cycle park.
skateboard a a the jumps steps. with person over A shirt wearing red	A person wearing a red shirt jumps with a skateboard over the steps.
while crowd A dog a the jumps hoop through watches.	A dog jumps through a hoop while the crowd watches.
pile of on adults pose Two rocks. children and two a	Two adults and two children pose on a pile of rocks.
many people outside. gather	many people gather outside.
child small along smiling. A runs the grass	A small child runs along the grass smiling.
tennis A water with dog mouth. in green and a its swims ball blue in	A dog swims in water with a blue and green tennis ball in its mouth.
running its the toward open mouth. grass the out of tongue is dog its camera, A across long-haired hanging	A long-haired dog is running across the grass toward the camera, its tongue hanging out of its open mouth.
the roadside. standing A is skinny in girl large boots by	A skinny girl in large boots is standing by the roadside.
in grass. field a the looking Three dogs something in at	Three dogs in a field looking at something in the grass.
through by light accented looking seated Three glass green men	Three men seated looking through glass accented by green light
their for tan go rowboat. a ride in and A person dog a	A person and their tan dog go for a ride in a rowboat.
children field. Two a in running	Two children running in a field.
its eye dog brown water pool spot A a stick blue of in a one with white a mouth. with over in	A white dog with a brown spot over one eye in a pool of blue water with a stick in its mouth.
crown large man the watches A on. sets sparkler off a while	A man sets off a large sparkler while the crown watches on.
cap A wearing with child stripe is a tunnel. an snow a black in orange	A child wearing a black cap with an orange stripe is in a snow tunnel.
book. a consulting paperback lady An old	An old lady consulting a paperback book.
white black snowboarder wearing up kicking snow. and is striped A a some jacket	A snowboarder wearing a black and white striped jacket is kicking up some snow.
dog preparing through to ball. A a flies catch air, the	A dog flies through the air, preparing to catch a ball.
a front standing jeans A desk. in is reception in man of	A man in jeans is standing in front of a reception desk.
dot in game A playing red with and a pink polka girl red dress a handheld headband	A girl in a red polka dot dress and red headband playing with a pink handheld game
people Three beach. on a	Three people on a beach.
get during a Girl game. in blue to softball out 11 base runner number tries	Girl in blue tries to get a base runner number 11 out during softball game.
a trampoline. Two hair with on girls jumping long	Two girls with long hair jumping on a trampoline.
talk. and walk teenage girls Two like hippies dressed	Two teenage girls dressed like hippies walk and talk.
red wearing the submerges girl from a water.	a girl wearing red submerges from the water.
A sitting is standing around of a front in table. three people man	A man is standing in front of three people sitting around a table.
yard. farm black and a runs dog animal A around inside fenced white a	A black and white dog runs around a farm animal inside a fenced yard.
man and a old red. baby An in	An old man and a baby in red.
of sitting group of a the on people ground outside monument. a	a group of people sitting on the ground outside of a monument.
cage. children locked in three a are	three children are locked in a cage.
riding man A gin jumps an ATV air the while	A man jumps gin the air while riding an ATV
Four table gathered a people around	Four people gathered around a table
as sun the behind her. wearing to a side woman sets looks goggles A colorful	A woman wearing colorful goggles looks to the side as a sun sets behind her.
a near A walks van brown some dogs and junk. green	A brown dogs walks near a green van and some junk.
squats two it. wagon pumpkins behind child A a with in	A child squats behind a wagon with two pumpkins in it.
paddles river with area. man hat wooded, in along a a in an orange yellow a mountainous A canoe	A man with an orange hat in a yellow canoe paddles along a river in a wooded, mountainous area.
straight old ahead. An in and man looks sits hat a	An old man in a hat sits and looks straight ahead.
harness red fetching ball. Small dog a with	Small dog with red harness fetching a ball.
arms put their around boys each other Two and pose.	Two boys put their arms around each other and pose.
maneuvers. doing skateboarder A	A skateboarder doing maneuvers.
off with onlookers leaps biker littered half-pipe a A as graffiti watch.	A biker leaps off a half-pipe littered with graffiti as onlookers watch.
grass. a haired dog prepares the A black catch and long small brown red to in ball	A small black and brown long haired dog prepares to catch a red ball in the grass.
woman a wave A green water front on of of a surfboard in	A woman on a surfboard in front of a wave of green water
dogs each other. are track racing Five on a	Five dogs are on a track racing each other.
a Someone a on leaning into turn. motorcycle	Someone on a motorcycle leaning into a turn.
ocean. in dog jumps A brown the	A brown dog jumps in the ocean.
in woman of buildings. is front standing beside water and A man a	A woman and a man is standing beside water in front of buildings.
is A no man lifted baby the shirt. by a into wearing air	A baby is lifted into the air by a man wearing no shirt.
calm dropping is man swinging river. into a from a rope The	The man is dropping from a swinging rope into a calm river.
talking. a other with three working person on other in A background the with individuals equipment computer	A person working on a computer with other equipment with three other individuals in the background talking.
a between with Two fence dogs fighting them.	Two dogs fighting with a fence between them.
into jumping a water one Two is on cliff edge and the males	Two males on a cliff edge and one is jumping into the water
A little a playing is swing. in whilst smiling rope blue girl on	A little girl in blue is smiling whilst playing on a rope swing.
a standing girl with A in pool dreadlocks	A girl with dreadlocks standing in a pool
lawn and glasses a the nearly blue shirt an on by empty in dark street. man A waits bald	A nearly bald man in a blue shirt and dark glasses waits on the lawn by an empty street.
dogs a fire hydrant. peeing Two on	Two dogs peeing on a fire hydrant.
hair with on wearing woman a holds her hat red The flowers head. tartan baby black a	The red hair woman wearing a black tartan hat holds a baby with flowers on her head.
cliff. mountain A is scaling a climber	A climber is scaling a mountain cliff.
bike A hill. a down person rides in suit a biking a	A person in a biking suit rides a bike down a hill.
is t-shirt a swinging. long shirt sleeve while A smiling and a white plaid wearing boy	A boy wearing a white t-shirt and a long sleeve plaid shirt is smiling while swinging.
running brown A white dog paws beach. with the on	A brown dog with white paws running on the beach.
two walking in a donkeys. is A field man behind	A man is walking in a field behind two donkeys.
Two wrestling. dog	Two dog wrestling.
has in chasing dog another mouth. tan is brown white toy and dog One a who its and white	One white and tan dog is chasing another white and brown dog who has a toy in its mouth.
to in catch a is the toy. air dog jumping up A	A dog is jumping up in the air to catch a toy.
to the player jumping basketball in in white throw ball, the audience back. A	A basketball player in white jumping to throw the ball, audience in the back.
greyhounds the line. Three reach finish	Three greyhounds reach the finish line.
head is a on her straw hat cement stairs in woman wearing with A and skirt sitting her floral hands.	A woman wearing a straw hat and floral skirt is sitting on cement stairs with her head in her hands.
his is and knife arm watching. man on has a another man A	A man has a knife on his arm and another man is watching.
walking a crosswalk. A dog his in man	A man walking his dog in a crosswalk.
crowd who some some containing smiling are of people photographs. A are and people taking who	A crowd of people containing some people who are smiling and some who are taking photographs.
a lays on her girl driveway.	a girl lays on her driveway.
a a down follows A while beside is dog man him. brown running slope	A brown dog is running down a slope while a man follows beside him.
stands sitting boys girl the A in with a two large in garage industrial background. teenage	A teenage girl stands in a large industrial garage with two boys sitting in the background.
and girl railroad they walk hands on tracks. A as boy hold	A boy and girl hold hands as they walk on railroad tracks.
the to looks glasses right. A woman sits wearing and	A woman wearing glasses sits and looks to the right.
of car A a in in family front silver is area. a metro standing	A family is standing in front of a silver car in a metro area.
swimsuit wet plastic. a A a boy slides stretch of along in	A boy in a swimsuit slides along a stretch of wet plastic.
white is and uniform blue a A over in a jumping hurdle. girl	A girl in a blue and white uniform is jumping over a hurdle.
boy A swimming trunks in pool. a splashing swimming in is	A boy in swimming trunks is splashing in a swimming pool.
! having swing the This is much so on girl fun	This girl is having so much fun on the swing !
posing camera Boy for	Boy posing for camera
red child is a a jacket his life with apple wearing green in mouth	child with a green apple in his mouth is wearing a red life jacket
small the puppies green Three run grass. through	Three small puppies run through the green grass.
sit many birds a on ledge.	many birds sit on a ledge.
one building an hard men a industrial with picture. in shooting group white inside hats of A	A group of men in white hard hats inside an industrial building with one shooting a picture.
window, to a sidewalk, the on clothes warm next wearing person standing a	a person standing on the sidewalk, next to a window, wearing warm clothes
are the is coming fluffy up dog behind step. Flowers that the	Flowers are behind the fluffy dog that is coming up the step.
jeans of on A the horse. in sitting a is saddle woman	A woman in jeans is sitting on the saddle of a horse.
climbing child one tie are a a shirt white dye and wall. a on shirt in A in	A child in a tie dye shirt and one in a white shirt are on a climbing wall.
little A feeds girl a	A little girl feeds a
dog pale along is dirt a running path. A	A pale dog is running along a dirt path.
a pushing boy A pole. up another boy	A boy pushing another boy up a pole.
wearing a track. Dogs at jerseys running numbered	Dogs wearing numbered jerseys running at a track.
background for camera. posing little boy the a on A	A little boy on a background posing for the camera.
and A away their a walk woman around other. each arms man with	A man and a woman walk away with their arms around each other.
pigeons boy. a attack blonde	pigeons attack a blonde boy.
holds walks parachute in white while their a toward orange person and another A field it.	A person in a field walks toward their white and orange parachute while another holds it.
A a blurry carpet. on inside dog	A blurry dog inside on a carpet.
on dog laying brown A is snow.	A brown dog is laying on snow.
holding a person dog while they A eat.	A person holding a dog while they eat.
Bicycles race. in a	Bicycles in a race.
a bike. A red bike on uniform and dirt rider BMX in a black	A BMX bike rider in a black and red uniform on a dirt bike.
playing Two the in dogs water.	Two dogs playing in the water.
black wearing clapping. are Women and red	Women wearing red and black are clapping.
on bicycle city. in man A the a	A man on a bicycle in the city.
the in A well-dressed street. man	A well-dressed man in the street.
city line man bike with A on in air jumps an him. behind the the orange	A man on an orange bike jumps in the air with the city line behind him.
fight. hockey stops a a referee	a referee stops a hockey fight.
cement covered in blanket. sit blue by a warmly Four children wall a dressed	Four warmly dressed children sit by a cement wall covered in a blue blanket.
comfort child A is child cheek. kiss his by man wearing giving and green holding the the a on a trying to him shirt crying	A man wearing a green shirt is trying to comfort his crying child by holding the child and giving him a kiss on the cheek.
him. man in hat sandals pulling the behind a cart The is and	The man in the hat and sandals is pulling a cart behind him.
participate soccer Men in game. a	Men participate in a soccer game.
white with sand. identical brown on black wrestle dogs, Two spots jet	Two dogs, identical white with brown spots wrestle on jet black sand.
soccer with a near net. Children playing goal a ball	Children playing with a soccer ball near a goal net.
A teams playing soccer. are young group on boys opposing of	A group of young boys on opposing teams are playing soccer.
and boy man ride kart go a a A	A man and a boy ride a go kart
a defensive in a player white uniform pro makes move. Miami basketball A	A pro basketball player in a white Miami uniform makes a defensive move.
A retriever nurses puppies. golden	A golden retriever nurses puppies.
a camera. at holding window person out the A points the baby	A person holding a baby points out the window at the camera.
motocross driver race. speeds by A during a	A motocross driver speeds by during a race.
A goatee wears the snow. hat fur man with in a a	A man with a goatee wears a fur hat in the snow.
a flowery dress young in a surrounded watermelons by girl	a young girl in a flowery dress surrounded by watermelons
flies A through the air. snowmobiler	A snowmobiler flies through the air.
kick A man karate on a a block of doing ice.	A man doing a karate kick on a block of ice.
their other each wrestle teeth with Two dogs with bared.	Two dogs wrestle with each other with their teeth bared.
smiling A with a headphones man mustache grey a and	A smiling man with a headphones and a grey mustache
to arms A a uniform band marching out woman woman. her holding another in	A woman in a marching band uniform holding out her arms to another woman.
boy a lake. jumping into A young	A young boy jumping into a lake.
little and it. is mouth a holding The dog the in its large rope dog beside walking is	The large dog is holding a rope in its mouth and the little dog is walking beside it.
woman kissing. a earring, man A an with and in are in black, white	A woman in white and a man in black, with an earring, are kissing.
large A a with a wall person in background. river in the waterskiing	A person waterskiing in a river with a large wall in the background.
on stand of Three dirt. varying and dogs sizes colors	Three dogs of varying sizes and colors stand on dirt.
fighting toy. Two same the for dogs chew	Two dogs fighting for the same chew toy.
go is diving into loaded man A gear the ocean. to with up	A man is loaded up with gear to go diving into the ocean.
in walking dog the A snow	A dog walking in the snow
dog running. The is	The dog is running.
red a infant blonde A chewing toy. on	A blonde infant chewing on a red toy.
his with outside walks long young A arms hair curly spread. with boy	A young boy with long curly hair walks outside with his arms spread.
two air dogs with outside, are on a to the one get in and ground one ball. the These jumping	These two dogs are outside, with one on the ground and one jumping in the air to get a ball.
man dog. with a in horned people for picture a skis on A hat a dressed three and poses other	A man dressed in a horned hat poses for a picture on skis with three other people and a dog.
play dogs in tall grass. Two	Two dogs play in tall grass.
a A as look wearing costume children leans girl over on. other	A girl wearing a costume leans over as other children look on.
man a of a on stands top mountain.	a man stands on top of a mountain.
and beach. on bench girl, by man, sit a woman, concrete A a boy	A man, woman, girl, and boy sit on a concrete bench by a beach.
a person down. flipping upside bicycle A	A person flipping a bicycle upside down.
beach a at stretching sunset. on Woman	Woman stretching on a beach at sunset.
stick small in dog in mouth tan a the a grass running with his	a small tan dog running in the grass with a stick in his mouth
lawn on A puddle dog a brown through splashing a	A brown dog splashing through a puddle on a lawn
his arms a pumpkin face boy funny the patch a air. A in in making with	A boy in a pumpkin patch making a funny face with his arms in the air.
lake. into a black dog A jumping	A black dog jumping into a lake.
are sitting bench. on The wooden kissing boy and whilst girl a	The girl and boy are kissing whilst sitting on a wooden bench.
The is playing kid hopscotch.	The kid is playing hopscotch.
white. are crowd also is football wearing The red and and players the wearing and white, red	The football players are wearing red and white, and the crowd is also wearing red and white.
Young on in flooded in jumping red street. a water girl skirt	Young girl in red skirt jumping in water on a flooded street.
standing with an boy the front up air. in fence little in is hand fashioned old A of his	A little boy is standing in front of an old fashioned fence with his hand up in the air.
dog grass white running on Large	Large white dog running on grass
him plays while sits guitar another wearing mask. A a to next man man a	A man plays a guitar while another man sits next to him wearing a mask.
takes little pink, a a floppy A in camera. with a big girl hat photograph	A little girl in a pink, floppy hat takes a photograph with a big camera.
ramp a jumping the Biker off forest. in	Biker jumping off a ramp in the forest.
dog A sitting light with attached is colored in leash blue vehicle. a	A light colored dog with blue leash attached is sitting in a vehicle.
Football for huddle get players ready and the game.	Football players huddle and get ready for the game.
a Smiling carnival ride. girl on little	Smiling little girl on a carnival ride.
A down. man looking is	A man is looking down.
a catches on green children third a Two while railing ball. play a stone	Two children play on a stone railing while a third catches a green ball.
woman rowboat sitting A a in	A woman sitting in a rowboat
in flowers of hat person A black lots with attached. a vest is and dressed	A person is dressed in a black vest and hat with lots of flowers attached.
the dog dirty through running muddy a brown grass	a brown dog running through the dirty muddy grass
yellow rear car the wheel A while a backseat in watches. man spins its	A yellow car spins its rear wheel while a man in the backseat watches.
retrievers golden in running snow a field. dusted Two	Two golden retrievers running in a snow dusted field.
wearing suspended boy life the in vest air. A a	A boy wearing a life vest suspended in the air.
posing photograph fountain are city. for a in in front Two a men of a	Two men are posing for a photograph in front of a fountain in a city.
tags favorite plush a near a toy, rug nap his a centipede. on dog A	A dog tags a nap on a rug near his favorite toy, a plush centipede.
elderly city in walking a street. jacket a hilly up An is woman red	An elderly woman in a red jacket is walking up a hilly city street.
underneath on wave surfboard. white Someone a a surfing is	Someone is surfing underneath a wave on a white surfboard.
and through A eyes little blows closes wand. her a girl bubble	A little girl closes her eyes and blows through a bubble wand.
a A shirtless catches man football	A shirtless man catches a football
the snow. in is walking The dog	The dog is walking in the snow.
a down a walking jacket blue lady is A street. jeans city brown and in	A lady in blue jeans and a brown jacket is walking down a city street.
to river. people in There pool swimming a next are	There are people in swimming pool next to a river.
children Four in diner. on a stools	Four children on stools in a diner.
two away Canadian young A boy chases geese.	A young boy chases away two Canadian geese.
A near tree. apron fireplace in and Christmas stand a man a and a woman	A man and a woman in a apron stand near a fireplace and Christmas tree.
lift. in a one black, in skiers, ski and ride Two on pink one	Two skiers, one in pink and one in black, ride on a ski lift.
playing jumping are air outside. the dogs in and Four	Four dogs are playing and jumping in the air outside.
slopes backgroud jumping with in the down skiers sun group directly of a cast	a group of skiers jumping down slopes with the sun directly cast in backgroud
tennis hitting A the player ball female	A female tennis player hitting the ball
of a A front in group of people house.	A group of people in front of a house.
to milk. a couch of next a bottle puppies Three on	Three puppies on a couch next to a bottle of milk.
in a river brown a swimming and dog black	a brown and black dog swimming in a river
with his a rifle Man dog aiming at side. his	Man aiming a rifle with his dog at his side.
wades dog water. large A shallow through	A large dog wades through shallow water.
are walking Several down a people trail.	Several people are walking down a trail.
player to A in tries red. another in puck player from hockey white the steal	A hockey player in white tries to steal the puck from another player in red.
group the basketball trying get of a to ball players from player. another	a group of basketball players trying to get the ball from another player.
smaller a dog black to tan and brown a jump about on dog	a brown dog about to jump on a smaller black and tan dog
racetrack. A race car dirt-covered through a drives	A race car drives through a dirt-covered racetrack.
guys baseball. playing Two	Two guys playing baseball.
frozen black an blue a climber wall. a is ice jacket ice pants and in scaling	an ice climber in a blue jacket and black pants is scaling a frozen ice wall.
in Two water. shallow dogs	Two dogs in shallow water.
Four behind field dogs run a a in barn.	Four dogs run in a field behind a barn.
air a the lake. trick a at a in high jumping parasailer	a parasailer jumping a trick high in the air at a lake.
hay. young Two children throwing are	Two young children are throwing hay.
chases grass. in One another the dog	One dog chases another in the grass.
and through A hoop. and black a white jumping white dog brown	A brown and white dog jumping through a black and white hoop.
bed. on lies a back A dog on dog its	A dog lies on its back on a dog bed.
which along flakes. a a white dog snow covering A path thin of walks has	A white dog walks along a path which has a thin covering of snow flakes.
mouth. with ball a runs in the dog A water through its black	A black dog runs through the water with a ball in its mouth.
jacket skis. wearing traversing A woman a on yellow	A woman wearing a yellow jacket traversing on skis.
young a dog There a girl. humping is	There is a dog humping a young girl.
on plaid in a person skateboard riding half-pipe. shirt a A a	A person in a plaid shirt riding a skateboard on a half-pipe.
Some girls a dance. blue in perform dressed	Some girls dressed in blue perform a dance.
on dog chews leash. A his red	A dog chews on his red leash.
catch waiting The to jumps something dog up thrown. being	The dog jumps up waiting to catch something being thrown.
wearing black person practicing and red is combat. is outfit a and The	The person is wearing a black and red outfit and is practicing combat.
beside and hand her to mouth sitting her woman reading. A someone with head her down	A woman with her head down and her hand to her mouth sitting beside someone reading.
running water. dog A through	A dog running through water.
through Two dogs the a in running yard with forest distance. a	Two dogs running through a yard with a forest in the distance.
A drops a on beach. dog disc red a	A dog drops a red disc on a beach.
white out the of fish a water. large A bird pulling	A large white bird pulling a fish out of the water.
and pants. white green man with dark jewelry mask green a A and in feathered	A dark man in a white and green feathered mask with green jewelry and pants.
man a mountainside. The is grassy hiking up	The man is hiking up a grassy mountainside.
a There huge fire distance. in is the buildings of a in watching firemen group some	There is a group of firemen watching a huge fire in some buildings in the distance.
a lit bowling alley. dimly in bowling Man	Man bowling in a dimly lit bowling alley.
snowy a dog and field. white through A running black is	A black and white dog is running through a snowy field.
at to a american play native ready microphone A his instrument. stands	A native american stands at a microphone ready to play his instrument.
a over black to in a beach wave. shirt is child a using red splash wakeboard A	A child in a red shirt is using a black wakeboard to splash over a beach wave.
is A near in playing the stage. boy dark theater a	A boy is playing in a dark theater near the stage.
Two on people the beach. play	Two people play on the beach.
person construction over a sign. A snowboarding jumping and	A person snowboarding and jumping over a construction sign.
and other. each Two wrestling dogs with playing are	Two dogs are playing and wrestling with each other.
A by his man red in man helmet a in another has mouth boxing ring. a water squirted in	A man in a red helmet has water squirted in his mouth by another man in a boxing ring.
playing lawn a Three with on kids balls	Three kids playing with balls on a lawn
across are two a dogs grassy path. running	two dogs are running across a grassy path.
a young video playing a motorcycle game. man	a young man playing a motorcycle video game.
walk down man and the bride aisle A	A man and bride walk down the aisle
running the dogs The are through yard.	The dogs are running through the yard.
A a wrestles with bag. dog plastic	A dog wrestles with a plastic bag.
running the field. in Kids	Kids running in the field.
a female police the Batman. woman to dressed in stands officer A next Joker as	A female police officer stands next to a woman dressed as the Joker in Batman.
in yard of yellow a is across grassy a deck. dog A wooden front jumping	A yellow dog is jumping across a grassy yard in front of a wooden deck.
man surrounded suit A is in a photographers. by	A man in a suit is surrounded by photographers.
walking. is A pink little a girl jacket in	A little girl in a pink jacket is walking.
in Man white tennis. black playing and	Man in black and white playing tennis.
park bald cones. a yellow Two wearing bench small men traffic on	Two bald men on a park bench wearing small yellow traffic cones.
front of a women in are group A standing of building.	A group of women are standing in front of a building.
with haired seated girl a grey dances park a little in The at her. blond behind people sweatshirt	The little blond haired girl in a grey sweatshirt dances at a park with people seated behind her.
the the dog is ocean. running and black white through	the black and white dog is running through the ocean.
air with in man ramp A bicycle. the a above jumps a high wooden	A man jumps high in the air above a wooden ramp with a bicycle.
A a climbs up mountain. man	A man climbs up a mountain.
in runs pink girl lawn. on a A shorts little	A little girl in pink shorts runs on a lawn.
racing with sandy Dogs muzzles are around a track.	Dogs with muzzles are racing around a sandy track.
around horse Two are its rider. and a people arranged	Two people are arranged around a horse and its rider.
jumping holds man a above stick a A dog.	A man holds a stick above a jumping dog.
arm A their floats. and swimsuits boy wearing girl in little	A little boy and girl in their swimsuits wearing arm floats.
trunks riding Man on surfboard a multicolor a in wave.	Man in multicolor trunks riding a surfboard on a wave.
boys other water with spraying Two each	Two boys spraying each other with water
helmet rider white in road. a on leans a a into curve motorcycle A rural	A motorcycle rider in a white helmet leans into a curve on a rural road.
the protesters A group of picket in road.	A group of protesters picket in the road.
through on bikes people the orange cones. racing Three	Three people on bikes racing through the orange cones.
crowd a person of in a blue wearing people, wig One	One person in a crowd of people, wearing a blue wig
A-frame slides house snow. side snowboarder of down an buried the A in	A snowboarder slides down the side of an A-frame house buried in snow.
white in black the dog snow. dog after is running A a	A black dog is running after a white dog in the snow.
friends in of group together A a posing park.	A group of friends posing together in a park.
wearing black are while tights The children hopping.	The children are wearing black tights while hopping.
races. A biker	A biker races.
sign money. a A begging holds Seattle man in for	A man in Seattle holds a sign begging for money.
sitting of together people a outside. small group	a small group of people sitting together outside.
outside pole. to The a phone wooden next man is standing	The man is standing outside next to a wooden phone pole.
the on plays beach. dog A	A dog plays on the beach.
A during towed boarder being jump. a water	A water boarder being towed during a jump.
man a boy wearing putting orange A little child a swing. into	A man putting a little boy wearing orange into a child swing.
in Little pink skateboard. girl	Little girl in pink skateboard.
heads riding of The men's train. back two a on	The back of two men's heads riding on a train.
a Two pose women picture. for smiling	Two smiling women pose for a picture.
a on another mans young back playing boy	a young boy playing on another mans back
leashes. a 2 man walking on with sidewalk dogs A down	A man walking down a sidewalk with 2 dogs on leashes.
playing on kids Two mats.	Two kids playing on mats.
water. around the dog in swims tan A	A tan dog swims around in the water.
at unseen. something children pointing of group A	A group of children pointing at something unseen.
watch person skis a People mountain. as down a	People watch as a person skis down a mountain.
puppies Two play grass in the	Two puppies play in the grass
with water black legs. flying bird white grazes Long-necked,	Long-necked, flying white bird grazes water with black legs.
jumps. skateboarder a	a skateboarder jumps.
play ice teammates his player hockey. while sits on bench watching the A	A player sits on the bench while watching his teammates play ice hockey.
the wearing dog snow. jacket rolls A a in	A dog wearing a jacket rolls in the snow.
his hair over young his black jacket. a man mouth hairnet wearing a with a and	a young man with a hairnet over his hair and his mouth wearing a black jacket.
shirt Young green in down street the and girl runs sandals	Young girl in green shirt and sandals runs down the street
the Football players a of in play. middle	Football players in the middle of a play.
A with a track. boy face running is paint on	A boy with face paint is running on a track.
giant boy. bee hugs a A costume	A giant bee costume hugs a boy.
other expression. object in holds hand shaped funny hammer while with shaped object one a in air man and making A young the the a a similar	A young man holds a hammer shaped object in the air with one hand and a similar shaped object in the other while making a funny expression.
hand woman her in shirt, A with striped pink up. a	A woman in a pink striped shirt, with her hand up.
man hill. walking birds while down dead A a carries	A man carries dead birds while walking down a hill.
holds his a up to spoon mouth. little A boy	A little boy holds a spoon up to his mouth.
children around dog Two and snow. running in a	Two children and a dog running around in snow.
Two one are and one riding girls red. cars, plastic yellow	Two girls are riding plastic cars, one yellow and one red.
wearing Three cold gear. weather adults	Three adults wearing cold weather gear.
young fountain. by man a A dances	A young man dances by a fountain.
inflatable a boats. overlooking boy young crowd of A	A young boy overlooking a crowd of inflatable boats.
man down walking street. and A woman the	A man and woman walking down the street.
a a of water. near A paraglider body soars cliff and over	A paraglider soars near a cliff and over a body of water.
is shallow and beach in kid jacket water. blue The wearing standing a	The kid is wearing a blue jacket and standing in shallow beach water.
little a yellow runs jumper A in holding bucket. a girl	A little girl in a yellow jumper runs holding a bucket.
walking a a woman lone dog bikini a wearing on beach leash on a a	a lone woman wearing a bikini on a beach walking a dog on a leash
A wearing standing street. is hat a in small a boy red	A small boy wearing a red hat is standing in a street.
brown in girl swam the water. with The hair	The girl with brown hair swam in the water.
track. Three running out of a starting the on dogs gate are racing	Three racing dogs are running out of the starting gate on a track.
dog the its on sand. lying in A back	A dog lying on its back in the sand.
on hurdles tan a course. is dog over jumping A large	A large tan dog is jumping over hurdles on a course.
on girl blown-up a toy. plays blonde-haired bouncy A	A blonde-haired girl plays on a blown-up bouncy toy.
from boy vehicle. in a a hangs soccer uniform farm down green A upside	A boy in a green soccer uniform hangs upside down from a farm vehicle.
lays dog snow. the on A	A dog lays on the snow.
backyard set. A a boy small play climbing	A small boy climbing a backyard play set.
snow. play Two in tan the dogs	Two tan dogs play in the snow.
Several around sitting people campfire a	Several people sitting around a campfire
a a park. merry-go-round on girl shirt a little spins A wearing at pink	A little girl wearing a pink shirt spins on a merry-go-round at a park.
mop. A dog biting a is	A dog is biting a mop.
dog deep paddles breed A Dalmatian through water.	A Dalmatian breed dog paddles through deep water.
tennis wearing yellow is and a blue blue a player headband. The shirt and	The tennis player is wearing a yellow and blue shirt and a blue headband.
lot are in Two of with trying red jackets traffic a girls by. cross to cars going	Two girls in red jackets are trying to cross traffic with a lot of cars going by.
members with ball, team the football the by opposing chased of runs player A	A football player runs with the ball, chased by members of the opposing team
the black frolics A in snow. dog	A black dog frolics in the snow.
A lays her the arms grass. and face in with on sidewalk the girl	A girl lays on the sidewalk with her arms and face in the grass.
the red little small on in shirt the swing. The the boy baby girl pushes	The small girl in the red shirt pushes the little boy on the baby swing.
standing woman. a a man A on cellphone with	A man on a cellphone standing with a woman.
woman the holds blow-up a over it A onto water. is raft pulled as	A woman holds onto a blow-up raft as it is pulled over the water.
in air. dirt jumps bike the rider A	A dirt bike rider jumps in the air.
bicyclists A ride. ready for getting of group a	A group of bicyclists getting ready for a ride.
the is A hiker on mountains. looking ground sitting the snow covered towards	A hiker is sitting on the ground looking towards the snow covered mountains.
light brown blue tugging front are at toy in of a blue dogs shed. Two a	Two light brown dogs are tugging at a blue toy in front of a blue shed.
grassy A running field. two through dog brown in collars a black	A brown dog in two black collars running through a grassy field.
purple young a wearing stands hat snoopy and smiling. girl shirt A	A young girl wearing a snoopy hat and purple shirt stands smiling.
on skateboarder a bench. manuals does a	a skateboarder does manuals on a bench.
and wearing A in jeans blue swing. boots sweater, grey hangs down boy young upside a a tire	A young boy wearing a grey sweater, blue jeans and boots hangs upside down in a tire swing.
dog off shaking on beach Wet water	Wet dog shaking off water on beach
over during it timeout. quarterback a his talks coach with The	The coach talks it over with his quarterback during a timeout.
field. run the grassy dogs across Two	Two dogs run across the grassy field.
driver is car race a holding A trophy.	A race car driver is holding a trophy.
wearing woman giant a rock. the climbs up red,	a woman wearing red, climbs up the giant rock.
are Three the facing people mountains.	Three people are facing the mountains.
a A bike dirt man riding	A man riding a dirt bike
women Two colorful , in on cow clothes ground their near sit the	Two women in colorful clothes sit on the ground near their cow ,
african a leaning An american racket. while woman over holding is tennis	An african american woman is leaning over while holding a tennis racket.
A videotaped while professional doing dirt being biker stunts	A professional dirt biker doing stunts while being videotaped
and jumping a through snowy Two area. running dogs	Two dogs running and jumping through a snowy area.
Four playing children bouncy are a on castle.	Four children are playing on a bouncy castle.
a and young child. man A	A man and a young child.
reaching catcher a ball. catch out his mitt child A to	A child catcher reaching out his mitt to catch a ball.
boys hero. action with an pose Two	Two boys pose with an action hero.
trick ramp. a cracked concrete inline on on a does skates A man	A man on inline skates does a trick on a cracked concrete ramp.
are playing and a outside A toy. black dog white dog pull with a	A black dog and a white dog are outside playing with a pull toy.
wall workout. against a stand after Two a people	Two people stand against a wall after a workout.
bike hanging through motocross is air. jumping the of back the as the The it man off is	The man is hanging off the back of the motocross bike as it is jumping through the air.
towel. dogs a Two tug on	Two dogs tug on a towel.
a sidewalk. woman A a a on a as and dresses as prisoner dressed man cop	A man dresses as a prisoner and a woman dressed as a cop on a sidewalk.
boys girl grass. sidewalk Four a and and on a	Four boys and a girl on a sidewalk and grass.
straddles in railings. boy two shirt striped A a	A boy in a striped shirt straddles two railings.
in out a grey greens supermarket. a ban in swaetshirt A picks	A ban in a grey swaetshirt picks out greens in a supermarket.
cellphone. A and in a blond hat talks sunglasses woman on	A blond woman in sunglasses and hat talks on a cellphone.
striped and and wearing A of head black shirt. the man ball shorts soccer above a is red black	A soccer ball is above the head of a man wearing black shorts and red and black striped shirt.
air A the in walk woman as her others the in jumps behind street.	A woman jumps in the air as others walk behind her in the street.
are building under People St. near in that's standing 3rd construction a	People are standing in a building that's under construction near 3rd St.
on night. accent dark lights Beautiful trees a	Beautiful lights accent trees on a dark night.
while young A riding man jumps skateboard. high a	A young man jumps high while riding a skateboard.
fair. are Two on ladies and street a bicycles paint except nothing body riding wearing in	Two ladies are wearing nothing except body paint and riding on bicycles in a street fair.
on men blacktop. three a basketball The playing are	The three men are playing basketball on a blacktop.
background. rock sits the trees man A a with on in cliff	A man sits on a rock cliff with trees in the background.
mountaintop. on person posing A a	A person posing on a mountaintop.
A not very but small dog high. leaping,	A small dog leaping, but not very high.
boys wearing life are into looking are three jackets The the who water.	The three boys who are wearing life jackets are looking into the water.
purple shirt a near puppy brown a sit woman in A and a fountain	A woman in a purple shirt and a brown puppy sit near a fountain
the dogs grass. through Two are running white	Two white dogs are running through the grass.
surround men headscarf. A woman a of in a group	A group of men surround a woman in a headscarf.
A a on the boy street box. holds	A boy on the street holds a box.
dog in running its its is A brown with yard mouth. across toy the	A brown dog is running across the yard with its toy in its mouth.
A large is with a and brown black dog white playing cow.	A black and white dog is playing with a large brown cow.
his watches jumping off boy dock a of friend A while	A boy jumping off of a dock while his friend watches
woman with haired wearing hand her broen coffee black a coat a in	a broen haired woman wearing a black coat with coffee in her hand
field A a on backpack. a man sits near	A man sits on a field near a backpack.
purple snowboard. coat a in on making Person a a jump	Person in a purple coat making a jump on a snowboard.
jumps board. his midair The in snowboarder on	The snowboarder jumps in midair on his board.
playing labs Two are snow. in yellow the	Two yellow labs are playing in the snow.
blue a a on to large chews dog small A next dog. shoe	A small dog chews on a blue shoe next to a large dog.
splashes child lake. a A in	A child splashes in a lake.
the brown The dog white chasing is ball. and	The brown and white dog is chasing the ball.
a A is branch. dog puppy playing with	A puppy dog is playing with a branch.
together door. a A laugh white man and a by woman	A man and a woman laugh together by a white door.
wooden tan green staircase dog a to down the A grass. runs	A tan dog runs down a wooden staircase to the green grass.
with the ball in a him. battles with in head soccer white A while man purple bumps man his	A man in purple bumps the soccer ball with his head while a man in white battles with him.
over stream. to bulldog a jumps a next A log	A bulldog jumps over a log next to a stream.
in the the brown dog water A runs ocean. through	A brown dog runs through the water in the ocean.
the boy a into jumps pool.	a boy jumps into the pool.
is turning wet a racer around road. A curve a on motorcycle	A motorcycle racer is turning around a curve on a wet road.
A lined an woman down and dog asphalt, road. tree running	A woman and dog running down an asphalt, tree lined road.
spangles. wearing woman is with black A sequins and gold	A woman is wearing black with gold sequins and spangles.
in little raises underwear a his boy hand. his left	a little boy in his underwear raises his left hand.
Several standing of are pictures in white front with a on wall it. people	Several people are standing in front of a white wall with pictures on it.
in the hoops a girl blue on in stage background. shapes A a balloon with hula leotard	A girl in a blue leotard hula hoops on a stage with balloon shapes in the background.
high skips water. speed boat across A the red racing	A red high speed racing boat skips across the water.
background the People in sitting on steps with large buildings	People sitting on steps with large buildings in the background
of pavement. the standing A are together group people on	A group of people are standing together on the pavement.
A catc black white dog and	A black and white dog catc
a on boy young blows lawn. bubbles A grassy	A young boy blows bubbles on a grassy lawn.
purses with walk urban in women Two location. an	Two women with purses walk in an urban location.
outfit down running street denim young wearing a the a boy	a young boy wearing a denim outfit running down the street
Two field. dogs a play in	Two dogs play in a field.
play Two shore. on the dogs	Two dogs play on the shore.
a around greyhounds racing of corner track. Three the	Three greyhounds racing around the corner of a track.
a People at place stand lighting. with in purple line	People stand in line at a place with purple lighting.
in Young girl on stage. ballerinas a white tutus	Young girl ballerinas in white tutus on a stage.
jumping with it. and of tennis in white a pool black a lot a dog into balls	a black and white dog jumping into a pool with a lot of tennis balls in it.
climbs a rock a climber large rock.	a rock climber climbs a large rock.
competition locked Wrestlers in	Wrestlers locked in competition
base. jersey men one in black toward baseball with running and Two playing the the red	Two men playing baseball with the one in the black and red jersey running toward base.
blond shirts outside. in walk " love " beer I Two women	Two blond women in " I love beer " shirts walk outside.
bloody wounds. women sport Two	Two women sport bloody wounds.
reflective sunglasses a wearing man crowd. A in	A man wearing reflective sunglasses in a crowd.
of A ring off hit his to jumping the competitor. wrestler is	A wrestler is jumping off of the ring to hit his competitor.
jumps skateboarder stairs. a the	a skateboarder jumps the stairs.
play Two in while with water. standing wearing children glow necklaces sparklers	Two children wearing glow necklaces play with sparklers while standing in water.
A white helmet person a red riding a bike. wearing	A person wearing a red helmet riding a white bike.
A the playing sand. in dog brown	A brown dog playing in the sand.
blue yard a brown a leaves. of A dog ball black in pushes	A black dog pushes a blue ball in a yard of brown leaves.
dogs run around the in Three snow.	Three dogs run around in the snow.
by tree. a field One taking in a small another photo of jumping a man man	One man taking a photo of another man jumping in a field by a small tree.
A near standing dog a volleyball. grass black in the	A black dog standing in the grass near a volleyball.
dog playing Terrier on with toy blanket	Terrier dog playing with toy on blanket
streets. the a suit a man walking white newspaper a holding wearing through	a man wearing a white suit holding a newspaper walking through the streets.
people the and white float glider. a through on air Two red	Two people float through the air on a red and white glider.
boys large in Two field. young a jackets frolic wearing	Two young boys wearing jackets frolic in a large field.
hand his a in whilst one winking little is spoon holding boy The eye.	The little boy is holding a spoon in his hand whilst winking one eye.
A guitar. costume black playing a person ninja in a	A person in a black ninja costume playing a guitar.
its mouth. ball dog the a beach in A has on	A dog on the beach has a ball in its mouth.
wearing a running pink 13406. holding a lady in A brown number for umbrella race and is woman a	A woman is holding a pink and brown umbrella for a lady running in a race wearing number 13406.
young child A a ramp. over blue skateboard rides wearing helmet a a	A young child wearing a blue helmet rides a skateboard over a ramp.
a trampoline, a on is girl outdoors jumping The in backyard.	The girl is jumping on a trampoline, outdoors in a backyard.
so in to he him water the man him. up come little a in waiting can and for boy throwing air down catch A	A man in water throwing a little boy up in the air and waiting for him to come down so he can catch him.
hair and curtain exposure blonde flowery double a with laughing baby a a of curly	a double exposure of a laughing baby with curly blonde hair and a flowery curtain
sitting his in grass, dog tongue with the out a	a dog sitting in the grass, with his tongue out
red watches person A onrushing a in waves. stand hat the	A person in a red hat stand watches the onrushing waves.
woman men. a a can three and other shirt pink holding in a There is	There is a woman in a pink shirt holding a can and three other men.
next mouth out A to clinging his bar boy sticking and platform. a with a tongue open to	A boy with his mouth open and tongue sticking out clinging to a bar next to a platform.
station. sleeping subway on in man a A bench a	A man sleeping on a bench in a subway station.
on. trick skateboarder shirt attempts a with A no	A skateboarder attempts a trick with no shirt on.
headband and man leather standing outside. a outfit red a a wearing	a man wearing a red headband and a leather outfit standing outside.
sit girl inside tube in man A floating water. a a and the	A man and a girl sit inside a floating tube in the water.
is racing and a suit skateboard. black and a a helmet in person red, A riding white	A person in a red, black and white racing suit and a helmet is riding a skateboard.
a wading-pool in women mud-wrestle Two blue	Two women mud-wrestle in a blue wading-pool
them dogs human opposite companions try as pull Two their to in reach by leashes. directions other each their	Two dogs try to reach each other as their human companions pull them in opposite directions by their leashes.
A stick it. into two his big so throwing is go man the and dogs a water fetch	A man is throwing a big stick into the water so his two dogs and go fetch it.
and chickens examining bucket contents Puppies, a turkey dirt. on	Puppies, chickens and a turkey examining bucket contents on dirt.
puppy rungs camera. A the small towards	A small puppy rungs towards the camera.
stage. dressed women a standing colorful of on round A gowns in line	A line of women dressed in colorful gowns standing on a round stage.
plays a boy train set. a with	a boy plays with a train set.
and baby, of front man, sit child a A birthday in cake.	A man, baby, and child sit in front of a birthday cake.
catch to up while audience white watches. and brown a jumping Frisbee an A dug	A brown and white dug jumping up to catch a Frisbee while an audience watches.
family pre-teen wearing a girls sunglasses sing and in home. dance Three	Three pre-teen girls wearing sunglasses dance and sing in a family home.
blond woman. sled steered by smiling pulling horses a a Two	Two horses pulling a sled steered by a smiling blond woman.
white toy across chasing golden running ground. the dog a the on grass A is	A golden dog is running across the grass chasing a white toy on the ground.
over runs and grass. white Brown dog at camera	Brown and white dog runs at camera over grass.
herself a by is yellow his in the great picking person or tent up A outdoors.	A person is picking up a yellow tent by his or herself in the great outdoors.
A party water. in hat splashes boy in the a	A boy in a party hat splashes in the water.
and glasses, a brown with backpack. shirt, A female a	A female with glasses, a brown shirt, and a backpack.
atop with extended. A stands a mountain arms man	A man stands atop a mountain with arms extended.
car a lake. A submerged partially in is	A car is partially submerged in a lake.
about his to man a head. over ball kick A	A man about to kick a ball over his head.
other of operating women. woman in The is front a camera two blue in	The woman in blue is operating a camera in front of two other women.
boy at A and of the end a slip slide.	A boy at the end of a slip and slide.
in a yard school dogs two playing	two dogs playing in a school yard
a a a large while chair sits holding man in pole.	a man sits in a chair while holding a large pole.
little the and kids into it. The ledge jumping dirt off is a below	The little kids is jumping off a ledge and into the dirt below it.
stick The in its brown has mouth. a dog	The brown dog has a stick in its mouth.
little the a A swing is on swinging baby in playground. girl	A little girl is swinging in a baby swing on the playground.
on some a a and A next man tree wooden cacti. bench sits	A man sits on a wooden bench next a tree and some cacti.
through A dog the snow. walks	A dog walks through the snow.
red the through with A dog water swims toy. white a	A white dog swims through the water with a red toy.
wet black a dog into A lake. jumping	A wet black dog jumping into a lake.
walking through field. grassy of group people A a	A group of people walking through a grassy field.
room is man in A panelling. made wood of sitting up	A man is sitting in room made up of wood panelling.
air. with top mountain the a hands man in his the A at of stands	A man stands at the top of a mountain with his hands in the air.
looking group small bathroom the stands bath. A down of in child adults the in a	A group of adults stands in the bathroom looking down a small child in the bath.
landscape. A mountain	A mountain landscape.
on art A of and an in display. head sunglasses with woman standing front her	A woman with sunglasses on her head and standing in front of an art display.
dog pool. white jumping into a a	a white dog jumping into a pool.
A out their pigtails in climb of baby to tries playpen.	A baby in pigtails tries to climb out of their playpen.
boy A life frame. jumps in something yellow, jacket onto out a of	A boy in a life jacket jumps onto something yellow, out of frame.
game A played. football is	A football game is played.
People balcony. stand a colorful on	People stand on a colorful balcony.
He skateboarding. is	He is skateboarding.
dog black The a duck. with white is in swimming a lake	The black dog is swimming in a lake with a white duck.
rope A a girl ladder young climbing	A young girl climbing a rope ladder
dog obstacle. The the brown red jumped	The brown dog jumped the red obstacle.
in small A shirt a Izod to child an cellphone her holds ear.	A small child in an Izod shirt holds a cellphone to her ear.
dog mountainside. on white water a drinks A	A white dog drinks water on a mountainside.
at A table is man a sitting with softdrinks. filled	A man is sitting at a table filled with softdrinks.
a shirt " blanket. on in superman a dog sleeps " A	A dog in a " superman " shirt sleeps on a blanket.
stands rocks. the A near edge man at water of the the	A man stands at the edge of the water near the rocks.
about A descend motocross biker to	A motocross biker about to descend
in and is in person crash by being A jumped motorcycle a outfit white white the air a helmet.	A white motorcycle is being jumped in the air by a person in a white outfit and crash helmet.
against a makes a jump snowboarder background. wooded A	A snowboarder makes a jump against a wooded background.
football A standing player Oklahoma	A Oklahoma football player standing
and wearing crawling a Blond jacket red child on equipment. playground	Blond child wearing a red jacket and crawling on playground equipment.
gather group type of fans A of event. some for	A group of fans gather for some type of event.
a with the red dog in black A collar plays snow.	A black dog with a red collar plays in the snow.
holding to his enviorment man face. a a A in tropical camera	A man in a tropical enviorment holding a camera to his face.
red a towards A haired swan. girl is jumping	A red haired girl is jumping towards a swan.
Three field. running a dogs in	Three dogs running in a field.
and necklace, wears woman a blue An sunglasses, older and hair jacket. shirt with earrings, gray	An older woman with gray hair wears sunglasses, a necklace, earrings, and blue shirt and jacket.
running tan grass. green A muzzle big a dog in wearing	A big tan dog wearing a muzzle running in green grass.
feathered hat laughing A tape. caution wears a and purple woman	A laughing woman wears a purple feathered hat and caution tape.
air boy to a A trying at dodge him. in thrown the ball	A boy in the air trying to dodge a ball thrown at him.
across lunges dog a A beach.	A dog lunges across a beach.
white dog The the snow. mountain dew in is drinking	The white dog is drinking mountain dew in the snow.
running grass children playing are soccer. The through the	The children are running through the grass playing soccer.
dog and grass through brown the A running flowers.	A brown dog running through the grass and flowers.
in group are walking A city. santas of the	A group of santas are walking in the city.
red boy slide. prepares slide A to in a blue down	A boy in red prepares to slide down a blue slide.
dog ball. a larger brown dog black playing and a large together with A	A large brown dog and a larger black dog playing together with a ball.
A battle. of some recreation	A recreation of some battle.
A on water. kayak and a a baby man in are yellow	A man and a baby are in a yellow kayak on water.
at wearing A table headphones. a sits of man a computer front in	A man sits at a table in front of a computer wearing headphones.
large on swing. a Three children riding	Three children riding on a large swing.
catching The a brown his and in white dog Frisbee is mouth.	The brown and white dog is catching a Frisbee in his mouth.
trees. sitting People at flowering park are under a	People are sitting at a park under flowering trees.
he the little sits up thumbs A snow. gives in a as boy	A little boy gives a thumbs up as he sits in the snow.
shaking off water golden retriever some A is	A golden retriever is shaking off some water
a together field. another after runs in and Two dogs play	Two dogs play together and another runs after in a field.
above cars. the A demolished air truck monster in	A monster truck in the air above demolished cars.
stunt doing on bike in park. Man a skate	Man doing stunt on bike in a skate park.
motorcycle three a on riding people	three people riding on a motorcycle
a scenery. two racing vehicle are A riding that women surrounding the is man and past	A man and two women are riding a vehicle that is racing past the surrounding scenery.
surrounded on walks trees. dog a by path A	A dog walks on a path surrounded by trees.
a in is front of in crowd. shorts Someone somersaulting	Someone in shorts is somersaulting in front of a crowd.
rocky a Three to the shorline. next in dogs water are	Three dogs are in the water next to a rocky shorline.
the grey a on rides ocean. beach A with of his the bike man beard	A man with a grey beard rides his bike on the beach of the ocean.
A snow. whilst playing the toddler is a smiling suit beige in in	A toddler in a beige suit is smiling whilst playing in the snow.
crowded woman while outfit bus. on in her a A a purse white holds	A woman in a white outfit holds her purse while on a crowded bus.
The soccer red and kicking young is a ball. girl blue	The young girl is kicking a blue and red soccer ball.
tire a Young swinging swing. boy on	Young boy swinging on a tire swing.
button the at man The in sitting is shirt table. up a	The man in the button up shirt is sitting at a table.
the running in The is the girl little pink path. down top	The little girl in the pink top is running down the path.
through the Two dogs walking black snow.	Two black dogs walking through the snow.
red football. white holding player football wearing lone a a and jersay a	a lone football player wearing a red and white jersay holding a football.
surrounded a yellow pull greenery. people small brown in pond tube a by hats Two in	Two people in brown hats pull a yellow tube in a small pond surrounded by greenery.
a person snow. in hill tan is snowboarding coat of off a red and A	A person in a red and tan coat is snowboarding off a hill of snow.
the boy a to floatlys gets ready jump pool. with in	a boy with floatlys gets ready to jump in the pool.
is a catch dog brown Frisbee. to trying A	A brown dog is trying to catch a Frisbee.
A occupied blue-robed in room. walking hooded upper-class and tables figure is an past	A blue-robed and hooded figure is walking past occupied tables in an upper-class room.
point. A younger woman middle aged be to DJ as a people pretends	A middle aged woman pretends to be a DJ as younger people point.
on path. walking a woodland is brown white A dog and	A brown and white dog is walking on a woodland path.
flight dog stairs. down A a of jumps	A dog jumps down a flight of stairs.
orange woman an is top A in black and shorts running.	A woman in an orange top and black shorts is running.
A person hill. a off on a wooded down bike coming	A person on a bike coming down off a wooded hill.
Two in swimming girls a pool.	Two girls in a swimming pool.
sitting on girl grass. A is the toddler	A girl toddler is sitting on the grass.
of black black dog A paddles body a a cat water. in behind	A black dog paddles behind a black cat in a body of water.
mouth. black white in A running black its with toy and dog a	A black dog running with a black and white toy in its mouth.
A the hills. far at male looking away shadowy	A shadowy male looking at the far away hills.
A overalls running. child small in	A small child in overalls running.
children giggling green a bench park sit five on in a	five giggling children sit on a green bench in a park
to toddler and rock A a guitar be pretends star. plays the	A toddler plays the guitar and pretends to be a rock star.
runs race. A wearing jacket greyhound yellow a a	A greyhound wearing a yellow jacket runs a race.
hand a her while at bar. A woman at somthing touches points antoher woman	A woman points at somthing while antoher woman touches her hand at a bar.
man face. white abseiling sandy a helmet is a wearing down colored rock a	a man wearing a white helmet is abseiling down a sandy colored rock face.
pasture in herd dog the the A in foreground. cow grazing with a running	A cow herd grazing in the pasture with a dog running in the foreground.
A beneath young is swing down it. gravel with hanging tire in boy a head	A young boy is hanging head down in a tire swing with gravel beneath it.
boy swing. A on a tire rides	A boy rides on a tire swing.
ball his a black tire dog another holds follows A a mouth him. in as and	A black dog holds a tire and a ball in his mouth as another follows him.
jumping is huge a wave. A wakeboarder	A wakeboarder is jumping a huge wave.
blue biker, A bike. mud, in covered riding a all	A biker, all covered in mud, riding a blue bike.
and white A black runs dog water. through the	A black and white dog runs through the water.
man dress up. woman a a and	a man and a woman dress up.
the two tackle eluding player football defenders. of Sooners Huskies An	An Sooners football player eluding the tackle of two Huskies defenders.
full bowls drinking, Boy of of at backyard food. table	Boy drinking, at backyard table full of bowls of food.
id two women, badges. with Four	Four women, two with id badges.
pile dog a A blue dogs on bed. sleep of	A pile of dogs sleep on a blue dog bed.
woman and girl pool. playing A ball with a a a in	A girl and a woman playing with a ball in a pool.
in is a A a doorway. bathrobe child in white standing	A child in a white bathrobe is standing in a doorway.
a person and through pulling mud. Two are dirt oxen splashing	Two oxen are pulling a person through splashing dirt and mud.
bird ground. down the swooping large towards A	A large bird swooping down towards the ground.
gliding parachute a person on A the air. in	A person gliding on a parachute in the air.
players fighting over the basketball ball. Two	Two basketball players fighting over the ball.
poses family concrete seated steps. A on	A family poses seated on concrete steps.
mouth. Potao wears Mr. A boy head glasses and little	A little boy wears Mr. Potao head glasses and mouth.
stands near woman fountain. a a	a woman stands near a fountain.
orange collar. water dog wet A off an shaking with the	A wet dog shaking off the water with an orange collar.
drink next to with a Woman her a in standing tent. hand	Woman standing with a drink in her hand next to a tent.
a down out looking There of sideways an focus street. man is	There is a man looking sideways down an out of focus street.
Two on women an outdoor trail. walking	Two women walking on an outdoor trail.
together man pose on A street. a and woman cobblestone	A man and woman pose together on a cobblestone street.
on The man a with carrying shoulders. girl his is young pigtails	The man is carrying a young girl with pigtails on his shoulders.
day. grass on sunny a walking tall through The is child	The child is walking through tall grass on a sunny day.
reaches baby water dropping A for	A baby reaches for water dropping
along striped dog runs A the beach.	A striped dog runs along the beach.
The jumps the dog small white grass. in	The small white dog jumps in the grass.
beside a walking A plastic blue a blue is wearing backpack girl fence.	A girl wearing a blue backpack is walking beside a blue plastic fence.
in play dogs field. a grassy Three	Three dogs play in a grassy field.
a in region. people hiking Two are mountainous	Two people are hiking in a mountainous region.
Two people playing baseball.	Two people playing baseball.
and holding smiling political people signs. Three	Three people smiling and holding political signs.
Foosball. game playing Two kids are a of	Two kids are playing a game of Foosball.
for dogs a Two third carrying jumping with ball, a a Frisbee.	Two dogs jumping for a ball, with a third carrying a Frisbee.
ball white with grass. a brown a white and on playing has dog is the	a brown and white dog has is playing with a white ball on the grass.
walking snow. young the sidewalk towards kids the two of out	two young kids walking towards the sidewalk out of the snow.
a chases a on green dog animal white lawn. A	A dog chases a white animal on a green lawn.
from A the bird sky descending	A bird descending from the sky
A to cyclist performing a a is advertising black jump next banner.	A cyclist is performing a jump next to a black advertising banner.
young Two in are yard. and playing a laughing girls green grassy	Two young girls are playing and laughing in a green grassy yard.
sand. the in running other around are each Two dogs	Two dogs are running around each other in the sand.
field team A a during on game. the manager out football	A team manager out on the football field during a game.
in flies as the on A is air. doing bike boy tricks his he	A boy is doing tricks on his bike as he flies in the air.
Dog in snow. sits	Dog sits in snow.
forest. of the his man riding closeup A bicycle a through	A closeup of a man riding his bicycle through the forest.
on in steps on wearing background. Child a hat rocks water shore,	Child wearing a hat steps on rocks on shore, water in background.
of some trees. front in airborne skier A is	A skier is airborne in front of some trees.
of dogs Two wrestling a fireplace in front	Two dogs wrestling in front of a fireplace
dogs each with fighting two white other	two white dogs fighting with each other
at marketplace. outdoor an shopping People	People shopping at an outdoor marketplace.
a black path standing is man, the This in white t-shirt wearing forest. on shorts, a and	This man, wearing a white t-shirt and black shorts, is standing on a path in the forest.
a A trampoline. on bouncing boy	A boy bouncing on a trampoline.
field. in a from is dandelion green a green in girl the top seed a blowing a	a girl in a green top is blowing the seed from a dandelion in a green field.
A road on the a crosses busy lady crosswalk.	A lady crosses a busy road on the crosswalk.
in white hiker the formation rock A passes a an of desert. empty middle	A hiker passes a white rock formation in the middle of an empty desert.
the A road running person down	A person running down the road
rider on barrier. its back A horse a with a jumps brown	A brown horse with a rider on its back jumps a barrier.
small a dog A pool. swims in	A small dog swims in a pool.
boys tussle in a Two sand park. the at	Two boys tussle in the sand at a park.
surfers a are wave. waiting ocean out for Multiple in the	Multiple surfers are out in the ocean waiting for a wave.
holding hall a pool A talking stick pool a woman in to a man	A man holding a pool stick talking to a woman in a pool hall
restaraunt. of rides in a girl pink a in bicycle front A	A girl in a pink bicycle rides in front of a restaraunt.
of down valley woman hiking gear the on in a A mountain, the at looking below. top	A woman in hiking gear on the top of a mountain, looking down at the valley below.
with background. buildings colorful and backpack dreadlocks A in man the the walks a with down sidewalk	A man with dreadlocks and a backpack walks down the sidewalk with colorful buildings in the background.
to of spray a reacts A little water. girl	A little girl reacts to a spray of water.
in chasing ball A is a a dog backyard.	A dog is chasing a ball in a backyard.
snowy setting white in walk dogs a Two	Two white dogs walk in a snowy setting
on beach. standing A dog a	A dog standing on a beach.
racket. A girl a a in holds dress tennis	A girl in a dress holds a tennis racket.
in girl the playing a ocean beach. with pigtails the by is	a girl with pigtails is playing in the ocean by the beach.
batter A the the ball base. reaches while baseball player the catches	A baseball player catches the ball while the batter reaches the base.
player football football. tackling players a are carrying Football the	Football players are tackling a football player carrying the football.
railing stands with a sea at the bride. groom arm his the The by around	The groom stands at a railing by the sea with his arm around the bride.
man a firetruck his call and dogs stops a are A bridge, where at and makes a running.	A firetruck stops and makes a call at a bridge, where a man and his dogs are running.
A wearing on grass. and sandals the little boy a sits hat	A little boy wearing a hat and sandals sits on the grass.
for elderly An riding shoes. man sombrero wearing a a while mobility scooter shopping	An elderly man wearing a sombrero riding a mobility scooter while shopping for shoes.
hand that is standing down. up man A another that the man holding is sitting is of	A man that is standing up is holding the hand of another man that is sitting down.
blue a blocks. wearing A small shirt boy stacks wooden	A small boy wearing a blue shirt stacks wooden blocks.
speeding motorcyclist is a on road. A	A motorcyclist is speeding on a road.
window. of out a A is soldier looking	A soldier is looking out of a window.
of a in couple some standing front buildings people around with other hugging	a couple hugging with other people standing around in front of some buildings
players an a The basketball with nearby. making play opposing are audience	The opposing basketball players are making a play with an audience nearby.
is beach. a bush over jumping on A dog the	A dog is jumping over a bush on the beach.
run dogs yard. Three along a grassy	Three dogs run along a grassy yard.
the girls in play beach. Two	Two girls play in the beach.
running Light beach. along dog the brown	Light brown dog running along the beach.
woman man old a An and a embrace young on couch.	An old man and a young woman embrace on a couch.
with little mittens hello red in kitty snowsuit kid	little kid in red snowsuit with hello kitty mittens
in This little the and an girl man on water. innertube are relaxing	This man and little girl are relaxing in an innertube on the water.
bench sitting park on ladies a body water. a of are blond Two near hair	Two blond hair ladies are sitting on a park bench near a body of water.
jump pool. Three into a girls	Three girls jump into a pool.
with her plays the some with jewelry. girl A behind sun	A girl with the sun behind her plays with some jewelry.
attached a male rock whilst to rock face is climber climbing safety topless harness. A a	A male topless rock climber is climbing a rock face whilst attached to a safety harness.
at a for begs some dog local restaurant. The food	The dog begs for some food at a local restaurant.
a a over snowboarder jumps barrel.	a snowboarder jumps over a barrel.
of while are holding walking baskets and people rugs. numerous group A	A group of people are walking while holding numerous baskets and rugs.
rock posing a appears moss-covered a large, woman outcropping. to near This be	This appears to be a woman posing near a large, moss-covered rock outcropping.
dirt in A race. biker a participates	A dirt biker participates in a race.
on branch. A chewing puppy brown a tree	A brown puppy chewing on a tree branch.
tackling player crowd with the the the is watches. football player A football as	A football player is tackling the player with the football as the crowd watches.
and Two a guys smiling. girl	Two guys and a girl smiling.
snow. outside A with child	A child outside with snow.
brown play A dog. dog with a to trying white is	A white dog is trying to play with a brown dog.
wearing a helmet. in a A jacket florescent man is	A man in a florescent jacket is wearing a helmet.
at child exhibit. A an	A child at an exhibit.
a two under her boulder. An stands with children African woman	An African woman stands with her two children under a boulder.
is running through dog A some water.	A dog is running through some water.
Two platform. below whilst sitting a drink women	Two women drink whilst sitting below a platform.
car. an near silver in alley Several a dogs brawl	Several dogs brawl in an alley near a silver car.
a motorcycle A to racer sharp over take turn. leaning	A motorcycle racer leaning over to take a sharp turn.
flipping the Man with in air. pants blue	Man with blue pants flipping in the air.
bright holding street. a A pink city man up on umbrella a	A man holding up a bright pink umbrella on a city street.
the swims A ocean. dog in	A dog swims in the ocean.
multicolored ball Two playing in small a pen. girls	Two small girls playing in a multicolored ball pen.
riding bicycle down dirt trail. Woman on	Woman on bicycle riding down dirt trail.
young smiling A woman shirt at outdoors. table in a bandanna tourquoise poses and	A smiling young woman in a tourquoise shirt and bandanna poses at table outdoors.
dog a very running through area is white flowers. A with large wooded	A dog is running through a very wooded area with large white flowers.
Two on wrestling wasteland. dogs brown are with other some each	Two brown dogs are wrestling with each other on some wasteland.
the is A beach. dalmation running along	A dalmation is running along the beach.
demonstration. a A a man sign wearing sunglasses holds at	A man wearing sunglasses holds a sign at a demonstration.
stand her one in a on shoulders. women in colors Several holding line, child pastel	Several women in pastel colors stand in line, one holding a child on her shoulders.
with beachgoers. beach A crowded	A beach crowded with beachgoers.
on favorite lays ball his mouth. his tennis A a in back with dog	A dog lays on his back with a favorite tennis ball in his mouth.
of off wall. back jumping a man concrete flip a young a	a young man jumping a back flip off of a concrete wall.
the bicycle is her riding down street. A woman	A woman is riding her bicycle down the street.
at couple the and of is red A coat person of in the water. people body are standing pointing the	A couple of people are standing and the person in the red coat is pointing at the body of water.
a people raft a down on A going river. blue group of	A group of people on a blue raft going down a river.
brown is a water A running dog in with through mouth. stick its	A brown dog is running through water with a stick in its mouth.
cones background. orange observe course shorts as people bright along two the is A with skateboarding in man in a	A man in bright orange shorts is skateboarding along a course with cones as two people observe in the background.
railing. skating on is in man A green a a shirt	A man in a green shirt is skating on a railing.
towards playground. child face window pushes a A its a up of	A child pushes its face up towards a window of a playground.
car race his A driver accepts trophy.	A race car driver accepts his trophy.
people through looking fence. a Four are	Four people are looking through a fence.
man is up The air. the in	The man is up in the air.
woman with on a A woman baseball with another field a glove	A woman with a glove on a baseball field with another woman
young A a red and wearing blue using boy hat swing near a set. camera is a	A young boy wearing a blue and red hat is using a camera near a swing set.
view a girl a a behind blonde with dark ponytail from riding of A horse brown	A view from behind of a girl with a blonde ponytail riding a dark brown horse
person the is wearing blue with black shoes stripes. The white shorts in	The person in the blue shorts is wearing black shoes with white stripes.
Two concerned. girls very young looking	Two young girls looking very concerned.
jumping air. A dog into the	A dog jumping into the air.
is through dog water. swimming black the A	A black dog is swimming through the water.
a a riding fast down man red snowy a hill sled going	a man riding a red sled going fast down a snowy hill
is dog The the in running the water. grass to next	The dog is running in the grass next to the water.
a in A white is a cricket athletic man game. suit throwing ball in a	A man in a white athletic suit is throwing a ball in a cricket game.
A a on jumping course. rider, barrier a horse and	A horse and rider, jumping a barrier on a course.
table at one. newspaper reads for a man the A	A man reads the newspaper at a table for one.
racing other on skateboards. each Two men	Two men racing each other on skateboards.
girls yellow on large ball a indoors. Two bounce	Two girls bounce on a large yellow ball indoors.
hand with child's cross blue a waiting the to a holds while A street. Mohawk woman	A woman with a blue Mohawk holds a child's hand while waiting to cross the street.
are little cars a quaint European store parked by in street.	cars are parked by a little store in quaint European street.
Family small a in standing village.	Family standing in a small village.
children red sparring. in helmets arts with engage martial Two	Two children with red helmets engage in martial arts sparring.
from the swan taking A water. off	A swan taking off from the water.
Two on bikers muddy a course. BMX	Two BMX bikers on a muddy course.
wet water getting second One a shaking the dog off, dog	One dog shaking the water off, getting a second dog wet
A a skier snow-covered overlooking mountain. is	A skier is overlooking a snow-covered mountain.
a biker A a ramp. performing BMX on wall-ride	A BMX biker performing a wall-ride on a ramp.
dogs a down running of pack A are away trail.	A pack of dogs are running away down a trail.
basketball playing in grass the boy little	little boy playing basketball in the grass
woman public A in is rollerblading	A woman is rollerblading in public
at A marked machine pictures photographs. man look on a woman and " other people's a "	A man and a woman look at pictures on a machine marked " other people's photographs. "
of the black with water. is out A a red jumping collar dog	A black dog with a red collar is jumping out of the water.
on wearing a bikinis Two sandy women beach.	Two women wearing bikinis on a sandy beach.
a as boy violin a An watches. old park young a playing man at	An old man playing a violin at a park as a young boy watches.
dog black dog A chasing another along the is beach.	A black dog is chasing another dog along the beach.
on at the standing kayaks beside dusk. their men shore Two	Two men standing on the shore beside their kayaks at dusk.
a through on. A in while man red purple water wearing looks runs child splashing	A child wearing purple runs through splashing water while a man in red looks on.
A young cycles grey car. thin in woman a a by t-shirt green	A thin young woman in a green t-shirt cycles by a grey car.
white large in the plays A brown and water. dog	A brown and white large dog plays in the water.
people sit wall a against	people sit against a wall
a snarling A approaches cat. dog hissing	A snarling dog approaches a hissing cat.
mouth. in a A its Frisbee dog flexable catching	A dog catching a flexable Frisbee in its mouth.
dog A brown running the through ocean. is	A brown dog is running through the ocean.
the pool. underwater boys smiles at The	The boys smiles underwater at the pool.
around red sled. Large things on dog a pulling black is	Large black dog is pulling things around on a red sled.
pinata holds a above man boy as A him. blue holds a a stick,	A boy holds a blue stick, as a man holds a pinata above him.
with The toy dog plays a cat. near a purple	The dog plays with a purple toy near a cat.
race. he's in A looks like runs as he a man in pain	A man looks like he's in pain as he runs in a race.
competition, person a People a watching skateboarding while skateboards.	People watching a skateboarding competition, while a person skateboards.
player football tackling game. player in a Football another	Football player tackling another player in a football game.
young performing girl A nutcracker. the	A young girl performing the nutcracker.
boat man A sitting water. is end the on hit overlooking of the	A man is sitting on the end of hit boat overlooking the water.
woman in the her in black a with front of The is wall cement pointing shirt front in of her.	The woman in the black shirt is pointing in front of her with a cement wall in front of her.
Four pool. children in the	Four children in the pool.
coat bar. wearing candy A red is eating winter a and holding up a boy young	A young boy wearing a red winter coat is eating and holding up a candy bar.
an through jumps A orange grass legs. rope its and with under dog tall runs	A dog jumps and runs through tall grass with an orange rope under its legs.
his distance, handrail. the boy skateboard a In is a far down sliding	In the far distance, a boy is sliding his skateboard down a handrail.
museum. the at gather art many people	many people gather at the art museum.
dog walking in black its water beach. is stick a A of out the with a mouth onto	A black dog with a stick in its mouth is walking out of the water onto a beach.
outdoor tan pool. A into jumping colored is an dog	A tan colored dog is jumping into an outdoor pool.
dogs the medium sized across snow. run Two	Two medium sized dogs run across the snow.
tag a the on A man line going into water.	A man on a tag line going into the water.
walking in children Two small a field.	Two small children walking in a field.
into eyes are brunettes looking with brown camera. the Two	Two brunettes with brown eyes are looking into the camera.
with wearing him. behind man face a hat a A black a and coat makes crowd	A man wearing a black hat and coat makes a face with a crowd behind him.
are oversized Children with baseball. playing an outside	Children are outside playing with an oversized baseball.
sit campfire. group A a of before people	A group of people sit before a campfire.
herding small some sheep a dog tan	a small tan dog herding some sheep
in driver's sits seat, wheel. Little grabbing the boy steering car's	Little boy sits in car's driver's seat, grabbing the steering wheel.
running white and brown dog large dog. a alongside black one	one large brown dog running alongside a black and white dog.
a off rider a rider watches and ramp. jump sits bike fellow as A does a	A bike rider sits and watches as a fellow rider does a jump off a ramp.
A white leaps brown volleyball. a to the in dog catch air	A brown dog leaps in the air to catch a white volleyball.
A man in a silver a Mardi costume green and parade. in Gras	A man in a green and silver Mardi Gras costume in a parade.
dog large in the water. stands A	A large dog stands in the water.
on a water pool. throws in One another girl	One girl throws water on another in a pool.
the him. man setting with on behind sits sun A sailboat a	A man sits on a sailboat with the sun setting behind him.
racquet on a Two women are playing game beach. the	Two women are playing a racquet game on the beach.
in with a his baseball A mouth. dog	A dog with a baseball in his mouth.
a white dog, in dog, and all black a a standing A and field. black dog brown are	A brown dog, a black and white dog, and a black dog are all standing in a field.
Two horseshoes. playing are jeans wearing sunglasses men and	Two men wearing jeans and sunglasses are playing horseshoes.
A jumping boy a the from into rope water.	A boy jumping from a rope into the water.
its through man dog in cap. with mouth Frisbee next a brown in knit A pink air leaps a white the to a and young	A brown and white dog with a pink Frisbee in its mouth leaps through the air next to a young man in a knit cap.
a fountain are large under city. in Children the	Children are under a large fountain in the city.
standing children wall. Two a on	Two children standing on a wall.
man picture. An to the to and the smile points of the Asian right while something woman man	An Asian man and woman smile while the man points to something to the right of the picture.
holds a a a hat and cup. leans wearing against bench man A	A man wearing a hat leans against a bench and holds a cup.
driven carriage horse running a through a rainstorm.	a horse driven carriage running through a rainstorm.
cap A taking breath. a person with swim goggles and	A person with swim cap and goggles taking a breath.
middle eastern back a sitting people blue the of in are truck. Many	Many middle eastern people are sitting in the back of a blue truck.
over her little fence. a throws girl A in head leaves pink front a jacket of in	A little girl in a pink jacket throws leaves over her head in front of a fence.
crowd chess is over an match. The sized watching	The crowd is watching an over sized chess match.
a reading other and in wearing drink is man A glasses hand. the his cellphone holding	A man wearing glasses is reading his cellphone and holding a drink in the other hand.
white dog greyhound & the brown snow. sniffs A	A brown & white greyhound dog sniffs the snow.
player looks hockey downward. intently A	A hockey player looks intently downward.
racetrack. A is motorcycle on a yellow being ridden	A yellow motorcycle is being ridden on a racetrack.
control out car a A racetrack. goes silver on of	A silver car goes out of control on a racetrack.
A who is on a legs small on the lying puppy to bigger his bite stands stairs. dog hind	A small puppy stands on his hind legs to bite a bigger dog who is lying on the stairs.
biker terrain. a rocky A rides mountain across	A mountain biker rides across a rocky terrain.
pool. in wading his ball with A playing the dog	A dog playing with his ball in the wading pool.
the on soccer beach. play men young Two	Two young men play soccer on the beach.
a snowy near jackets a railing each two wearing men road on leaning	two men each wearing jackets leaning on a railing near a snowy road
man offstage. Woman at gestures event exchanges Amnesty with onstage International	Woman onstage at Amnesty International event exchanges gestures with man offstage.
to her playhouse. girl the A little stairs climbing	A little girl climbing the stairs to her playhouse.
a field vast of snow. in melting stands A person	A person stands in a vast field of melting snow.
a A with in toy its dog yellow mouth.	A dog with a yellow toy in its mouth.
lacross player oppenents hitting stick. A an	A lacross player hitting an oppenents stick.
forest. riding through mountain A professional a bike aerodynamic a gear man in	A man in aerodynamic gear riding a professional mountain bike through a forest.
A that walking looks the Lassie in like fields. dog	A dog that looks like Lassie walking in the fields.
of plays in a toys a fireplace. two soft with front black dog	a black dog plays with two soft toys in front of a fireplace.
doing on snowboard man A a jump a	A man doing a jump on a snowboard
quad sends into A air. flying dirt the	A quad sends dirt flying into the air.
grass. in the dog above The air is the	The dog is in the air above the grass.
A has tackling football tries the who player ball. player another	A football player tries tackling another player who has the ball.
Two belts in with men martial engage black arts.	Two men with black belts engage in martial arts.
a front people buildings. tree near in Several standing of	Several people standing near a tree in front of buildings.
a standing man A of is building. yellow outside	A man is standing outside of a yellow building.
boy a with hits racket. ball tennis a black yellow and A	A boy hits a tennis ball with a black and yellow racket.
a another basketball player. player defends	a basketball player defends another player.
white grass in is running big carring black stick. A a dog and	A black and white dog is running in grass carring a big stick.
right hair man with a doo-rag in camera. wearing long the stares A	A man wearing a doo-rag with long hair stares right in the camera.
A dog black swimming.	A black dog swimming.
grocery looking a display is woman A silver in shoulderbag a with case.	A woman with a silver shoulderbag is looking in a grocery display case.
jumping green snowboarder jacket a rainling a a green wearing	a snowboarder wearing a green jacket jumping a green rainling
on their people kneel arms raise snow them. mountains Two the with and behind	Two people kneel on the snow and raise their arms with mountains behind them.
and is row on a ground. are sitting white with children girl the standing smaller in backpack a A	A girl with a white backpack is standing and smaller children are sitting in a row on the ground.
A a camel. young feeding girl	A young girl feeding a camel.
mountain. in down a red skis person A pants	A person in red pants skis down a mountain.
purple has brown A a dog disc.	A brown dog has a purple disc.
plays A in flute the flautist band marching a	A flautist plays the flute in a marching band
a under pastor. newly by an umbrella wife held A is wed	A newly wed wife is under an umbrella held by a pastor.
marketplace is very This busy.	This marketplace is very busy.
posing holding A umbrella. lady while an	A lady posing while holding an umbrella.
A jump skate public over in bike cyclist airborne a park. and a is	A cyclist is airborne over a jump in a public skate and bike park.
with to smiling waists. inflatable Two boys water up play swimming on pool in an goggles their with	Two smiling boys with goggles on play in an inflatable swimming pool with water up to their waists.
root cap A red beer a pizza and and person holding in advertisements. hoodie	A person in a hoodie and red cap holding pizza and root beer advertisements.
the A male doing his a trick air in bike. on	A male doing a trick in the air on his bike.
shirt burn. red red a handkerchief flag man watching a and wearing while flannel The is	The man is wearing a red shirt and red flannel handkerchief while watching a flag burn.
a toy holding A a down while chases yellow it. runs dog another beach	A dog runs down a beach holding a yellow toy while another chases it.
on people vendor near a street. a Many stand fruit	Many people stand near a fruit vendor on a street.
A child. and woman a	A woman and a child.
a red in is outfit A jumping little on a trampoline. boy	A little boy in a red outfit is jumping on a trampoline.
The is yellow hat swimmer and and goggles. green a wearing	The swimmer is wearing a green and yellow hat and goggles.
barks at sheepdog cow. a A	A sheepdog barks at a cow.
men group A of play soccer.	A group of men play soccer.
people play Two outdoors.	Two people play outdoors.
with snow black their mouths. toys in dogs Two in running	Two black dogs running in snow with toys in their mouths.
A costume. child person large bee a hugging a in	A child hugging a person in a large bee costume.
stairs. some young up kids walk Two	Two young kids walk up some stairs.
bridge the into off water. Boys a jump	Boys jump off a bridge into the water.
fight. a Children pillow having	Children having a pillow fight.
a is run. crafted on snowboarder a ski jump A attempting	A snowboarder is attempting a jump on a crafted ski run.
finger are a down nails. their and biting both and child An adult sitting	An adult and a child sitting down and both are biting their finger nails.
snow Two swing and the hats tire kids in coats out are in and blue green a swinging on snow.	Two kids in snow hats and blue and green coats are swinging on a tire swing out in the snow.
white dog thin through is snow. running a	a thin white dog is running through snow.
pool. are swimming into People diving a	People are diving into a swimming pool.
with head mud covered riding a toe to motorcyclist	a motorcyclist riding covered head to toe with mud
owl in flying pale daytime. the is A outside	A pale owl is flying outside in the daytime.
empty bowls. a brown lips standing two next whilst licking is dog its feeding to	a brown dog is licking its lips whilst standing next to two empty feeding bowls.
dogs Three snow. in meet the	Three dogs meet in the snow.
and camera. puppy white Black gnaws	Black and white puppy gnaws camera.
colored in woman in middle stands brightly A the costumes. dressed man of two	A man stands in the middle of two woman dressed in brightly colored costumes.
going is wearing red mountain. a snowboarder A a down jacket	A snowboarder wearing a red jacket is going down a mountain.
the The little smile boy for the in stops red shirt camera. to	The little boy in the red shirt stops to smile for the camera.
along blue Biker trail. riding rustric helmet with	Biker with blue helmet riding along rustric trail.
people a dry motorbikes on follow through trail grass. Three	Three people on motorbikes follow a trail through dry grass.
sprawling out her limbs girl pink midair. shirt a A in is in	A girl in a pink shirt is sprawling her limbs out in midair.
the on beach playing with dog. their is family A	A family is playing on the beach with their dog.
grass the A playing on dog green is	A dog is playing on the green grass
several people. person sled A over a rides	A person rides a sled over several people.
behind from a out girl A tree. peaking little is	A little girl is peaking out from behind a tree.
hiking backpack forest in front with A in lake background. with standing the on a man a of is a	A man with a hiking backpack on is standing in front of a lake with a forest in the background.
mouth. newspaper running a dog A in with its	A dog running with a newspaper in its mouth.
hiking mountain. backpacker near A snowy a	A backpacker hiking near a snowy mountain.
dog a running and in grass A of flowers. field	A dog running in a field of grass and flowers.
coming road. in around bend are competing Cyclists race in a the a	Cyclists competing in a race are coming around a bend in the road.
in horizon. sun playing with Child waves on the	Child playing in waves with sun on the horizon.
Two table. to women next picnic a	Two women next to a picnic table.
boods is and girl through in coat puddle. The a pink a pink wading	The girl in a pink coat and pink boods is wading through a puddle.
child a hits A baseball.	A child hits a baseball.
dog and large dog. fighting large brown a black another with black	a large black dog fighting with another large brown and black dog.
catch Frisbee watches. jumps a man as dog A a to	A dog jumps to catch a Frisbee as a man watches.
at standing tide beach. in men the a Three	Three men standing in the tide at a beach.
pan. frying holding a Hands	Hands holding a frying pan.
white path cycles Man diry gloves wearing bike and through helmet	Man cycles through diry bike path wearing white helmet and gloves
on court. a tennis A jumping child	A child jumping on a tennis court.
basketball, ready a shot. boy, is take getting A to playing young	A young boy, playing basketball, is getting ready to take a shot.
child A holding a unicycle. on the a of a in woman helmet hand red	A woman holding the hand of a child in a red helmet on a unicycle.
cat the snow. outside in A woman and a are	A woman and a cat are outside in the snow.
carrying by orange and Two in side run is its one an brown dogs container mouth. side dog	Two brown dogs run side by side and one dog is carrying an orange container in its mouth.
A girl tire off swing swinging a young	A young girl swinging off a tire swing
a and boys Two ball	Two boys and a ball
A beer. tank top pink in a female drinking	A female in a pink tank top drinking beer.
in colored Two light running the grass. dogs	Two light colored dogs running in the grass.
jumping sunglasses in beach. kid on the A with	A kid with sunglasses in jumping on the beach.
a canoe with holds paddle dog. his a wooden man The in	The man holds a wooden paddle in a canoe with his dog.
a large a wearing skateboarding inside building. rock adolescent blue a of An shirt on is striped	An adolescent wearing a blue striped shirt is skateboarding on a rock inside of a large building.
a ball. terrier leaps A after fox	A fox terrier leaps after a ball.
on People fair. a a at ride	People on a ride at a fair.
in chair reading outside a Man	Man reading in a chair outside
a woman A laughing holding girl. little	A laughing woman holding a little girl.
riding girls Two on swings.	Two girls riding on swings.
man shirt dark a with in sunglasses blue skinned	dark skinned man with sunglasses in a blue shirt
jumping dog a dock A water. into black from	A black dog jumping from a dock into water.
standing red wading backpack the in side in Young with onlooker on and pool shirt girl	Young girl in wading pool with onlooker in red shirt and backpack standing on the side
small terrier pushing a his dog A face with watches. brown Boston large dog is while anouther	A large brown dog is pushing a small Boston terrier with his face while anouther dog watches.
plays black small gym. jungle outdoor A on child an	A small black child plays on an outdoor jungle gym.
A the air flies above through snowboarder the snow.	A snowboarder flies through the air above the snow.
a camel feeding is girl A	A girl is feeding a camel
man shirt in and a black nearby. a in pants walking a a and stand jeans front black with of shirt flowery in others beside woman walks A refreshment	A man in a black shirt and jeans walks beside a woman in black pants and a flowery shirt in front of a refreshment stand with others walking nearby.
other grass. young hug two girls the each in	two young girls hug each other in the grass.
the their dogs with identical air. in in noses brown water the Two	Two identical brown dogs in the water with their noses in the air.
skiers group up going mountain a a of	a group of skiers going up a mountain
Two outdoors women bags talk. with and their older stand	Two older women stand outdoors with their bags and talk.
brown snow them sky. in there have and are the mountains clouds The on	The brown mountains have snow on them and there are clouds in the sky.
maneuver the doing a in A skateboarder air.	A skateboarder doing a maneuver in the air.
for Three event sporting a crowd ball a watches. as the jump in men up	Three men jump up for the ball in a sporting event as a crowd watches.
group people a A behind wait metal fence. of	A group of people wait behind a metal fence.
through dog walks with A the red grass. head small its on ribbon a	A small dog with a red ribbon on its head walks through the grass.
a her a a little on woman front of ties in it man girls sleeping with bench shoes	a woman ties her little girls shoes in front of a bench with a man sleeping on it
another a One on pushes boy swing.	One boy pushes another on a swing.
football A from a takes boy another boy.	A boy takes a football from another boy.
the man a lighting building. a outside The back is cigarette of	The man is lighting a cigarette outside the back of a building.
a man watching do another pose a man kissing	a man watching another man do a kissing pose
man dog in A the with sidecar. motorcycle a his rides	A man rides a motorcycle with his dog in the sidecar.
and are some there are around the on wall. photographs gathered People	People are gathered around and there are some photographs on the wall.
pop trying are to balloons people carnival playing game a	people are playing a carnival game trying to pop balloons
rides city scooter crowded Segway boy through A a plaza. a	A boy rides a Segway scooter through a crowded city plaza.
large is retrieving yellow stick. A dog a	A large yellow dog is retrieving a stick.
an on A playground being little boy older by person pushed	A little boy being pushed by an older person on playground
is a flip in yard. helping red man with do One man another shorts the back	One man is helping another man with red shorts do a back flip in the yard.
There and a on is shirt blue with a holding a coat on man cups. with man gray	There is a man with a blue shirt on and man with a gray coat on holding cups.
pajamas man barefoot while on the his is tennis sky looking the walking court. in A toward	A barefoot man in his pajamas is looking toward the sky while walking on the tennis court.
girl in A bathing beach. on blue the is away a water the suit from walking	A girl in a blue bathing suit is walking away from the water on the beach.
rests mountain summit. group at the A climbers of	A group of mountain climbers rests at the summit.
dog is small black while down The brown laying it. dog is the biting	The small brown dog is laying down while the black dog is biting it.
leaving a A sparkler trail. light spins child a	A child spins a sparkler leaving a light trail.
the boy background. A little a go grinning with cart in	A little boy grinning with a go cart in the background.
on embankment a A dog. sandy near jumps another dog	A dog jumps on a sandy embankment near another dog.
all and dog yellow in off ground and with tan object paws mouth. Black	Black and tan dog with all paws off ground and yellow object in mouth.
Golden red through water in swimming a Labrador toy its is with mouth. A	A Golden Labrador is swimming through water with a red toy in its mouth.
shorts soccer A air. black player jumping in into the is	A soccer player in black shorts is jumping into the air.
A hill snow a covered running dog down	A dog running down a snow covered hill
riding woods. dirt red in helmet the with bike Biker	Biker with helmet riding red dirt bike in the woods.
playing a female soccer. male young A watches	A male watches a young female playing soccer.
front missing tooth, in girl with Blond pool.	Blond girl with missing front tooth, in pool.
deck pink is laying a pink is towel. a a with A in covered that on lounge bikini woman chair	A woman in a pink bikini is laying on a deck lounge chair that is covered with a pink towel.
into people hole. a repel down two	two people repel down into a hole.
on looking A is girl in bunch white a people sitting ground. the at of down shirt a	A girl in a white shirt is looking down at a bunch of people sitting on the ground.
sits pole camping fishing and empty Man with chair. near water	Man sits near water with fishing pole and empty camping chair.
long holding a walking A haired away railing. onto beside a canal whist man	A long haired man walking away beside a canal whist holding onto a railing.
a game ice. A the hockey goalie in on	A hockey goalie in a game on the ice.
first a a up. A makes runner catch as baseman comes	A first baseman makes a catch as a runner comes up.
with playing are leaves Children autumn. in the	Children are playing with leaves in the autumn.
another boy trampoline. boy jumps One a on over	One boy jumps over another boy on a trampoline.
A biker a ramp. on does a trick	A biker does a trick on a ramp.
amusement People on ride. an park	People on an amusement park ride.
on dress flower is a running A in sand. girl	A girl in a flower dress is running on sand.
navigates A motorcyclist trail. forest a	A motorcyclist navigates a forest trail.
A skiers of incline up the group head an in snow.	A group of skiers head up an incline in the snow.
jacket blond along walks fence. wearing side a A on girl green metal trail a a	A blond girl wearing a green jacket walks on a trail along side a metal fence.
face. woman lay woman a goofy bed, a the makes A and man on young	A young man and woman lay on a bed, the woman makes a goofy face.
mountain. man A down a snowy repels	A man repels down a snowy mountain.
a A kid a woods through white shirt bike and with helmet riding the	A kid with a white shirt and helmet riding a bike through the woods
on wooden Children standing and climbing over a water. bridge	Children climbing and standing on a wooden bridge over water.
jump. wet clears spaniel A a	A wet spaniel clears a jump.
white, A and dark-haired to throw put. woman, wearing a 528, shot number preparing young red is	A dark-haired young woman, number 528, wearing red and white, is preparing to throw a shot put.
playground. at baby a crawls A	A baby crawls at a playground.
and Two in field. the a white something running grassy look in toward while air dogs black	Two black and white dogs look toward something in the air while running in a grassy field.
A metal dark railing man colored shoes on by with is off. a newspapers his laying	A dark colored man is laying on newspapers by a metal railing with his shoes off.
A in ball wading with in mouth the dog his water a	A dog wading in the water with a ball in his mouth
down looks summit from climber A mountain the	A mountain climber looks down from the summit
child in running. black A shirt, a	A child in a black shirt, running.
ride. on amusement an Five girls	Five girls on an amusement ride.
on to her The bend girl stand her is and how teaching instructor little ski knees the ski's.	The ski instructor is teaching the little girl how to bend her knees and stand on her ski's.
water. Two ankle-deep in dogs	Two dogs ankle-deep in water.
small carries while dog a A stick and swimming. black white	A small black and white dog carries a stick while swimming.
bird is a A a waterfall. overlooking standing on rock	A bird is standing on a rock overlooking a waterfall.
playing toy red fetch dogs with black two a	two black dogs playing fetch with a red toy
Two people, a glasses. costume, funny is whom wearing of Santa pose one in	Two people, one of whom is in a Santa costume, pose wearing funny glasses.
dirt people A of are on riding a couple ATV's track.	A couple of people are riding ATV's on a dirt track.
A ball kicks girl a	A girl kicks a ball
with posing instruments. Three men	Three men posing with instruments.
through and leaves the the underbrush. brown The bounds dog	The brown dog bounds through the leaves and the underbrush.
hair little dark blowing A with girl bubbles.	A little girl with dark hair blowing bubbles.
two black at toys man in A a fairground. soft stands between huge	A man in black stands between two huge soft toys at a fairground.
a the reading laying is The man field book. in	The man is laying in the field reading a book.
cutting a man up A yellow food on some board.	A man cutting up some food on a yellow board.
group walk gaurdian eat and their cream. of boardwalk the ice and on children A	A group of children and their gaurdian walk on the boardwalk and eat ice cream.
tossed around blue in river. People a foamy raft a in are	People are tossed around in a blue raft in a foamy river.
jumps a cement A a off in tan blue wall. of person jacket	A person in a blue jacket jumps off of a tan cement wall.
A with overlooking sea. stands at night on woman a the boardwalk children	A woman stands with children on a boardwalk at night overlooking the sea.
Falcon rodent. on closing in	Falcon closing in on rodent.
little dog the running snow. A brown is in	A little brown dog is running in the snow.
reaching slide of little a girl is just bottom playground the a	a little girl is just reaching the bottom of a playground slide
white with sidewalk. down walks the A dreadlocks man	A white man with dreadlocks walks down the sidewalk.
high climber approaches a the surrounding of cliff top terrain. the A above	A climber approaches the top of a cliff high above the surrounding terrain.
the man a in juggles dark. staff flaming A	A man juggles a flaming staff in the dark.
college In the Fall, return their students schools. to	In the Fall, college students return to their schools.
hair A crowd. green hoops with a before woman hula	A woman with green hair hula hoops before a crowd.
a store are city street. Two on a people standing outside	Two people are standing outside a store on a city street.
with a Two playing sweaters toy. in babies	Two babies in sweaters playing with a toy.
net. oppose the players basketball other Two at each	Two basketball players oppose each other at the net.
a boy is The truck. on toy riding	The boy is riding on a toy truck.
jumps dog A the surf. in wet	A wet dog jumps in the surf.
is car. driver a at wheel the of race A	A driver is at the wheel of a race car.
in shoes green child A staring down drain. a	A child in green shoes staring down a drain.
columns A twilight. a coat in red picture a takes marble near woman at	A woman in a red coat takes a picture near marble columns at twilight.
backwards A cap. baseball wearing a man	A man wearing a backwards baseball cap.
man walks dog in the a street. his	a man walks his dog in the street.
on to attempting ball. dog a A red chew	A dog attempting to chew on a red ball.
a over midair yellow large a object. A in girl in pink dress	A girl in a pink dress in midair over a large yellow object.
a doing snowboarder one-handed A armstand.	A snowboarder doing a one-handed armstand.
who A pony. petting is a baby man holding a	A man holding a baby who is petting a pony.
at a park. child is playing A	A child is playing at a park.
checking cellphone girl A with while her on friend fence skate ice her on. a looks sits	A girl with ice skate sits on a fence checking her cellphone while her friend looks on.
climb a waterfall rock Three men natural face.	Three men climb a natural waterfall rock face.
holds A wooden a little stick. girl	A little girl holds a wooden stick.
a dog legs up its yard. rears hind on A in	A dog rears up on its hind legs in a yard.
wearing in a girl midair young jump a pink leotard	a young girl wearing a pink leotard jump in midair
a a in at display carnival A couple awe gazes at	A couple gazes in awe at a display at a carnival
Biden for candidate mate. supporter cheers his An Obama Presidential and the running	An Obama Biden supporter cheers for the Presidential candidate and his running mate.
walking A of men. group	A group of walking men.
shore yellow back to after tennis ball. a dog A brown swims retrieving	A brown dog swims back to shore after retrieving a yellow tennis ball.
while A black in woman yells air leaps the in the dog background. a	A black dog leaps in the air while a woman yells in the background.
shirt arms a poses smiling without with child wet, A raised.	A wet, smiling child without a shirt poses with arms raised.
a two in wrestling grassy are field. dogs	two dogs are wrestling in a grassy field.
a show, At dog dog jumps small man. an on older outdoor an very	At an outdoor dog show, a very small dog jumps on an older man.
down of a hill. side coasting the snowboarder snowy A	A snowboarder coasting down the side of a snowy hill.
of for University Florida quarterback	quarterback for University of Florida
A running is a race. young boy	A young boy is running a race.
giving piggy A is a a floor. on back boy little man the	A man is giving a little boy a piggy back on the floor.
dog catch jumping and brown red a is A ball. to black	A brown and black dog is jumping to catch a red ball.
she's photographed down woman from a behind a as walking sidewalk	a woman photographed from behind as she's walking down a sidewalk
with woman snow Heavy in a set cat	Heavy set woman in snow with a cat
shot long-distance A people and animals. beach with a of	A long-distance shot of a beach with people and animals.
yard. a dog is A brown water splashing in	A brown dog is splashing water in a yard.
dog circumvents a snowy fence yard. wooden a in black A	A black dog circumvents a wooden fence in a snowy yard.
young laughing. woman A	A young woman laughing.
a a chasing bison grassy plain. black across lioness a is	a lioness is chasing a black bison across a grassy plain.
man ramp jumps his on A a off bike.	A man jumps off a ramp on his bike.
Horse a rider and barrier over leap	Horse and rider leap over a barrier
along busy street A city people many it. walking with	A busy city street with many people walking along it.
their on racing many bicycles. There men are	There are many men racing on their bicycles.
a a is jump shot making uniforms. wearing player a in against black A uniform white basketball team	A basketball player in a white uniform is making a jump shot against a team wearing black uniforms.
flash boys young Three smile. and hands signs their with	Three young boys flash signs with their hands and smile.
girl young water. A playing a of fountain in is	A young girl is playing in a fountain of water.
child holding young blonde an airplane. A	A young blonde child holding an airplane.
tent are up the around of a standing horses in front in Three men mountains. pack red	Three men are standing around pack horses in front of a red tent up in the mountains.
a for picture people in pose a gym. Five	Five people pose for a picture in a gym.
the ball. in air A black jumps to and dog brown catch soccer a	A black and brown dog jumps in the air to catch a soccer ball.
jacket, and shirt and pointing horizontally-striped man a dark on sidewalk. a at with red white black something standing A while a glasses,	A man with dark glasses, a black jacket, and a white and red horizontally-striped shirt pointing at something while standing on a sidewalk.
beach. playfully chase the each Two fight sandy brown with other on dogs and	Two brown dogs chase and playfully fight with each other on the sandy beach.
boy with little bib a is watching A the on camera.	A little boy with a bib on is watching the camera.
underwater pool. holds a breath girl in A her	A girl holds her breath underwater in a pool.
white a A black dog and terrain. dog and in brown sandy	A white and black dog and a brown dog in sandy terrain.
A a bending person on and items. small over looking leash is through holding dog a	A person holding a small dog on a leash is bending over and looking through items.
Three dancing musicians. in couple of of front girls a	Three girls dancing in front of a couple of musicians.
alike who while from in men sit drink them chairs, look of Four glasses. two	Four men who look alike sit in chairs, while two of them drink from glasses.
girls ground on two sitting	two girls sitting on ground
boy the with playing snow. smiling hat in A	A smiling boy with hat playing in the snow.
mountain. A near person a sits	A person sits near a mountain.
while bike older boy alongside. Boy riding runs	Boy riding bike while older boy runs alongside.
a bicyclist tightrope. watch Children perform a on	Children watch a bicyclist perform on a tightrope.
of One monkey near monkey wooden top another is a structure. on jumping	One monkey is jumping near another monkey on top of a wooden structure.
arms his standing rocks. holding on down upside Man in boy	Man holding boy upside down in his arms standing on rocks.
men two man watching. fire with on Stunt	Stunt man on fire with two men watching.
green on slides girl a a playground. young A slide plastic down	A young girl slides down a green plastic slide on a playground.
and trick a does Little a skateboard. shorts with boy grey shirt on red	Little boy with red shirt and grey shorts does a trick on a skateboard.
pink runs young girl grass. shorts through A waring	A young girl waring pink shorts runs through grass.
is walking field. man A along a	A man is walking along a field.
A kicks a and black and yellow black in ball. blue child	A child in yellow and black kicks a blue and black ball.
coming of boy the pool. out A	A boy coming out of the pool.
hikers hillside. walk the five down	five hikers walk down the hillside.
on men a run outside. Two track young	Two young men run on a track outside.
and wielding cricketer a with a white suit guard. A wears helmet face a black	A cricketer wielding a wears a white suit and black helmet with a face guard.
listens playing young elderly boy violin to The the park. gentleman at the	The young boy listens to the elderly gentleman playing violin at the park.
a ice walking People center. rink the by outdoor with in an tree	People walking by an outdoor ice rink with a tree in the center.
forward snow. skier the is The leaning in	The skier is leaning forward in the snow.
branch the the from water. retrieves The dog	The dog retrieves the branch from the water.
camera and walk woman the away redheaded from direction. man in other as a man A walks the	A man and woman walk away from the camera as a redheaded man walks in the other direction.
up microphone. brush mouth into his if a a bath singing holding bubble laying a child yellow a is in scrubbing to as	a child is laying in a bubble bath holding a yellow scrubbing brush up to his mouth as if singing into a microphone.
a department fire " uniform. in " A is dressed woman	A woman is dressed in a " fire department " uniform.
side of The rocks. the the throwing at is river boy little	The little boy is at the side of the river throwing rocks.
sand the in on are an a bridge. on of sitting front Two girls ATV	Two girls are sitting on an ATV on the sand in front of a bridge.
jumping in front of a his bike lone bicyclist graffitied wall. on a	a lone bicyclist jumping on his bike in front of a graffitied wall.
by small a clothing. in colonial sit and table woman man a A	A man and a woman sit by a small table in colonial clothing.
sun snowy of on low in are A is ridge the in silhouette a people line the sky. when seen	A line of people are seen in silhouette on a snowy ridge when the sun is low in the sky.
Two girls a are on together sitting spinning platform.	Two girls are sitting together on a spinning platform.
A dock and woman together. a are a sitting man on	A man and a woman are sitting on a dock together.
brown dog biting horse's leg. A a	A brown dog biting a horse's leg.
in children sprinkler a group a playing of	a group of children playing in a sprinkler
fence. green beside runs Orange on dirt dog	Orange dog runs on dirt beside green fence.
person volleyball over net opponent a in A her hits pool. a to yellow the	A person hits a yellow volleyball over the net to her opponent in a pool.
white brown dog a some swimming in and pool the towards	a brown and white dog swimming towards some in the pool
a hair. robot with short A small child high-fiving yellow	A yellow robot high-fiving a small child with short hair.
standing leaves. dog fallen white on A	A white dog standing on fallen leaves.
are orange kayaking, Two guys blue, down a one one creek.	Two guys are kayaking, one orange one blue, down a creek.
basketball by with at other man game. runs Man a	Man runs by other man with basketball at a game.
coat. an apple A wears a girl, themed woman holding who	A woman holding a girl, who wears an apple themed coat.
A an trick. is red-clothed performing snowboarder aerial	A red-clothed snowboarder is performing an aerial trick.
outside. A Collie and Spaniel playing Springer a	A Collie and a Springer Spaniel playing outside.
playing man man is in blue. the The white basketball against in	The man in white is playing basketball against the man in blue.
in shrubs. of stands A young front some woman	A young woman stands in front of some shrubs.
man at A freefall point a observing. in others are which from is	A man is in freefall from a point at which others are observing.
orange an area. with in A an backpack man bushy	A man with an orange backpack in an bushy area.
hugging. a little smiling are on lake in Two girls boat a	Two smiling little girls in a boat on a lake are hugging.
is puppy drinking a water attached wall. to tap from a white white A	A white puppy is drinking water from a tap attached to a white wall.
a standing are on the clouds. Eight people hill above	Eight people are standing on a hill above the clouds.
fire. People a out putting	People putting out a fire.
soil. men working tools Several with are gardening the	Several men with gardening tools are working the soil.
child woman's in a A sprinkles confetti hair.	A child sprinkles confetti in a woman's hair.
while looks going over are the skii people Two jump one a into camera.	Two people are going over a skii jump while one looks into the camera.
A back of of a takes a in truck. man a van the yellow picture	A man in the back of a van takes a picture of a yellow truck.
on People the a with drawing writing and are marker. of person back another	People are writing and drawing on the back of another person with a marker.
a wearing past a The walks bicycle. bow woman red	The woman wearing a red bow walks past a bicycle.
in and feather on a A red young woman sidewalk. sequined the stands costume	A young woman in a red sequined costume and feather stands on the sidewalk.
jacket guy has blue hat a white on. The in the	The guy in the white jacket has a blue hat on.
brush. run dogs through Two the	Two dogs run through the brush.
the American of ball. strip the side the is down with a red field footballer An running in	An American footballer in a red strip is running down the side of the field with the ball.
ground. trick on man snowy a A skateboard does	A man does a skateboard trick on snowy ground.
boy basketball. playing A young	A young boy playing basketball.
shirt black in reaches a a white for stove kitchen child a	a child in a black shirt reaches for a white kitchen stove
The the water. is girl hair of her taking out	The girl is taking her hair out of the water.
other. at A and girl each boy look	A girl and boy look at each other.
Two rafting rocky people gear riverbank, the pointing in dry, at on standing a river.	Two people in rafting gear standing on a dry, rocky riverbank, pointing at the river.
climbing snowy ski or side to her poles. the person up fetch a A of mountain his	A person climbing up the side of a snowy mountain to fetch his or her ski poles.
pose sidewalk, a on one holding Three boys boy camera.	Three boys pose on sidewalk, one boy holding a camera.
A white is and a man in hat speaking. blue shirt	A man in a white shirt and blue hat is speaking.
with markers. A colors girl	A girl colors with markers.
and the white background. with across is Brown dirt trotting trees in dog	Brown and white dog is trotting across dirt with trees in the background.
woman are a and A man smiling.	A man and a woman are smiling.
A in front man of Arch. stands Gateway the	A man stands in front of the Gateway Arch.
with an on blue jacket A man stands sand background. orange a in sky	A man in an orange jacket stands on sand with a blue sky background.
A dog a dirt field running white on	A white dog running on a dirt field
grass. wearing in sweaters the dogs Two play	Two dogs wearing sweaters play in the grass.
a a a with sign. hat is coat A red holding and blue up man	A man with a blue coat and a red hat is holding up a sign.
brown runs A a dog along fence.	A brown dog runs along a fence.
filled water. a holding dog, red splashes ball, vegetation through A	A red dog, holding a ball, splashes through vegetation filled water.
sunglasses filled with with child A dirt. and a shirt	A child with sunglasses and a shirt filled with dirt.
in A on a a child stream. rock	A child on a rock in a stream.
climbs distance in the rock in person the A woods.	A person in the distance rock climbs in the woods.
hikes mountainside. a steep, frozen Someone down	Someone hikes down a steep, frozen mountainside.
sailboat A the sunrise. water at in	A sailboat in the water at sunrise.
walks down holding city A couple a street hands.	A couple walks down a city street holding hands.
run shore water. through towards Two shallow dogs	Two dogs run towards shore through shallow water.
man on at lit A dusk headlights. only stands road, almost-pristine, an snowy by	A man stands at dusk on an almost-pristine, snowy road, lit only by headlights.
in boat rapids. a paddles A through the kayaker green	A kayaker in a green boat paddles through the rapids.
starring A brown each are black at other. and dog	A black and brown dog are starring at each other.
friends making Three faces the for camera.	Three friends making faces for the camera.
needlepoint A does while Mexico woman tending a store. in	A woman in Mexico does needlepoint while tending a store.
a a wears his man net mouth and a hair A mask by wall. around brick	A man wears a mask around his mouth and a hair net by a brick wall.
a Two kids behind woman from enthusiastically a wave and window.	Two kids and a woman wave enthusiastically from behind a window.
handrail. skater does a on A trick a yellow	A skater does a trick on a yellow handrail.
by inside snow. poses of A a person surrounded tent	A person poses inside of a tent surrounded by snow.
in Two dogs golden two people snow. the walking are	Two people are walking two golden dogs in the snow.
is colored water. walking dog A through golden large,	A large, golden colored dog is walking through water.
plays grass among some headband brown a A a with wearing dog white in the reindeer animals. christmas dog stuffed	A white dog wearing a christmas reindeer headband plays with a brown dog in the grass among some stuffed animals.
six rope in ocean. the girls a hold	six girls hold a rope in the ocean.
a playing are on playground. Two boys little	Two little boys are playing on a playground.
canopy. in are framed white a glass Some people seats under sitting	Some people are sitting in seats under a white framed glass canopy.
line sitting motorcycles. A people are of on their	A line of people are sitting on their motorcycles.
an dogs leaping them of two Four air. in unseen the object, watch	Four dogs watch an unseen object, two of them leaping in the air.
with shirt pants a climbing black rock. red Person and	Person with red shirt and black pants climbing a rock.
rain in few small cars around a racing track a different the	a few different small cars racing around a track in the rain
and sits a gray bed looks dog black at A and brown dog. and white on a	A brown and black dog sits on a bed and looks at a gray and white dog.
ollie an hair a over is skateboard. with brown A with youth bench doing his	A youth with brown hair is doing an ollie over a bench with his skateboard.
obstacle. woman an a on A horse jumps	A woman on a horse jumps an obstacle.
dog the through snow. runs a	a dog runs through the snow.
looking rolled through Four children booklets. up	Four children looking through rolled up booklets.
A guy something the at videotaping beach. shirtless around turned	A shirtless guy turned around videotaping something at the beach.
staircase midair skateboarder a in and large A above handrail.	A skateboarder in midair above a large staircase and handrail.
an the man object his down A while his holds with street. bike hand riding	A man holds an object with his hand while riding his bike down the street.
standing man over the a are dog A on fallen a tree has to and that ground.	A man and a dog are standing on a tree that has fallen over to the ground.
a holds water his woman into boy as the jumps young A arms.	A young boy jumps into the water as a woman holds his arms.
a fetches A bird. dog dead black	A black dog fetches a dead bird.
plays tight Band in quarters.	Band plays in tight quarters.
in blue kiddie Child splashing pool blue in trunks	Child in blue trunks splashing in blue kiddie pool
a man over. wheeled topples riding vehicle A three	A man riding a three wheeled vehicle topples over.
tripod is man feild kneeling to of A next a and tulips. a	A man is kneeling next to a tripod and a feild of tulips.
of line dancing people group a dim A large room. in	A large group of people line dancing in a dim room.
player in rugby arm ball carrying colored rugby outstretched. gear light dark A a is with	A rugby player in dark gear is carrying a light colored rugby ball with arm outstretched.
in catches toy and white midair. a black A dog	A black and white dog catches a toy in midair.
in the the beach. Three water dogs running are on	Three dogs are running in the water on the beach.
on walks another man sits toward man him. a bench while A	A man sits on a bench while another man walks toward him.
riding people roller A yellow a of group coaster.	A group of people riding a yellow roller coaster.
ball a young a with man bat. hitting A	A young man hitting a ball with a bat.
face. A climbing rock a girl	A girl climbing a rock face.
camera. at smiles the in man a black fedora A	A man in a black fedora smiles at the camera.
a People arriving. street city police on with gathered are vehicles	People are gathered on a city street with police vehicles arriving.
paint wearing outside. body People	People wearing body paint outside.
with blonde on sweater. a and hair A putting woman smiling is white	A woman with blonde hair is smiling and putting on a white sweater.
a store. man are A and outside standing woman	A man and woman are standing outside a store.
dog a is running dark brown along A outside. fence	A dark brown dog is running along a fence outside.
helmet. bikini walks a carries girl and in outfit skimpy A a	A girl in a skimpy bikini outfit walks and carries a helmet.
Frisbee. catching A a dog	A dog catching a Frisbee.
holding jacket man a a a A animal leash in on small white blue	A man in a blue jacket holding a small white animal on a leash
A a a forest. stick dog in over jumps	A dog jumps over a stick in a forest.
cat biting red tabby white A a on a orange an collar in dog bed.	A white dog in a red collar biting an orange tabby cat on a bed.
on sunny, A a dog green lawn. running	A dog running on a sunny, green lawn.
is colored holding one eggs the is child a Easter of small and a basket picking up grass. A pink from brightly	A small child is holding a basket of brightly colored Easter eggs and is picking up a pink one from the grass.
a jungle girls gym. A on climbs	A girls climbs on a jungle gym.
dirt. a A wearing in is brown dog the playing key	A brown dog wearing a key is playing in the dirt.
is swinging. girl A	A girl is swinging.
in A with one up a lagging trail behind. of person people matching hiking group outfits	A group of people in matching outfits hiking up a trail with one person lagging behind.
blonde shirt. woman white smiling a at newspaper the man in the The is holding	The blonde woman holding a newspaper is smiling at the man in the white shirt.
boys three grinding, observing other Young man	Young man grinding, three other boys observing
way through horizon navigates the tangled as roots. trees to Tall reach the cyclist a the	Tall trees reach to the horizon as a cyclist navigates the way through the tangled roots.
person on a A bike. bmx	A person on a bmx bike.
in There next hat headphones his is neck a guy guy to with screen. off a around looking a	There is a guy with headphones around his neck next to a guy in a hat looking off screen.
makes through Rover a Land A way its pond. deep	A Land Rover makes its way through a deep pond.
red and bus. person front stands of in A white a	A person stands in front of a white and red bus.
fur dog put black head has with underwater. A its	A dog with black fur has put its head underwater.
the dog runs a through grass. long	a dog runs through the long grass.
hanging a over ocean. A raft the rope from	A raft hanging from a rope over the ocean.
while a A man watches. the skateboard crowd on	A man on a skateboard while the crowd watches.
haired little girl in up brown A a tree.	A little brown haired girl up in a tree.
their riding a down people two bikes street together.	two people riding their bikes down a street together.
street. on a couple A of front rock sitting a in are	A couple are sitting on a rock in front of a street.
a bulky in floating lake. wearing red life young jacket a girl a	a young girl wearing a bulky red life jacket floating in a lake.
little beach in flower a with girl background. the swimsuit in running the waves A across	A little girl in a flower swimsuit running across the beach with waves in the background.
her is arm a woman taking One standing sideways is and another out. woman picture with	One woman is taking a picture and another woman is standing sideways with her arm out.
trick does A on snowboarder pipe. half a a	A snowboarder does a trick on a half pipe.
dog A dirty running down a road. is vacant	A dirty dog is running down a vacant road.
together. Two frolicking the black around grass dogs are	Two black dogs are frolicking around the grass together.
young road. boy down a carrying A rubber dirty is tire	A young boy is carrying tire rubber down a dirty road.
A an purchase makes outdoor at vendor. woman a	A woman makes a purchase at an outdoor vendor.
a big of bikini. back Three girl side trees and in the	Three big trees and the back side of a girl in bikini.
greyhound dirt A along with racing on it 5 track. running the is number a	A greyhound with the number 5 on it is running along a dirt racing track.
a table two lot a of men them. front equpiment with of in on electrical	two men with a lot of electrical equpiment on a table in front of them.
worm on the ground. while A and black a yellow bird grassy resting is eating	A black and yellow bird is eating a worm while resting on the grassy ground.
pole. of air telegraph in is the the skateboarder The leaping front in	The skateboarder is leaping in the air in front of the telegraph pole.
dog hose. a A is playing with	A dog is playing with a hose.
A green white a pool walks water a floats. a toward and which ball tennis ramp in of down dog brown	A brown and white dog walks down a ramp toward a pool of water in which a green tennis ball floats.
men jumping ball. for group A a of	A group of men jumping for a ball.
playing field dogs in a Four	Four dogs playing in a field
while a a horse A fence over on. hangs rider leaps	A horse leaps over a fence while a rider hangs on.
a boy young A brown horse rides bareback.	A young boy rides a brown horse bareback.
man is The a blue canoe rowing a lake. in	The man is rowing a canoe in a blue lake.
water A jumping on a jumphouse boy	A boy jumping on a water jumphouse
Many base archway at large a with sit marble engraved of names. the people	Many people sit at the base of a large marble archway engraved with names.
a a standing chello. man playing another one is sitting while man guitar playing large small	one man sitting playing a small guitar while another man is standing playing a large chello.
down brown sheet. blue dog on is The laying a	The brown dog is laying down on a blue sheet.
a A trying rope to bull while horse cowboy on a	A cowboy trying to rope a bull while on a horse
player holds football in him. the to red a tries a player in while uniform ball A purple tackle	A football player in a purple uniform holds the ball while a player in red tries to tackle him.
shooting and white man white in Man uniform blue basketball in being and by blocked red.	Man in blue and white uniform shooting basketball being blocked by man in white and red.
stone figure seated arms crossed with stands in corridor, Girl in background.	Girl with crossed arms stands in stone corridor, seated figure in background.
couch. at A jumps in air the smiles camera over the boy the and	A boy smiles at the camera and jumps in the air over the couch.
a A white to attempting and object yellow a is in cut and dog low yard. purple black catch	A black and white dog is attempting to catch a yellow and purple object in a low cut yard.
in A water. black dog swimming	A black dog swimming in water.
muzzled racing dogs Two along running track.	Two muzzled racing dogs running along track.
on a motorcycle tricks man doing a	a man doing tricks on a motorcycle
wet-suit the in a a white dark surfboard surfer carries a ocean. towards	a surfer in a dark wet-suit carries a white surfboard towards the ocean.
the ground. on leaves A white on dog standing	A white dog standing on leaves on the ground.
Three of the team. in grass yellow of are the with member a team the members red	Three members of the red team are in the grass with a member of the yellow team.
jumping and A pole. is over a and pants high and man a red black shirt black dressed	A man dressed and a black shirt and pants is high jumping over a red and black pole.
A guy wearing smoking. sunglasses is	A guy wearing sunglasses is smoking.
of end the a view out field. horse in galloping Rear	Rear end view of a galloping horse out in the field.
along the man walk and woman a A sidewalk.	A man and a woman walk along the sidewalk.
a and holding kids sticks swords. stand group of A in row	A group of kids stand in a row holding sticks and swords.
running in are dogs the Two field.	Two dogs are running in the field.
a background sitting in the with wall a brick at table man blond a young	a young blond man sitting at a table with a brick wall in the background
dog Two by. a girls in sand beach walks as the tan the at wrestle	Two girls wrestle in the sand at the beach as a tan dog walks by.
a man black skateboarding large on A young portfolio sidewalk. with the is	A young man with a large black portfolio is skateboarding on the sidewalk.
on black midair in pose. in ramps Skateboarder	Skateboarder in black on ramps in midair pose.
a men of wearing of shown crowd hats at people. are the front Two	Two men wearing hats are shown at the front of a crowd of people.
at cheerfully women the Two viewer. smile	Two women smile cheerfully at the viewer.
and jacket. in black skier downhill A pants	A downhill skier in black pants and jacket.
The soccer. are boys playing	The boys are playing soccer.
jumping is down a girl little hill. A sandy	A little girl is jumping down a sandy hill.
rider A makes bmx jump. a	A bmx rider makes a jump.
a dog over A hurdle. brown jumping	A brown dog jumping over a hurdle.
a building and on man a smoking sits drinking. a red cigarette	a man sits on a red building smoking a cigarette and drinking.
waves The the running parallel water. is in dog to brown the	The brown dog is running parallel to the waves in the water.
water the a photograph taking at on stands woman A beach girl a edge while the foreground. is the in of a	A woman is taking a photograph on a beach at the edge of the water while a girl stands in the foreground.
surfs a wave. a surfer	a surfer surfs a wave.
shirt, blue a wearing This playing and headband tennis. white man, is	This man, wearing a blue headband and white shirt, is playing tennis.
around fire. people a sitting Three	Three people sitting around a fire.
bathing puddle is The the rocks. bird by is in surrounded that	The bird is bathing in the puddle that is surrounded by rocks.
lady is bubbles. girl holds a who A trying to little catch	A lady holds a little girl who is trying to catch bubbles.
by a another dog chases A tree.	A dog chases another by a tree.
from kicking at dangling other each straps People	People dangling from straps kicking at each other
at on on rail A a skis night. person	A person on skis on a rail at night.
top peoplw on of Two grass. with heads	Two peoplw with top of heads on grass.
ornament past man A car a walk woman and hood silver with a a red	A man and a woman walk past a red car with a silver hood ornament
woman paperwork another a front desk in a of signing at	a woman at a desk signing paperwork in front of another
tennis A jumped into outfit the woman hit has a in a white ball. tennis air to	A woman in a white tennis outfit has jumped into the air to hit a tennis ball.
gold ball player player. opposing wearing the is jersey The from the soccer team blocking the	The soccer player wearing the gold jersey is blocking the ball from the opposing team player.
black dog The the is through down gliding snow.	The black dog is gliding down through the snow.
gate over medium a dog black A sized jumps	A medium sized black dog jumps over a gate
A toy brown, his dog in a has mouth. shaggy plastic snowman	A brown, shaggy dog has a plastic snowman toy in his mouth.
a A dog in walks place. foggy	A dog walks in a foggy place.
on stands field. to sculptures large man between a A	A man stands between to large sculptures on a field.
A with a metal little tub water. girl filled in	A little girl in a metal tub filled with water.
red in A white the and in a is boy sand. standing shirt shorts	A boy in a red shirt and white shorts is standing in the sand.
soldiers running a track. down Two are	Two soldiers are running down a track.
some is snow sitting tan dog in a	a tan dog is sitting in some snow
chasing after is dog black Frisbee. a red A	A black dog is chasing after a red Frisbee.
guy a a him. A watching costume, in crowd	A guy in a costume, a crowd watching him.
of together nearby. with posing A girls males are group	A group of girls are posing together with males nearby.
sit about the talk a Three people chinese and restaurant. menu at	Three people sit and talk about the menu at a chinese restaurant.
in little with a is stove. kid controls the striped pants a shirt and playing black on A	A little kid in a black shirt and striped pants is playing with the controls on a stove.
to trails A lake. water some ducks person on behind a the	A person trails behind some ducks on the water to a lake.
a catch woods. to the in A jumping ball in dog the white is air	A white dog is jumping in the air to catch a ball in the woods.
and red at slide. the of in boy pants the holding coat of the The the is tan little on top to handles slide, the	The little boy in the red coat and tan pants is at the top of the slide, holding on to the handles of the slide.
in black clearing. and woodland in brown runs her watches as a away red a from woman a dog jacket	a woman in a red jacket watches as a black and brown dog runs away from her in woodland clearing.
mountain background the with A in man a standing in snow	A man standing in snow with a mountain in the background
another while camcorder a cast man watches man in A uses him. a	A man in a cast uses a camcorder while another man watches him.
a motorcycle rear crowd the A in wheel by goes air. with its	A motorcycle goes by a crowd with its rear wheel in the air.
sports stadium. device along communications a carrying headset a man touchline a the a shirt white is wearing in	a man wearing a white shirt is carrying a headset communications device along the touchline in a sports stadium.
and on Two brown grey, light dogs, one one grass. play the outdoors	Two dogs, one light brown and one grey, play outdoors on the grass.
bubbles A boy mother. his held a blows wand through small by	A small boy blows bubbles through a wand held by his mother.
field. A in brown a dog	A brown dog in a field.
a back of Three riding truck. on boys the	Three boys riding on the back of a truck.
shirts on the street and pants. Four men in green posing black	Four men posing on the street in green shirts and black pants.
at look old somthing stand A woman an behind man the and photographer. and	A man and an old woman stand and look at somthing behind the photographer.
bangs two their long asian eyes with covering girls	two asian girls with long bangs covering their eyes
a man walks A tightrope low on tree. under a	A man walks on a low tightrope under a tree.
walk group near around A people brick a building. the corner a	A group a people walk around the corner near a brick building.
purple the plaid crying. floor little lying girl in dress on A a is	A little girl in a purple plaid dress is lying on the floor crying.
advertisement. two a to standing jeans next small children	two small children standing next to a jeans advertisement.
woman ocean. near the Man and walking	Man and woman walking near the ocean.
peeks his a through picture. painted A head boy	A boy peeks his head through a painted picture.
ball in a and blue mouth. is dog The its carrying white black	The black dog is carrying a blue and white ball in its mouth.
a for man a throw A ocean. dog waits the ball into to	A dog waits for a man to throw a ball into the ocean.
playing almost that look grass. the identical small dogs are Two in	Two small dogs that look almost identical are playing in the grass.
A a people market group farmers a dreary on stand of at day.	A group of people stand at a farmers market on a dreary day.
a grounded surrounds A crowd balloon. hot air	A crowd surrounds a grounded hot air balloon.
white a lot. drives car paved in sports A	A white sports car drives in a paved lot.
man brush. A bike in a dirt the rides	A man rides a dirt bike in the brush.
steps are people These seated five outdoors. on	These five people are seated on steps outdoors.
A shore. runs the along woman	A woman runs along the shore.
bike on mountain outdoors. man a A	A man on a mountain bike outdoors.
others standing a around A and person rock while climbing watching. are	A person climbing a rock while others are standing around and watching.
to next dogs fight two rocks	two dogs fight next to rocks
a run Three after tennis ball. dogs tan	Three tan dogs run after a tennis ball.
in A blue dirt cart downhill. go pointing the	A blue go cart in the dirt pointing downhill.
through pigeons. a of and move flock children uniforms, Adults, school in	Adults, and children in school uniforms, move through a flock of pigeons.
is young two giant green A gloves. hands wearing boys	A young boys hands is wearing two giant green gloves.
water. swims through the a dog	a dog swims through the water.
leap black a A branch white over a and about is to collar, pitbull, brown with	A brown and white pitbull, with a black collar, is about to leap over a branch
and a as pirate between for a dressed man camera in female. smiling is male the A a	A man dressed as a pirate is smiling for the camera in between a male and a female.
a shirt rollerblading the a a man bench is in past city. in black	a man in a black shirt is rollerblading past a bench in the city.
The a jeans a wall. in little rock climbing shirt climbing and up girl is pink	The little girl in a pink shirt and jeans is climbing up a rock climbing wall.
little swims The water. the boy under	The little boy swims under the water.
something run and holds dogs its Two dark in one together mouth.	Two dark dogs run together and one holds something in its mouth.
outdoors, children The nearby. man while a are smiles playing	The children are playing outdoors, while a man smiles nearby.
in black a man white is A playing accordion.	A man in white is playing a black accordion.
Dogs a track racing on	Dogs racing on a track
boy arm and wearing raises shirt a flowered A his jumps.	A boy wearing a flowered shirt raises his arm and jumps.
a helmet. is white uniform hockey red and player a a white and in This	This is a hockey player in a red and white uniform and a white helmet.
bounding playing in dogs Two at other. water, the the is one	Two dogs playing in the water, one is bounding at the other.
child a shirt walking wall. along in is striped A a	A child in a striped shirt is walking along a wall.
Three together. snowy racing path dogs down a	Three dogs racing down a snowy path together.
dogs in stand the Two grass.	Two dogs stand in the grass.
reddish-brown on orange the of at dog white an flowered A is a laying blanket. front boat	A reddish-brown dog is laying at the front of a white boat on an orange flowered blanket.
sunglasses hiking on a with and the trees in on hiker hat lone with trail a a dirt background	a lone hiker on a dirt hiking trail with a hat and sunglasses on with trees in the background
of knocks on A the lamp. and side couch a over a baby stands	A baby stands on the side of a couch and knocks over a lamp.
shirt her camera the has up in in record red to something. field Lady set	Lady in red shirt has her camera set up in the field to record something.
camera. a A woman holding	A woman holding a camera.
the table in other one The from hops park. to the boy picnic	The boy hops from one picnic table to the other in the park.
taking of bath baby a full in water. bowl is a A	A baby is taking a bath in a bowl full of water.
A a mouth jumps in dog ball black catch rock wall. near a to his	A black dog jumps to catch a ball in his mouth near a rock wall.
A a a off lake. of jumps into young plank boy	A young boy jumps off of a plank into a lake.
another with on wire brown man holds t-shirt a on. A while to a looks man	A man with a brown t-shirt holds on to a wire while another man looks on.
dressed hat red glasses wearing in a front wall. man a in of A and black	A man dressed in black wearing a hat and glasses in front of a red wall.
a racing ractrack. on Two are dogs	Two dogs are racing on a ractrack.
A rider midair of front is in motorcycle a crowd. in	A motorcycle rider is in midair in front of a crowd.
brown dog on a lawn garden a near running hose A	A brown dog running on a lawn near a garden hose
walking carrying while in dog a stick A water	A dog carrying a stick while walking in water
Kids outside. hockey in helmets play	Kids in helmets play hockey outside.
tree. tan fight front a of in Two dogs	Two tan dogs fight in front of a tree.
young trunk of A bike a a on tree. person doing a trick	A young person doing a bike trick on a trunk of a tree.
bench sits ice her metal young cream. eating girl A bike a with on	A young girl sits on a metal bench with her bike eating ice cream.
a sitting girl lawn on a A and front woman	A woman and a girl sitting on a front lawn
in fur neck dog deep, water. swims, yellow A with	A dog with yellow fur swims, neck deep, in water.
troll. a woman pictures for poses a with of statue A	A woman poses for pictures with a statue of a troll.
standing on doorway. is talking Man a mobile, in	Man is talking on mobile, standing in a doorway.
three woman man and and bikes with car. a a A silver	A man and a woman with three bikes and a silver car.
standing people are together of group outside. A	A group of people are standing together outside.
into yellow boy end a small A of at n'slide. the the splashes slip little pool	A little boy splashes into the small pool at the end of a yellow slip n'slide.
rocks man the the his above in the with arms on is river The standing air.	The man is standing on the rocks above the river with his arms in the air.
Child of near bush, building. shovels outside snow,	Child shovels snow, near bush, outside of building.
a riding swing. A boy young in	A young boy riding in a swing.
red pants player tackle two and jersey. the in in the players jerseys football purple white The	The two football players in white jerseys and purple pants tackle the player in the red jersey.
the blue A dog to passes golden another on golden ball dog a beach.	A golden dog passes a blue ball to another golden dog on the beach.
together. girls play costumes in red Two	Two girls in red costumes play together.
People bikes. at on light a waiting	People waiting at a light on bikes.
girl white A boots in outfit woman walks wearing walks and her. blue hurridly black behind dots polka and a a	A girl wearing white polka dots and black boots walks and a woman in a blue outfit hurridly walks behind her.
short of points a window front woman On at a to a looking hand table left, the hair surprised a in with sitting	On the left, a hand points to a surprised looking woman with short hair sitting at a table in front of a window
and walk Man away. locked woman with a arms	Man and a woman with locked arms walk away.
is boy suit. A bathing in splashing water his	A boy is splashing water in his bathing suit.
boys are a pool. jumping into Two	Two boys are jumping into a pool.
jacket black walks skirt woman in white A and down and dark street. a the	A woman in a dark jacket and black and white skirt walks down the street.
kids winter play Two a in clothing lakefront. near	Two kids in winter clothing play near a lakefront.
A chest. arms wide with man an and open his standing exposing his vest is spread	A man is standing with his arms spread wide and an open vest exposing his chest.
fight masked stance. A person in a	A masked person in a fight stance.
two street. crowded down women walk the	two women walk down the crowded street.
frustrated. and A blue looks jacket in cap man	A man in blue cap and jacket looks frustrated.
big flying Two seated red people are with parachute. are a and	Two people are seated and are flying with a big red parachute.
boy runs soccer red towards ball. small a wearing A	A small boy wearing red runs towards a soccer ball.
a across including hands holding a room lit and dimly several A woman table. individuals young man with	A dimly lit room with several individuals including a young man and woman holding hands across a table.
in a a a woman suspension setting. crossing and A bridge man tropical	A man and a woman crossing a suspension bridge in a tropical setting.
helmet in rollerskating a wearing is A competition. a woman	A woman wearing a helmet is in a rollerskating competition.
in stick its dog a A swimming with mouth.	A dog swimming with a stick in its mouth.
are hill. running children Three down a grassy	Three children are running down a grassy hill.
The animal the in is grass. white and black	The black and white animal is in the grass.
structure. iron inspecting Children an	Children inspecting an iron structure.
with Two the words street. city a through men on walk	Two men walk through a city with words on the street.
a closeup his dog A nose. licking of	A closeup of a dog licking his nose.
at the alley. bowling People	People at the bowling alley.
purple, and football against in white, red those gold. are play The in a attempting players	The football players in red are attempting a play against those in purple, white, and gold.
and a and white jumping over red dog brown a pole yellow	a brown and white dog jumping over a red and yellow pole
formation. ice crouched people an near Four	Four people crouched near an ice formation.
jumping a boy swing off a	a boy jumping off a swing
dogs ball. a chasing Two	Two dogs chasing a ball.
in a another, red sand. One the pulls child along sitting wagon,	One child pulls another, sitting in a red wagon, along the sand.
plane. a the of small dashboard	the dashboard of a small plane.
shirt striped throws pink arms air. into girl a A the her wearing	A girl wearing a pink striped shirt throws her arms into the air.
to fire. responding A car firefighter a	A firefighter responding to a car fire.
distance older young into while an way. stares A other the lady the man looks	A young man stares into the distance while an older lady looks the other way.
side Two guys side. by standing	Two guys standing side by side.
up man rock Sweating, shirtless face. climbing	Sweating, shirtless man climbing up rock face.
shipping A of a people container. near sitting large group	A large group of people sitting near a shipping container.
beach. sandy A dog leaps on the	A dog leaps on the sandy beach.
hat smiles the man A and a pirate at wearing camera. eyepatch	A man wearing a pirate hat and eyepatch smiles at the camera.
in fountain. a black A splashing shorts in is child	A child in black shorts is splashing in a fountain.
person just back. and hit has thrown in A a someone snowball the	A person has just thrown a snowball and hit someone in the back.
a smiles. wearing holds animal baby boy a and blue hood A	A boy wearing a blue hood holds a baby animal and smiles.
some another dog water across A while watches. jumps dog tan	A tan dog jumps across some water while another dog watches.
pillows. have three The girls	The three girls have pillows.
the mountian. of on rocks a top men at sit young Three	Three young men sit on rocks at the top of a mountian.
using and maker. noise woman man A laughing a a	A woman laughing and a man using a noise maker.
A into the water dog wading	A dog wading into the water
in a helping woman to toddler a A pool. swim	A woman helping a toddler to swim in a pool.
amusement an park on girls ride. Two	Two girls on an amusement park ride.
a to A flying about dog catch disc. black	A black dog about to catch a flying disc.
a pool. swim in being young taught is A child to	A young child is being taught to swim in a pool.
by taken the the her by on girl picture the man with the having The post standing camera. water is	The girl standing on the post by the water is having her picture taken by the man with the camera.
a camera. subway at sitting on A looking man the	A man sitting on a subway looking at the camera.
of group as dressed people pirates. A	A group of people dressed as pirates.
in on sand holding man The slides the glider. hang while his to	The man slides in the sand while holding on to his hang glider.
pool. Man posing a natural by	Man posing by a natural pool.
Two in young girls playing house. a	Two young girls playing in a house.
Two of hair brown children with in trunk a a car.	Two children with brown hair in a trunk of a car.
on a is wheels. machine The shirt child the with green in	The child in the green shirt is on a machine with wheels.
A girl playground playing a on	A girl playing on a playground
trick. A skateboard a man is doing shirtless	A shirtless man is doing a skateboard trick.
floral A as stands he wears trashcan. bathroom man over a a	A man wears a floral bathroom as he stands over a trashcan.
dogs black grass. running on Two	Two black dogs running on grass.
overpass on people over. an looking stand Many	Many people stand on an overpass looking over.
is sprinklers. The little running through boy the	The little boy is running through the sprinklers.
being is in the air another A by in wrestler man held ring. the	A wrestler is being held in the air by another man in the ring.
ride young at on A a an girl is amusement park.	A young girl is on a ride at an amusement park.
wrestling an arena. women in Two	Two women wrestling in an arena.
kitchen are while dogs sits a table. in a at barking person a Two	Two dogs are barking in a kitchen while a person sits at a table.
a field. ball on a in uniform a man runs towards A red soccer	A man in a red uniform runs towards a soccer ball on a field.
A top the climber reaches of cliff. a mountain	A mountain climber reaches the top of a cliff.
of themselves a girls Two picture taking	Two girls taking a picture of themselves
from in little jumps a slide. striped blue A boy a shirt	A little boy in a striped shirt jumps from a blue slide.
man city. a left the standing to in while wearing red A looks a shirt	A man wearing a red shirt looks to the left while standing in a city.
bench. a and woman a on man A	A man and a woman on a bench.
trail A a background. mountains with in walks dog the grass tall golden on through	A golden dog walks on a trail through tall grass with mountains in the background.
a arms a child wide open wearing shirt green young his with	a young child wearing a green shirt with his arms wide open
a with big mouth. water the dog walking his A stick furry through in large	A large furry dog walking through the water with a big stick in his mouth.
crowded child with a dressed boat blue man lifts jacket A people out a in in red	A man in a blue jacket lifts a child dressed in red out boat crowded with people
catch dogs run a ball. soccer Two to yellow	Two dogs run to catch a yellow soccer ball.
girl starring. little is a in purple A hat	A little girl in a purple hat is starring.
is in rough water. Kayaker	Kayaker is in rough water.
eating retaining climing apples little a wall. Two over boys	Two little boys eating apples climing over a retaining wall.
tied stands while A the dog grass up. on	A dog stands on the grass while tied up.
a woman the man tree talking. standing are and underneath	a man and woman standing underneath the tree are talking.
yard. Lady two in her playing dogs with the	Lady playing with her two dogs in the yard.
is Asian boy A wearing glasses. chubby	A chubby Asian boy is wearing glasses.
cart in a with up another One it. smaller standing pushes boy shopping boy	One boy pushes a shopping cart with another smaller boy standing up in it.
snowy a skier high air performing is over A trick area. the a in	A skier is performing a trick high in the air over a snowy area.
before stand a wheel people carnival. a spinning Two at	Two people stand before a spinning wheel at a carnival.
A on jumps skateboarder stairs. brick	A skateboarder jumps on brick stairs.
girl boy A and who young a a against sits. with blue house stands young white	A young girl stands against a blue and white house with a young boy who sits.
brown on crawling floor in little Cami boy	little boy in Cami crawling on brown floor
girls cellphones. These two in on a booth are talking	These two girls in a booth are talking on cellphones.
girl peers window. A into a	A girl peers into a window.
and red mittens. A smiling in outfit girl a	A smiling girl in a red outfit and mittens.
some standing an water. is lying elephant in on man A	A man is standing on an elephant lying in some water.
Two women walking.	Two women walking.
as two trampoline it. a jumps on other children boys Two young sit on	Two young boys jumps on a trampoline as two other children sit on it.
tricks ramp. A bicycle on wooden a person doing	A person doing bicycle tricks on a wooden ramp.
Boy ball black at batting red swinging field. shirt with bat helmet and ball on	Boy with black shirt and red batting helmet swinging bat at ball on ball field.
in for tent Two smile camera. the a boys	Two boys in a tent smile for the camera.
children are a for standing photo. Four to pose	Four children are standing to pose for a photo.
skates blue cones. inline skater pants An between green and shirt in red	An inline skater in red pants and blue shirt skates between green cones.
is The snow on skates. yellow riding the jacket in woman	The woman in the yellow jacket is riding on snow skates.
A ball. playing a with brown dog outside pink	A brown dog playing outside with a pink ball.
water a a from man Two through watches dogs shallow wade while dock.	Two dogs wade through shallow water while a man watches from a dock.
in woman A is boy in chased being blue blue. a by little	A little boy in blue is being chased by a woman in blue.
rocks shirt man on climbing with no	man with no shirt on climbing rocks
dandelion. on in grassy A a field a woman blows	A woman in a grassy field blows on a dandelion.
playing in sprinkler. a Two boys are	Two boys are playing in a sprinkler.
from a man water Two a in dock. looks on dogs as	Two dogs in water as a man looks on from a dock.
in black snow. carries object the an dog the	the black dog carries an object in the snow.
draft pull through cart snow. a Two the horses	Two draft horses pull a cart through the snow.
while the his to air A leaps foot. tries football another hold onto in player	A football player leaps in the air while another tries to hold onto his foot.
sits near on a bench a A a sidewalk, reading newspaper. man	A man sits on a bench near a sidewalk, reading a newspaper.
tennis hits ball a professional match. A during man a	A man hits a tennis ball during a professional match.
bath. stand old a around taking adults bathtub a a toddler is while Four	Four old adults stand around a bathtub while a toddler is taking a bath.
race runner in participates the A rain. in a loan	A loan runner participates in a race in the rain.
shirt his paint man with has under his off eyes. The	The man with his shirt off has paint under his eyes.
A and neck. stains Asian and on their guy blood face an have blond lady	A blond lady and an Asian guy have blood stains on their face and neck.
the dune on sand girl ocean. at jumping A a	A girl jumping on a sand dune at the ocean.
in hiking Someone mountains. the	Someone hiking in the mountains.
the ocean a day riding A a wave in clear is surfer on	A surfer is riding a wave in the ocean on a clear day
stares man bricks. a at	a man stares at bricks.
his to arms with A boy left. out stretched his	A boy with his arms stretched out to his left.
on bench hill grassy dog. A a located playing a green while a is on man with sitting black	A man is sitting on a green bench located on a grassy hill while playing with a black dog.
fish breaching water's surface. A the large	A large fish breaching the water's surface.
A are of recording music. musicians group	A group of musicians are recording music.
guy a pose with toboggan for A girl and the a camera.	A guy with a toboggan and a girl pose for the camera.
people equipment standing and Several around operating computer	Several people standing around and operating computer equipment
large dog A watching small dog a	A large dog watching a small dog
and in a man A jacket suit	A man in a suit and jacket
in younger jeep shaped pushing Two young older a wagon. the boys, the	Two young boys, the older pushing the younger in a jeep shaped wagon.
child hanging tree a swing from upside down	child hanging upside down from a tree swing
a of backpack, a wispy on skier A with clouds. downhill mountains and background	A downhill skier with a backpack, on a background of mountains and wispy clouds.
in A a looking hat man down. feather	A man in a feather hat looking down.
is young sunglasses smiling A black broadly. man in	A young black man in sunglasses is smiling broadly.
from a look play merry-go-round Children a bench. on adults as on	Children play on a merry-go-round as adults look on from a bench.
Brown ear. dogs a dog biting grey	Brown dog biting a grey dogs ear.
liquid mug. A from a drinks man dark plastic a his twenties green haired in	A dark haired man in his twenties drinks a green liquid from a plastic mug.
frozen walking on lake stick. dog carrying a A a brown	A brown dog walking on a frozen lake carrying a stick.
of toilet a play in Two children unspooled pile paper.	Two children play in a pile of unspooled toilet paper.
Group a of cannon. loading men	Group of men loading a cannon.
white, other swim the a one brown black Two and with stick. dogs,	Two dogs, one black the other brown and white, swim with a stick.
during his stops A a for with scenery picture man the hike.	A man stops for a picture with the scenery during his hike.
bar a up holds young A candy while yelling. boy	A young boy holds up a candy bar while yelling.
A is black green grass. wet through carrying dog the a toy	A wet black dog is carrying a green toy through the grass.
stick carrying A dog the of a in out walking mouth wet its lake. is	A wet dog carrying a stick in its mouth is walking out of the lake.
horse blanket. A man feeding blue wearing a strapped a	A man feeding a horse wearing a blue strapped blanket.
fluffy white running grass. is tail a dog, on A with large,	A large, white dog, with a fluffy tail is running on grass.
head The a nipple man and with is shaved sunglasses. wearing piercings	The man with a shaved head and nipple piercings is wearing sunglasses.
Two water. sunbathe women by the	Two women sunbathe by the water.
rider motocross traveling a watching. path with is dirt people along A	A motocross rider is traveling along a dirt path with people watching.
white on beach a sandy a jumping dog and brown	a brown and white dog jumping on a sandy beach
hill view with scenic jogging her woman up a A behing a	A woman jogging up a hill with a scenic view behing her
soccer on with is tiny standing ball brown A blanket in mouth a dog a its	A brown dog with a tiny soccer ball in its mouth is standing on a blanket
the man jumps a shirtless into water.	a shirtless man jumps into the water.
at a fishes fisherman bank river. of foggy the A	A fisherman fishes at the bank of a foggy river.
angles wave. over a A windsurfer	A windsurfer angles over a wave.
near a in flight a and man of stairs. woman A hats	A man and a woman in hats near a flight of stairs.
woman crowd. in shirt a a blue A in	A woman in a blue shirt in a crowd.
parade. in whilst dragon is carrying man An leading flag carnival green a a Asian a	An Asian man is carrying a green flag whilst leading a carnival dragon in a parade.
wearing elderly man an glasses. closeup A of	A closeup of an elderly man wearing glasses.
people tricks of skate Group skateboarder do watching a park. a at	Group of people watching a skateboarder do tricks at a skate park.
in dogs a play Two field.	Two dogs play in a field.
man walking rocks. top of shirt of on a is lots without A	A man without a shirt is walking on top of lots of rocks.
batman runner race The a dons the for uniform	The runner dons a batman uniform for the race
a through men fence. looking Young	Young men looking through a fence.
in woman large black dressed back. on pink and tattoo her a has A	A woman dressed in black and pink has a large tattoo on her back.
over balance man is running young beam. trick performing a a and A	A young man is running and performing a trick over a balance beam.
a ball. swings A at tennis person	A person swings at a tennis ball.
shirt suits in people a group around of stand who a pink in A lecturing. man is	A group of people in suits stand around a man in a pink shirt who is lecturing.
a with dog field. dry in A floppy runs ears	A dog with floppy ears runs in a dry field.
jumps water slide a a inflatable boy onto	a boy jumps onto a inflatable water slide
A dog with is jet a of water. squirted black being	A black dog is being squirted with a jet of water.
a a pants boy floor. green shirt A in running on green and sweat concrete young	A young boy in a green shirt and green sweat pants running on a concrete floor.
towel Greenbay the is a on player field. being handed football	Greenbay football player is being handed a towel on the field.
on A in nice tan sand the white day. walks dog a and	A tan and white dog walks in the sand on a nice day.
in of his over in crowd. front A a man head orange a lifts bicycle	A man in orange lifts a bicycle over his head in front of a crowd.
woman A throwing little the pool. boy into a	A woman throwing a little boy into the pool.
the in A kneels man snow.	A man kneels in the snow.
A white dog walking the in snow.	A white dog walking in the snow.
arms flies as air his a A stands man girl through the outstretched. with	A girl flies through the air as a man stands with his arms outstretched.
near decorated waiting parents castle. a children and Many are some	Many children and some parents are waiting near a decorated castle.
wearing crawls tunnel. through A eyes orange hair blond little and blue long girl a halloween an with shirt	A little girl wearing an orange halloween shirt with long blond hair and blue eyes crawls through a tunnel.
The red boy is shirt the skateboarding. in	The boy in the red shirt is skateboarding.
brown is skirt carrying wearing wooden the walkway. The bag along woman black a a	The woman wearing the brown skirt is carrying a black bag along a wooden walkway.
perforced being in city. jump A a stunt bicycle is	A bicycle stunt jump is being perforced in a city.
biker a jump. A makes high	A biker makes a high jump.
into going building. wooden girl A a	A girl going into a wooden building.
at jumping beach. young the boy the air in A	A young boy jumping in the air at the beach.
and towards A a man clear young on beautiful camera day. the bicycles away mountains from	A young man bicycles towards the camera and away from beautiful mountains on a clear day.
leap to a dog catch ball. a and A man boy watch a	A man and a boy watch a dog leap to catch a ball.
throwing is bride her women to her. standing bouquet several A behind	A bride is throwing her bouquet to several women standing behind her.
some traverses A churning rapids. kayaker	A kayaker traverses some churning rapids.
of a large in front onlookers with person a him snowboarding over hump	a person snowboarding over a large hump with onlookers in front of him
pink toy. retrieves brown A a dog	A brown dog retrieves a pink toy.
against up on the props sitting railing. the ground feet man A his	A man sitting on the ground props his feet up against the railing.
a boy a across A playground. rope walks on structure	A boy walks across a rope structure on a playground.
little beach. standing girl A a on hill sandy on a	A little girl standing on a sandy hill on a beach.
outside. throws Man flames	Man throws flames outside.
Many road. bicyclists along a racing dirt	Many bicyclists racing along a dirt road.
is snow. dog running the A through	A dog is running through the snow.
in A its the in air leaves with mouth. bird black	A black bird in the air with leaves in its mouth.
in runs A with toy yellow a dog mouth. its	A dog runs with a yellow toy in its mouth.
ground The concrete. in interested surrounded the dogs gravel are by two	The two dogs are interested in the gravel ground surrounded by concrete.
black a with parked in building the front on lot a A limousine of steps. of people large	A large black limousine parked in front of a building with a lot of people on the steps.
dogs in run grass. the together Three	Three dogs run together in the grass.
beach. running A is a along young child	A young child is running along a beach.
himself A the dog is dry. on shaking grass	A dog is on the grass shaking himself dry.
patch of attempting a turn skier is A snow pack. in a deep	A skier is attempting a turn in a patch of deep snow pack.
field on struggle soccer teams to two the Members ball. the get of	Members of two soccer teams struggle on the field to get the ball.
People a beach. on	People on a beach.
defender. a hook making basketball over player is opposing the shot The	The opposing basketball player is making a hook shot over the defender.
is the A with black poodle snow. playing	A black poodle is playing with the snow.
to dogs grab Two ball. a are trying	Two dogs are trying to grab a ball.
girl A rides a a horse. helmet in	A girl in a helmet rides a horse.
shirt others blue her as a on The sits museum in pass bench by. woman in a the	The woman in the blue shirt sits on a bench in a museum as others pass her by.
from upside boy A swinging young bar. a down	A young boy swinging upside down from a bar.
on her the while A sits woman talking on curb cellphone.	A woman sits on the curb while talking on her cellphone.
dog courtyard. play dog black with A toy a a and on red brown a	A black dog and a brown dog play with a red toy on a courtyard.
sidewalk. Two on young embrace girls the	Two young girls embrace on the sidewalk.
dog is standing The the beach. brown on sandy	The brown dog is standing on the sandy beach.
shirt no is and wearing football. A holding a with man sunglasses	A man with no shirt and wearing sunglasses is holding a football.
stand on Two the the pier looking people and ocean at embrace.	Two people stand on the pier looking at the ocean and embrace.
playing are bin of children balls. Two a in plastic	Two children are playing in a bin of plastic balls.
on by water. the rock A sits a woman	A woman sits on a rock by the water.
its white ears. brown The is shaking dog and	The white and brown dog is shaking its ears.
bags walks woman carrying the A large down street.	A woman carrying large bags walks down the street.
A man skiing midair. in is	A man is skiing in midair.
Three the rink. speed skaters ice racing down	Three speed skaters racing down the ice rink.
sits patio man an and adobe many bicycles back on building where An a are outside propped. relaxes older	An older man sits back and relaxes on a patio outside an adobe building where many bicycles are propped.
a trick with A a skateboard. person does	A person does a trick with a skateboard.
trick does midair gear with in motorcycle. in Person green	Person in green gear does trick in midair with motorcycle.
two other. mitten wool wearing while caps young covering each whispering their and children to mouths	two young children wearing wool caps and mitten covering their mouths while whispering to each other.
is jumping into a boy pool. paddling A wearing shorts red	A boy wearing red shorts is jumping into a paddling pool.
a at with stick playing young is child playground. a A	A young child is playing with a stick at a playground.
couple posing wigs in A	A couple posing in wigs
rope. mountain jump a on a crevasse People over	People jump over a mountain crevasse on a rope.
climbing wooden a little girl into playhouse. A	A little girl climbing into a wooden playhouse.
pants people in A army running. group of	A group of people in army pants running.
holding a clown raised. A broom arms both with	A clown holding a broom with both arms raised.
above a water person making a hanging harness is A in their spray feet. with	A person in a harness is hanging above water making a spray with their feet.
terminal. dark at a boy bench young A hat sleeps on a wearing blue a	A young boy wearing a dark blue hat sleeps on a bench at a terminal.
of walking A person in building. front a	A person walking in front of a building.
jumping horizontal pool. blue over in a a is boy backwards A shirt	A boy in a blue shirt is jumping backwards over a horizontal pool.
a climbing and a man down rope A hanging on clips waist safety rock belt. his with	A man climbing a rock with a rope hanging down and safety clips on his waist belt.
a one front sitting large a lawn in of on audience performing person the show	one person performing a show in front of a large audience sitting on the lawn
being away. An beat-up jeep towed old,	An old, beat-up jeep being towed away.
black jumping a a with shirt a hill in sandy hand. off girl scarf wearing grassy, green A her small	A small girl wearing a green shirt jumping off a grassy, sandy hill with a black scarf in her hand.
a while and third at stands camera, men them. shaking behind smiling Two the hands man	Two men shaking hands and smiling at the camera, while a third man stands behind them.
sits man young and A a couch on smokes.	A young man sits on a couch and smokes.
A a on dirt. person driving drag racer	A person driving a drag racer on dirt.
clear in a large bowl. takes A bath cute baby a	A cute baby takes a bath in a large clear bowl.
grass. a next is wall to the near water a skateboard A boy on on and	A boy on a skateboard is on a wall near the water and next to grass.
performs in a A a monument a trick skateboarding park. cement man city on	A man performs a skateboarding trick on a cement monument in a city park.
headband, red smiles. beard, leather vest a and A man with	A man with a beard, red headband, and leather vest smiles.
a kid swing on swinging	kid swinging on a swing
through the air. gymnast A vaults	A gymnast vaults through the air.
in one is fence and Two are a dogs barking.	Two dogs are in a fence and one is barking.
swim down person slide an in jumping A inflatable trunks	A person in swim trunks jumping down an inflatable slide
wakeboard a lake on riding a A man	A man riding a wakeboard on a lake
grassy dogs with in field. Three a ball are a playing yellow	Three dogs are playing with a yellow ball in a grassy field.
tops singing. women in These are red	These women in red tops are singing.
A a tree. a front in sign a brown in coat with of man	A man in a brown coat in front of a sign with a tree.
the surfboard with little boy a at beach a	a little boy at the beach with a surfboard
running a with dog its stick A in mouth.	A dog running with a stick in its mouth.
blue Rover is driving Land A river. across a	A blue Land Rover is driving across a river.
a girl field running in a little	a little girl running in a field
some players the in another to white jersey taking football jerseys ground in red a	some football players in red jerseys taking another in a white jersey to the ground
Young girl jumping bed. on a	Young girl jumping on a bed.
a dirt dog black road. the runs across	a black dog runs across the dirt road.
painting a A is blond glasses girl. woman with face	A woman with glasses is face painting a blond girl.
carrying is at A camera in back while the white little a grenade. looking water girl	A little girl in white is looking back at the camera while carrying a water grenade.
A blue with his laying eyes. dog over blanket a	A dog laying with a blue blanket over his eyes.
in hat and discussion two shirt men Asian flowered in other red man with	Asian man in red flowered shirt and hat in discussion with two other men
Four dogs a sidewalk. down walk on leashes	Four dogs on leashes walk down a sidewalk.
police officers with a Three pose motorcycle.	Three police officers pose with a motorcycle.
man throw reading a to ball. getting A	A man getting reading to throw a ball.
construction the a of protest A to march coal power plant.	A march to protest the construction of a coal power plant.
move kid practicing karate	kid practicing karate move
player basketball basketball. An playing SMU	An SMU basketball player playing basketball.
is brown wearing headband. to next dog the a dog white christmas The	The white dog next to the brown dog is wearing a christmas headband.
a play A playground. skinned horse a at boy young rides fair	A young fair skinned boy rides a play horse at a playground.
a open. its with to standing bunch of people car A next trunk	A bunch of people standing next to a car with its trunk open.
A surfs woman in black weather. wetsuit in bad a	A woman in a black wetsuit surfs in bad weather.
black girls dresses. in Two	Two girls in black dresses.
A little sits by concrete boy wall the ocean. on	A little boy sits on concrete wall by the ocean.
and people running street down Cows	Cows and people running down street
large dives man over wave. on A a surfboard	A man on surfboard dives over a large wave.
the near dogs on Two play tan wall. the grass	Two tan dogs play on the grass near the wall.
stand a as tries large Two air climb the person high mountains to in one.	Two large mountains stand high in the air as a person tries to climb one.
A woman on look three while other by. man sit a other a men stand and and at couch each	A man and a woman sit on a couch and look at each other while three other men stand by.
dog an over obstacle fence a is The woman white brown a course. guiding white tall on and	The woman is guiding a brown and white dog over a tall white fence on an obstacle course.
stoops a them. A child of a up pick large pile watermelon from to	A child stoops to pick up a watermelon from a large pile of them.
is on the The vehicle inside. side with lying driver its	The vehicle is lying on its side with the driver inside.
brown A grey in man dressed a rock. large climbing	A man dressed in grey climbing a large brown rock.
woods. chases deer into a dog the A	A dog chases a deer into the woods.
a its in mouth. A bug bird with	A bird with a bug in its mouth.
beach A the Kong in with Shepherd German its an mouth. toy at walks orange	A German Shepherd walks at the beach with an orange Kong toy in its mouth.
a Man in bike a riding on rocky gear safety trail.	Man in safety gear riding a bike on a rocky trail.
a are running little path a on boy fence wings , little a black water and a girl wearing beside	a little boy and a little girl wearing water wings are running on a path beside a black fence ,
in man a hair the vase red a background. with roses of cutting	a vase of red roses with a man cutting hair in the background.
A with man a waves. over young surfboard the jumps	A young man jumps with a surfboard over the waves.
spectators male Two	Two male spectators
A the water. sailboat in	A sailboat in the water.
girl in and water, goggles with swimming A cap.	A girl in water, with goggles and swimming cap.
hat lady old wearing and a An smiling.	An old lady wearing a hat and smiling.
is in a man walking stick. a field A carrying	A man is walking in a field carrying a stick.
profile, offstage. women facing in white blue of and uniforms, in Group	Group of women in blue and white uniforms, in profile, facing offstage.
white dog pool. and a splashing Brown in	Brown and white dog splashing in a pool.
hanging cliff man is rock while high climbing A from a above.	A man is hanging from a cliff while rock climbing high above.
pictures. a mountain few people A top taking standing of on	A few people standing on top of a mountain taking pictures.
A enclosed a of garden. brick jumps off dog small tan	A small tan dog jumps off of a brick enclosed garden.
child unicycle rides watches. A while a a crowd	A child rides a unicycle while a crowd watches.
the lawn on sitting are young girls Three	Three young girls are sitting on the lawn
through large A young outside. is running a boy puddle	A young boy is running through a large puddle outside.
A bar. line in a in men group of restaurant dimly-lit stand	A group of men stand in line in a dimly-lit restaurant bar.
red trying A shorts a running catch soccer while in sand. to blue in ball boy is and	A boy in red and blue shorts is trying to catch a soccer ball while running in sand.
two beach running the on dogs	two dogs running on the beach
elaborate and orange and figure. white girl an green in A balloon is pink a after chasing dress little	A little girl in an elaborate green and orange dress is chasing after a pink and white balloon figure.
of bank gambling A stands computer man to machines. a next	A man stands next to a bank of computer gambling machines.
A man the drinking reading and paper.	A man drinking and reading the paper.
black Three bright dog corridor. in people industrial a and and white	Three people and a black and white dog in bright industrial corridor.
head down, his man down eyes with a and closed his sitting	a man sitting down, with his head down and his eyes closed
One bike his on is kid towing another	One kid is towing another on his bike
into white leaping dog swimming pool. a is A	A white dog is leaping into a swimming pool.
A chew dog looking yellow fluffy toy. a at	A fluffy dog looking at a yellow chew toy.
the in swimmers water. Some	Some swimmers in the water.
arms his ramp A up rides himself a skateboard with a holding up. man	A man rides a skateboard up a ramp with his arms holding himself up.
her face. scratching woman A	A woman scratching her face.
hurdle. jumping an obstacle dog over A brown	A brown dog jumping over an obstacle hurdle.
out pictures. taking leaning Half man of naked window	Half naked man leaning out of window taking pictures.
wearing black the jeans blue young shirt grass. and girl a a through running	a young girl wearing a black shirt and blue jeans running through the grass.
a skateboarder inside riding swimming A pool.	A skateboarder riding inside a swimming pool.
ocean playing beach. in the on A dog the	A dog playing in the ocean on the beach.
tennis a dogs a Two follow small with larger ball dog	Two small dogs follow a larger dog with a tennis ball
black dog and damp in running the white The is sand.	The black and white dog is running in the damp sand.
performing bright colored are in Three a girls clothing young in play.	Three young girls in bright colored clothing are performing in a play.
Dog out of water lake. jumping a in	Dog jumping out of water in a lake.
biker the ground. across two walk	two biker walk across the ground.
another while on the in camel is seated a people are foreground. Two camel	Two people are seated on a camel while another camel is in the foreground.
and shaggy man with moustache street. a a hair pointing A down	A man with shaggy hair and a moustache pointing down a street.
boy pool A his back. a in tilts head	A boy in a pool tilts his head back.
streaming a kite boy a young waving	a young boy waving a streaming kite
icicle. A a holds large boy	A boy holds a large icicle.
headdresses are Women on. putting their robes and	Women are putting their robes and headdresses on.
The trick on on a skateboard his ramp. concrete man a does	The man does a trick on his skateboard on a concrete ramp.
towards man walk steps another A them. as holds couple a up woman the	A man holds a woman as another couple walk up the steps towards them.
down race moves A watch people as from two distance. car the road a	A race car moves down the road as two people watch from a distance.
A man air. handles is onto the in holding	A man is holding onto handles in the air.
suit a striped jumps bathing A girl the ocean. in little in	A little girl in a striped bathing suit jumps in the ocean.
Two people at looking a sculpture night. at light stand	Two people stand looking at a light sculpture at night.
warm dressed building front for of weather crowd line of for something. waiting in stand people a A in	A crowd of people dressed for warm weather stand in line in front of a building waiting for something.
girls guy and camera. are A at smiling two the	A guy and two girls are smiling at the camera.
rock. and man A wearing sunglasses sitting a woman on	A man and woman wearing sunglasses sitting on a rock.
girls in skirts a park. smiling in Two	Two girls in skirts smiling in a park.
black a a wave. wetsuit in rides A surfer	A surfer in a black wetsuit rides a wave.
stand in grass Five the dogs. people three with	Five people stand in the grass with three dogs.
own a at dog chewing tail brown his	a brown dog chewing at his own tail
an A jumping boy slide. on inflatable teenage is	A teenage boy is jumping on an inflatable slide.
tan dog a running	a tan dog running
through dog a A lawn. lush, runs green	A dog runs through a lush, green lawn.
over a a tree. dog jumps fallen	a dog jumps over a fallen tree.
a with Two are climbing on blond long boys hair hillside.	Two boys with long blond hair are climbing on a hillside.
upside head with down a girl her young smiling	a young girl smiling with her head upside down
on overpass. in man A an sunglasses	A man in sunglasses on an overpass.
on dog white a black standing sandy Brown, and slope.	Brown, black and white dog standing on a sandy slope.
floor the and fire walker baby other and on in engine a toys with mobile laughing Smilling airplane	Smilling and laughing baby in a walker with fire engine airplane mobile and other toys on the floor
man snowboards snow-covered hill. A a down	A man snowboards down a snow-covered hill.
blue watches jacket while Guy in black girl biting shirt guy another of in striped hand	Guy in blue shirt biting hand of girl in black striped jacket while another guy watches
A with drum tattoos long man plays outdoors. a hair and	A man with long hair and tattoos plays a drum outdoors.
arm. spray boy sprinklers, the A plays his the water completely young in allowing right over to	A young boy plays in the sprinklers, allowing the water to spray completely over his right arm.
and turkeys covered ground. snow Deer stand on	Deer and turkeys stand on snow covered ground.
a toy plastic and microphone. guitar child A plays sings red into multicolored	A child plays a red toy guitar and sings into multicolored plastic microphone.
pedestrians by. an of alley passing View through	View through an alley of pedestrians passing by.
plays guitar A while man on bald a spotlight him. is	A bald man plays guitar while a spotlight is on him.
a man his with backpack. relaxes	a man relaxes with his backpack.
ramp on a with skating Afro man is an A vert	A man with an Afro is skating on a vert ramp
a in downhill, ski suit a A fence. is skier skiing near	A skier in a ski suit is skiing downhill, near a fence.
an for photograph. five style people industrial front are building standing in of posing a	five people are standing in front of an industrial style building posing for a photograph.
a chairs sitting woman turquoise A in truck. to next man and	A man and woman sitting in chairs next to a turquoise truck.
A pink bushy shirt is with smiling. man and a beard	A man with a bushy beard and pink shirt is smiling.
People dressed outdoor crowded outfits in are a Victorian area. in	People are dressed in Victorian outfits in a crowded outdoor area.
black grass. poodle and are poodles playing the white on A 2	A white poodle and 2 black poodles are playing on the grass.
girls Two the pool. playing in little	Two little girls playing in the pool.
the A dog object an carries snow. in	A dog carries an object in the snow.
people on wearing two skis chairlift	two people wearing skis on chairlift
through men canoes water. paddling their small are the Two	Two men are paddling their small canoes through the water.
in water toddlers Two are fountain. playing a	Two toddlers are playing in a water fountain.
poking brush. light head into A is brown dog his	A light brown dog is poking his head into brush.
on smiling in A hand, toy girl, walking one a carrying road. a	A smiling girl, carrying a toy in one hand, walking on a road.
standing a a city woman A man and on street.	A man and a woman standing on a city street.
on running the towards Three dogs camera. grass	Three dogs on grass running towards the camera.
man balances ball with people pink a A watch. umbrella a while	A man balances a ball with a pink umbrella while people watch.
girl in on Little ride. pink is a	Little girl in pink is on a ride.
the Two boy, with shade are blue and girls of a shirts blue on jeans. swing three all wearing same	Two girls swing on with a boy, all three are wearing blue shirts of the same shade and blue jeans.
a boy toddler. with crawls young A	A young boy crawls with a toddler.
dogs hold toy run water Two mouths. and the the same in through their both	Two dogs run through the water and both hold the same toy in their mouths.
Two boys concrete hop apples a with young barrier.	Two young boys with apples hop a concrete barrier.
pavement. Someone driving along is orange motorbike an	Someone is driving an orange motorbike along pavement.
in a A dress floor. girl the purple crying on	A girl in a purple dress crying on the floor.
in with are background. the cafe two and tv two outside, on a a There ; people men inside,	There are two people inside, and two men outside, a cafe ; with a tv on in the background.
dogs bag. chasing a Two plastic	Two dogs chasing a plastic bag.
A a dog is him. with desert running around across bushes	A dog is running across a desert with bushes around him.
men A woman on walks cellphone watch. talks nearby and while her	A woman walks and talks on her cellphone while nearby men watch.
ball dodges a bat player in baseball with the air. A his high	A baseball player dodges a ball with his bat high in the air.
hiker a on mountainside. A walks	A hiker walks on a mountainside.
an sit ATV Four yard. on a girls in	Four girls sit on an ATV in a yard.
swimming with duck white a The dog black is	The white duck is swimming with a black dog
stand people restaurant the outside city. Two a in	Two people stand outside a restaurant in the city.
red yellow a catches Frisbee. A dog	A yellow dog catches a red Frisbee.
men ice Two are fishing.	Two men are ice fishing.
of cannon. top people Two on are a	Two people are on top of a cannon.
out coming dog and of yellow a brown an tunnel orange	a brown dog coming out of an orange and yellow tunnel
children tugging to a a Some a next city. in on building rope	Some children tugging on a rope next to a building in a city.
hands shaved pose in and robes prayer. people Four heads white with their	Four people with shaved heads and white robes pose their hands in prayer.
eight greyhound dog track. A the wearing white number running a is on	A white greyhound dog wearing the number eight is running on a track.
another watches. at doing person A the trick a ramp while of a top is skateboarder	A skateboarder is doing a trick at the top of a ramp while another person watches.
riders horses stand around their mountains. three the in	three riders stand around their horses in the mountains.
their in children walking a of group school outside uniforms around	a group of school children walking around outside in their uniforms
through dogs a Two field. large grassy running gray	Two large gray dogs running through a grassy field.
on black a in perfors skateboard. man A	A man in black perfors on a skateboard.
girl next in and is t-shirt hat cowboy the gray the standing in on the boy The dress beach. to green the	The boy in the gray t-shirt is standing next to the girl in the green dress and cowboy hat on the beach.
mouth. a Shepherd his German stick with another in chases A	A German Shepherd chases another with a stick in his mouth.
agility grey A a jumps test. bar over an little dog at	A little grey dog jumps over a bar at an agility test.
A playing is a small brown fuzzy slipper. with dog	A small brown dog is playing with a fuzzy slipper.
empty street. a guitar an plays man A blue the on urban	A man plays a blue guitar on the an empty urban street.
no shirt basketball. with A plays man	A man with no shirt plays basketball.
an icy, through landscape. hilly hiking People	People hiking through an icy, hilly landscape.
A in black shallow water white dog and walking	A black and white dog walking in shallow water
walking up are bundled through women Two town.	Two women are bundled up walking through town.
a A skateboarder night ramp. on at	A skateboarder at night on a ramp.
sitting in girl the snow is with her a young fur on pink head. hood A	A young girl is sitting in the snow with a pink fur hood on her head.
his trick does black shirt man no red A on a and bicycle. wearing	A man wearing no shirt does a trick on his red and black bicycle.
A and little a family. on behind shouting a down cycle mini boy a dog hill, boy and a a them, run	A little boy and a dog run down a hill, behind them, a boy on a mini cycle and a shouting family.
on people of dock. embrace end a the Two	Two people embrace on the end of a dock.
bicycle A his a daring jump rider as friends takes watch.	A bicycle rider takes a daring jump as his friends watch.
dog small one the watches with large The rope. play	The large dog watches the small one play with rope.
batsman A swinging cricket	A cricket batsman swinging
number Sooners jersey in football in Man playing 19	Man in playing football in Sooners jersey number 19
does young A back hand grass. a girl tall in spring	A young girl does a back hand spring in tall grass.
on a behind pulling carrier snow. it a harness pink A dog in	A dog in a harness pulling a pink carrier behind it on snow.
Three playing furniture. children metal with	Three children playing with metal furniture.
up dog after ball The dust. stirring is a and running	The dog is running after a ball and stirring up dust.
dog chase. in to man the the is a stick black jacket The throwing for	The man in the black jacket is throwing a stick for the dog to chase.
sprinkler. plays a terrier A small in	A small terrier plays in a sprinkler.
rock A climber	A rock climber
who wearing grey boy no is shirt. and walking shorts is The	The boy who is walking is wearing grey shorts and no shirt.
group the soccer are A beach. on of playing guys	A group of guys are playing soccer on the beach.
Young hat. a hanging his wearing man head	Young man hanging his head wearing a hat.
girl A with boys watching. four dancing	A girl dancing with four boys watching.
a An a on man older brown coat bench. wearing siting	An older man wearing a brown coat siting on a bench.
children a run Two through sprinkler.	Two children run through a sprinkler.
boy in red head soccer a A about shirt striped little to a ball.	A little boy in a red striped shirt about to head a soccer ball.
young blue off suit yellow girl A bathing slide of water. the a a in jumps into	A young girl in a blue bathing suit jumps off of a yellow slide into the water.
leap dogs and grass rocks. through snowy Two	Two dogs leap through snowy grass and rocks.
in the sled one a walking while Two snow carries clothes red are children snow small through	Two small children in snow clothes are walking through the snow while one carries a red sled
green front few a a in a necklace and A elaborate dress and of stands women gold girl man. blond in	A blond girl in a green dress and elaborate gold necklace stands in front of a few women and a man.
A batting a helmet boy with red on. little	A little boy batting with a red helmet on.
skier A cliff. over flies a	A skier flies over a cliff.
is scaling a rock a steep very wall. There person	There is a person scaling a very steep rock wall.
a to something. digging dog yard in hole is a large find A	A dog is digging a large hole in a yard to find something.
A in with behind young man swimsuit him. water crashing a	A young man in a swimsuit with water crashing behind him.
tennis racket. with about to a hit a man ball A	A man about to hit a tennis ball with a racket.
Two uniforms girls with them. in people white ball and blonde behind young, red	Two young, blonde girls in red and white ball uniforms with people behind them.
in Parachuter midair.	Parachuter in midair.
mouth and with tongue grass green its hanging open A dog out. running on	A dog running on green grass with its mouth open and tongue hanging out.
dog wet up basketball. white get jumps to a A brown	A wet brown dog jumps up to get a white basketball.
little There sitting in is boy a chair. a	There is a little boy sitting in a chair.
trail a points. a on backpack with A boy and sits	A boy with a backpack sits on a trail and points.
red jersey A a a in blue catches jersey. by a goalie player soccer in ball a	A goalie in a blue jersey catches a soccer ball by a player in a red jersey.
with Two grass on dog. women a laying	Two women laying on grass with a dog.
walking girls on a wet sidewalk Two	Two girls walking on a wet sidewalk
behind with a tree pose Two them. smiling a for young girls picture Christmas	Two young girls pose smiling for a picture with a Christmas tree behind them.
around road. a in the skateboard racers coming curve are the	the skateboard racers are coming around a curve in the road.
a of players, teams, others are middle on game, in two while the watch. opposite The football	The two players, on opposite teams, are in the middle of a football game, while others watch.
holds spoon young a its child sitting to while chair. A a mouth in	A young child holds a spoon to its mouth while sitting in a chair.
and little striped bridge. in a a shirt, on girl A walking red shorts hat, rope	A little girl in a hat, striped shirt, and red shorts walking on a rope bridge.
grey on field. grass dog a bouncing in is ball a his A head soccer	A grey dog is bouncing a soccer ball on his head in a grass field.
girl A cafe. a a with newspaper in	A girl with a newspaper in a cafe.
bullfighting rides A in bull's regalia a man back.	A man in bullfighting regalia rides a bull's back.
small child. a faces at makes woman A	A woman makes faces at a small child.
a walk in Two field. small away children	Two small children walk away in a field.
sits while table. man is woman on a of a on two with picture A the children the computer	A woman sits with two children while a picture of a man is on the computer on the table.
t-shirt and Skateboarder jeans jump. in performing	Skateboarder in jeans and t-shirt performing jump.
hair outdoors. shoulder-length in is A playing child water brown with	A child with shoulder-length brown hair is playing in water outdoors.
marshy Two on each dogs area. towards other a run	Two dogs run towards each other on a marshy area.
two a are sheep walking dogs through field.	two dogs are walking through a sheep field.
young man field a the The dives during sporting on event.	The young man dives on the field during a sporting event.
man A basketball a him. wearing red behind dribbles shorts	A man wearing red shorts dribbles a basketball behind him.
A boy playground and a swings park. in at white in a orange young	A young boy in orange and white swings in a playground at a park.
a topless does handstand a on beach. A male	A topless male does a handstand on a beach.
is bandanna jumping a A grass. dog blue brown with over	A brown dog with a blue bandanna is jumping over grass.
into dog jumping rock with breaker a at in the the the beach background. water, A	A dog at the beach jumping into the water, with a rock breaker in the background.
on in jumping concrete. green girl A is	A girl in green is jumping on concrete.
retriever leash through golden a moves on A snow.	A golden retriever on a leash moves through snow.
and team shirts football wears This red red helmets.	This football team wears red shirts and red helmets.
lady a and purple close-up coat of a sitting scarf a blue a in on chair	close-up of a lady in a coat and a purple scarf sitting on a blue chair
and red Boy grass. walks through in black shirt	Boy in red and black shirt walks through grass.
A on midair man skates inline in	A man on inline skates in midair
teenager A climbs rock a wall.	A teenager climbs a rock wall.
the on water. swans white Two	Two white swans on the water.
three swimming black each to The very close dogs are other.	The three black dogs are swimming very close to each other.
walking his shirt string a striped A hand. is roll on in in a man beach with the of brown	A man in a brown striped shirt is walking on the beach with a roll of string in his hand.
leafy with a bike rider area. in jacket red and wooded a a yellow trail corners A helmet	A bike rider with a yellow helmet and red jacket corners a trail in a leafy wooded area.
A at plays the boy in sunset. surf	A boy plays in the surf at sunset.
while race a wearing a numbers. running track Several dirt dogs on	Several dogs running a race on a dirt track while wearing numbers.
by rocks to the a yellow a kayak a man next in ocean. red stands on jacket	a man in a red jacket stands next to a yellow kayak on rocks by the ocean.
high the in above waterskier water. green air the A	A waterskier high in the air above the green water.
slide. girl A slides a purple down	A girl slides down a purple slide.
Diego man on street. on sits bench A a San a	A man sits on a bench on a San Diego street.
jumps a in air in young under the construction boy the hills. pathway on A	A young boy jumps in the air on a pathway under construction in the hills.
watches. crowd A as a kneels man the on sidewalk	A man kneels on the sidewalk as a crowd watches.
shorts A purple a in person up a mountain. riding bike	A person in purple shorts riding a bike up a mountain.
of walk three the street. groupe a	a groupe of three walk the street.
past paintings the skis in snow. another A man man displaying	A man skis past another man displaying paintings in the snow.
A person a mountainside. climbing large	A person climbing a large mountainside.
pine A eating a dog cone.	A dog eating a pine cone.
looking snow. at A in dog the camera	A dog looking at the camera in snow.
their order at to Two at about sitting waiter outdoor standing young menus at resaurant looking with women their the an place table.	Two young women sitting at an outdoor resaurant looking at menus about to place their order with the waiter standing at their table.
looking Two view at rocky a people	Two people looking at a rocky view
she a holds blue as walks. balloon girl A	A girl holds a blue balloon as she walks.
coastline. the the woman in along shirt The jogged yellow	The woman in the yellow shirt jogged along the coastline.
a near two stand cold pole. people	two cold people stand near a pole.
a are fishing in pond Two people	Two people are fishing in a pond
watches. monkey monkey There while jumping one small is another	There is one small monkey jumping while another monkey watches.
on beach the boy surfing a green a towards surfboard. is	a boy is surfing towards the beach on a green surfboard.
and tennis ball. A dog a	A dog and a tennis ball.
posing covering outside building. a together group young hair of girls of a her	a young group of girls covering her hair posing together outside of a building.
dogs fighting playing together. or either Two	Two dogs either fighting or playing together.
tire in winter buried deep heavy the man becomes airborne in A dressed clothing over a snow.	A man dressed in heavy winter clothing becomes airborne over a tire buried deep in the snow.
and man like vehicles ride A scooter woman a	A man and a woman ride scooter like vehicles
the white ball a on dog A with playing is beach.	A white dog is playing with a ball on the beach.
being by Puma jacket hugged There from girl. girl is in another a a behind	There is a girl in a Puma jacket being hugged from behind by another girl.
Two men wrestling. are	Two men are wrestling.
snow standing Two people the in	Two people standing in the snow
and dog carries a brown swims A brown object.	A brown dog swims and carries a brown object.
A of on furry shore the ocean. the small brown is dog running	A small furry brown dog is running on the shore of the ocean.
grass through ball dog tennis green its A with runs in mouth. a	A dog runs through green grass with a tennis ball in its mouth.
ball men soccer Two control fans a of watch fighting for as	Two men fighting for control of a soccer ball as fans watch
in red boys sitting on dressed carpeted small Two tuxedos a floor.	Two small boys dressed in tuxedos sitting on a red carpeted floor.
playground. on a with a plays toy child A	A child plays with a toy on a playground.
skateboard blue shoes on and shirt A a bowl. trick lip a above blue of the kid a a in attempts	A kid in a blue shirt and blue shoes attempts a trick on a skateboard above the lip of a bowl.
look city. at water the Sightseers across a	Sightseers look across the water at a city.
skiing snow people slopes. covered Five on	Five people skiing on snow covered slopes.
A pack a jog race. men of in large	A large pack of men jog in a race.
suits. a " it, flanked Genocide woman by on podium speaking men has written and the phrase priests " in A at Armenian	A speaking woman at a podium has the phrase " Armenian Genocide " written on it, flanked by priests and men in suits.
high the The is snowboard air. on a performing man trick a in	The man is performing a trick on a snowboard high in the air.
a a looks on. green smiling yellow shirt in child white woman a in sweater whilst a boy holds a smiling	a white woman in a green sweater holds a smiling child whilst a smiling boy in a yellow shirt looks on.
group of in ride race a people A	A group of people ride in a race
in river. raging Man a kayaking	Man kayaking in a raging river.
church. wedding in a for photo poses wedding a formal A smiling party	A formal wedding party poses smiling for a wedding photo in a church.
one the Sooners sooners playing their in Three another possession. Oklahoma ball football the against with of team,	Three Oklahoma Sooners playing football against another team, one of the sooners with the ball in their possession.
to Little fountain water. crouches splash girl	Little girl crouches to splash fountain water.
field with a A in a left in stick hand his man	A man with a stick in his left hand in a field
on man sleeps desk. a a	a man sleeps on a desk.
blue seat. wearing top child swinging a and shorts young protector is A a person in	A young person wearing shorts and a blue top is swinging in a child protector seat.
German along runs a wet the on A beach. Shepherd waves	A wet German Shepherd runs along the waves on a beach.
at shopping an market. Several outdoors people	Several people shopping at an outdoors market.
in girl down boots yellow the little pink A dress and running street a	A little girl in a yellow dress and pink boots running down the street
with black A water. is blue the into a collar dog jumping	A black dog with a blue collar is jumping into the water.
river. boy Little the on of bank standing a	Little boy standing on the bank of a river.
wearing man themselves. camera video A covering on a head the and woman turn a	A man and a woman wearing a head covering turn the video camera on themselves.
man rock A a cliff. climbing	A man climbing a rock cliff.
Gentleman the and riding a on beard beach. long with bicycle grey hair	Gentleman with long grey hair and a beard riding bicycle on the beach.
white and playing brown dog is tug-o-war. A	A white and brown dog is playing tug-o-war.
suit body black on and full skateboard. helmet kneeling with is Someone a a	Someone with a black helmet and full body suit is kneeling on a skateboard.
a bending over belly woman dancing outfit in backwards. A	A woman in a belly dancing outfit bending over backwards.
man in ocean. A surfing the	A man surfing in the ocean.
under light. a dancing in girls are colorful outfits stage Three	Three girls in colorful outfits are dancing under a stage light.
boy as his peers hands man held towards A a points another arm sky, the boy air. through by into the his	A boy held by a man points his arm towards the sky, as another boy peers through his hands into the air.
in and dressed under all blue standing blue a The is woman sky.	The woman is all dressed in blue and standing under a blue sky.
The artist's next paintbrush lady holds to the easel. her	The lady holds her paintbrush next to the artist's easel.
This vehicle outside road. is driving hanging down on has people a it the as	This vehicle has people hanging on the outside as it is driving down a road.
running through its in tan the toy mouth. A dog with yellow a grass is	A tan dog is running through the grass with a yellow toy in its mouth.
water slides bathing and small a a suit down water boy A wings in slide.	A small boy in water wings and a bathing suit slides down a water slide.
couch bottle. baby The on puppies a with white are playing a	The white puppies are playing on a couch with a baby bottle.
kneel a children and of group stand, wall. A sit, along	A group of children sit, stand, and kneel along a wall.
Christmas their and hands A their with woman next standing tree. chins a are to man on	A man and woman with their hands on their chins are standing next to a Christmas tree.
other boy. carrying boy The is the	The boy is carrying the other boy.
A is over obstacles. white dog wet, jumping	A wet, white dog is jumping over obstacles.
A child a fountain. in plays	A child plays in a fountain.
support wears foam team A for to a at boy game. show a hat his	A boy wears a foam hat to show support for his team at a game.
man the desert. middle in jumps A of rocky a	A man jumps in the middle of a rocky desert.
around carnival swing a ride. on children Two	Two children swing around on a carnival ride.
on mountaintop. in performing midair a stunt Snowboarder	Snowboarder in midair performing a stunt on mountaintop.
rock-climbing cliff. woman a on A	A woman rock-climbing on a cliff.
walking is Someone their dogs.	Someone is walking their dogs.
some air. little leafs throwing A up a in jacket girl pink the in	A little girl in a pink jacket throwing some leafs up in the air.
to below town look young girls Two a them. out	Two young girls look out to a town below them.
against A two others. football off facing player	A football player facing off against two others.
a wearing is woman skirt A brown a walking bridge. over	A woman wearing a brown skirt is walking over a bridge.
a is in A paper black man holding sign. a hoodie	A man in a black hoodie is holding a paper sign.
dog small A with baby next to lays pacifier large a mouth. its in a	A large dog lays next to a small baby with a pacifier in its mouth.
an ancient brick An in old sits man archway.	An old man sits in an ancient brick archway.
rope are a a pulling people on hillside. Three	Three people are pulling a rope on a hillside.
blanket a snack. A on a sits a wall smiling eats against and child	A smiling child sits against a wall on a blanket and eats a snack.
professional motorcycle racer turning corner a	professional motorcycle racer turning a corner
front are Three an people in airport talking of	Three people are talking in front of an airport
a looking standing is against a and railing at couple A sunset. beautiful lake	A couple is standing against a railing looking at a beautiful lake and sunset.
person in running track. A a and is shirt jeans on yellow a	A person in a yellow shirt and jeans is running on a track.
Two are and something holding red. pointing small while one children smiling is	Two small children are smiling and one is pointing while holding something red.
being a in blown A the clothing by wind. enjoys woman field her	A woman in a field enjoys her clothing being blown by the wind.
a building. white in stage on a beside performing costumes Children are colorful	Children in colorful costumes are performing on a stage beside a white building.
is a pavement up A outdoors. on man in curled red shirt	A man in a red shirt is curled up on pavement outdoors.
observed green dress Woman being in	Woman in green dress being observed
people boat shore the watch Two girls on a fish. in	Two girls on the shore watch people in a boat fish.
boy on is A in bike. his air the	A boy is in the air on his bike.
A wrestle group with toy of men a each sword. young wielding floppy other	A group of young men wrestle with each other wielding a floppy toy sword.
message holding Three are and cards. headdresses love women in bright colors	Three women in bright colors and headdresses are holding love message cards.
in is A dog white water. the	A white dog is in the water.
is The outside. bride standing	The bride is standing outside.
with in A boy toy. pajamas plays a blue	A boy in blue pajamas plays with a toy.
Four the for camera. pose boys	Four boys pose for the camera.
toddler over. tub suds the The in splashing water is all with	The toddler is splashing water in the tub with suds all over.
a blue man in reads shirt A a paper a seat. broken behind	A man in a blue shirt reads a paper behind a broken seat.
brown jumps hurdle over A light a indoors. dog	A light brown dog jumps over a hurdle indoors.
a A shirt in is upside down. green hanging girl	A girl in a green shirt is hanging upside down.
playing the is dog A ball in jumping the for while catch up sand.	A dog is jumping up for the ball while playing catch in the sand.
sunny on A in fresh skiing skier is alone day. a powder	A skier is skiing alone in fresh powder on a sunny day.
playing softball uniforms. in women	women playing softball in uniforms.
boy young in of building. a red bottle A coat a is a trench brick outside holding	A young boy in a trench coat is holding a red bottle outside of a brick building.
doing A a bike a on boy trick	A boy doing a trick on a bike
talking front A group statute blue of men lion. a of a in of stand	A group of men stand talking in front of a statute of a blue lion.
side. its a jumping young railing a A ladder on over girl or	A young girl jumping over a railing or a ladder on its side.
Many parked mountain. cars on a	Many cars parked on a mountain.
a in dog car. A	A dog in a car.
mouth. dirt puts his child and squats into A small	A small child squats and puts dirt into his mouth.
his dog trainer. with course The obstacle does an	The dog does an obstacle course with his trainer.
leaps white to A Frisbee. catch dog black an orange and	A black and white dog leaps to catch an orange Frisbee.
orange in with ocean is running its floating mouth. of an toy dog A out the	A dog is running out of the ocean with an orange floating toy in its mouth.
behind young pole walking street and A with on is child him. stone a man a a paved metal	A young child is walking on a stone paved street with a metal pole and a man behind him.
in girl puddle jumping water Little	Little girl jumping in water puddle
A surface along of a the lake. splashes parasailer	A parasailer splashes along the surface of a lake.
Birds water's by edge. the flocking	Birds flocking by the water's edge.
playing on hockey People ice.	People playing hockey on ice.
grazes large bird the water. white The	The large white bird grazes the water.
girl A yellow laughing wearing little and running. blonde	A little blonde girl wearing yellow laughing and running.
is furry black a white running and The through shallow pool. dog	The furry black and white dog is running through a shallow pool.
near Many a in forest. canoe ride a people	Many people ride in a canoe near a forest.
during nap. cat dog up A snuggling are a and	A dog and cat are snuggling up during a nap.
haired is long leaves. in dog area A white covered with fallen an brown	A long haired white dog is in an area covered with fallen brown leaves.
huge ball. men roll two a	two men roll a huge ball.
walks long surrounded an shrubs. down A in jacket by aqua a road girl	A girl in an aqua jacket walks down a long road surrounded by shrubs.
small in Two together. dogs the playing snow	Two small dogs playing in the snow together.
sniffs behind. a white dog A dog's brown large small	A large brown dog sniffs a small white dog's behind.
in A leaps with away a dog mouth. ball its	A dog leaps away with a ball in its mouth.
Two in red white a area a ball. and small grassy dogs striped with playing large	Two small dogs playing in a grassy area with a large white and red striped ball.
black one white are Two with something. dogs, running and patches, golden a one towards a	Two dogs, a golden one and a white one with black patches, are running towards something.
a plays gun a pool. water child A in with	A child plays with a water gun in a pool.
are players looking upward. duke from basketball Two	Two basketball players from duke are looking upward.
receives white way his after one toy A dog a white and and is gray one. black hopes a thrown	A black and white dog hopes a toy is thrown his way after a gray and white one receives one.
a a in girl A white uniform tags uniform. in blue and someone red black and	A girl in a blue and white uniform tags someone in a black and red uniform.
playing children in snow. Three	Three children playing in snow.
background. dog A the tall tree a runs grass in through beige with the	A beige dog runs through the tall grass with a tree in the background.
toy A from the retrieves orange dog well-muscled surf. an	A well-muscled dog retrieves an orange toy from the surf.
teeth on The his at the two is baring the dog right other dogs.	The dog on the right is baring his teeth at the other two dogs.
with in light a onstage pink show A person and blue.	A person onstage with a light show in pink and blue.
watching crowd skateboarder. A a	A crowd watching a skateboarder.
dog brown and grass background. runs A over dirt a	A brown dog runs over a dirt and grass background.
men in of front period clothing of A a hut. group are standing in	A group of men in period clothing are standing in front of a hut.
furiously. Rowers racing	Rowers racing furiously.
a girl train lap on A man's a on passenger sitting	A girl sitting on a man's lap on a passenger train
by play a Two dogs tree.	Two dogs play by a tree.
man formation A on rock admires the water. a	A man admires a rock formation on the water.
pitching There a his man and is baseball left hand. has a glove a	There is a man pitching a baseball and has a glove his left hand.
men jump wearing a up in the in small air tuxedos front of five river	five men wearing tuxedos jump up in the air in front of a small river
wearing in puts stream brown feet a while hiker his shoes. A	A hiker puts his feet in a stream while wearing brown shoes.
children water. Three by run the	Three children run by the water.
toys A child a bed room onto a the on in leaping floor. with	A child leaping onto a bed in a room with toys on the floor.
a A the in pink a cowboy down and a hat, boa street. blue dress, woman walks	A woman in a blue dress, a cowboy hat, and a pink boa walks down the street.
grass on the Two of running front dogs in trees. are the	Two dogs are running on the grass in front of the trees.
jumping a wooden horse fence. riding Man over a	Man riding a horse jumping over a wooden fence.
corn on children stacks. Three play	Three children play on corn stacks.
man object. while in grey holding black rectangular smiling and a white a shirt cap and A black	A man in a black cap and shirt smiling while holding a white grey and black rectangular object.
through blue and gravel. The racing gray the vehicle is	The blue and gray vehicle is racing through the gravel.
Two some in with kids farm playing animals. a yard	Two kids playing in a yard with some farm animals.
horse in a a jumping riding woman show A competition.	A woman riding a horse in a show jumping competition.
shirt A jeans. white in a and child	A child in a white shirt and jeans.
dog walking brown grassy white field. a is and through A	A brown and white dog is walking through a grassy field.
jumping A girl background. the air tankini in wearing is with little in black the water a	A little girl wearing a black tankini is jumping in the air with water in the background.
colored his with and eyes out. hair boy A young sticks tongue reddish grey	A young boy with reddish hair and grey colored eyes sticks his tongue out.
water pool. colourful girl into a a suit the being A slide bathing in from ejected	A girl in a colourful bathing suit being ejected from a water slide into the pool.
boy the camera snow two up. thumbs sitting Little on gives	Little boy sitting on snow gives the camera two thumbs up.
stomach, camera. looking on in a The its at laying crib, is up infant the	The infant is laying on its stomach, in a crib, looking up at the camera.
reaching rock grasp a to man up A formation.	A man reaching up to grasp a rock formation.
Two people street a to person in of wall front talk graffiti of	Two people talk to a street person in front of wall of graffiti
large area the in red Three a a in with people a ball with tree playing sandy background.	Three people playing with a red ball in a large sandy area with a tree in the background.
on young girl A Rollerblades.	A young girl on Rollerblades.
sprinkler a little girl over eyes A in with a jumps her swimsuit hut.	A little girl in a swimsuit jumps over a sprinkler with her eyes hut.
green hula purple hoop and waist. is wearing spinning her around a a green woman	a woman wearing purple and green is spinning a green hula hoop around her waist.
appears climber a stuck a rock be and place. between rock to The hard	The rock climber appears to be stuck between a rock and a hard place.
a German stick its another following German in has who A Shepherd mouth. Shepherd dog	A German Shepherd dog following another German Shepherd who has a stick in its mouth.
wearing swimming trunks man standing A large mossy is flowered near rocks.	A man wearing flowered swimming trunks is standing near large mossy rocks.
animals. a of in boy bed stuffed A young lays	A young boy lays in a bed of stuffed animals.
brown, poodles, one black playing. two are one and These	These two poodles, one black and one brown, are playing.
digging half body of ground. under is ground the dog and A the in is his	A dog is digging in the ground and half of his body is under the ground.
dog is A playing water. soaked in the	A soaked dog is playing in the water.
in field dogs. stick a three of a grassy throws group for brown A a man	A man in a grassy field throws a stick for a group of three brown dogs.
white stick and dog in his has black The a paws.	The black and white dog has a stick in his paws.
Two jackets Asian in teens	Two Asian teens in jackets
wearing shirt air a A in man through with gray jumps the mountains the background.	A man wearing a gray shirt jumps through the air with mountains in the background.
is a Two against dog on who with a are leash children tree. standing	Two children are with a dog on leash who is standing against a tree.
playing red in skateboard. a children Two on shirts small	Two small children in red shirts playing on a skateboard.
A carries on baby red-haired carrier. a in her chest woman a	A red-haired woman carries a baby on her chest in a carrier.
of stadium playing in in front large football crowd Men	Men playing football in front of large crowd in stadium
plays park bench. man accordion on A a an	A man plays an accordion on a park bench.
street. of brightly people A across street with lots walking urban lit a	A brightly lit urban street with lots of people walking across a street.
a in band indoor dark playing A area.	A band playing in a dark indoor area.
fiesty it a fish is and ! just man caught A	A man just caught a fish and it is fiesty !
dog on mouth. a grass with A the black is stick walking in its	A black dog is walking on the grass with a stick in its mouth.
Italy. A in crowded street	A crowded street in Italy.
the A in woods. running dog	A dog running in the woods.
rural structures kids nearby by Two camels are riding mountains. overlooked	Two kids are riding camels nearby rural structures overlooked by mountains.
pointed Boy the with gun toy at camera.	Boy with toy gun pointed at the camera.
rides woman A trees. her by bike some	A woman rides her bike by some trees.
of in vehicle A is to man a out to area. another pull attached trying vest an orange a vehicle rocky which	A man in an orange vest trying to pull a vehicle which is attached to another vehicle out of a rocky area.
white frolics in and the dog snow. black A	A black and white dog frolics in the snow.
walks through A beagle the grass.	A beagle walks through the grass.
day. hiking on a man on A is a cloudy mountaintop	A man is hiking on a mountaintop on a cloudy day.
the in by black object boy yellow The in sweatshirt. hitting the boy the the sweatshirt blue is held	The boy in the black sweatshirt is hitting the yellow object held by the boy in the blue sweatshirt.
near tan black kneels in woman a with dog dressed onlookers. a warmly of A crowd small	A warmly dressed woman in black kneels with a small tan dog near a crowd of onlookers.
is mountain the and blue on road. shorts the in bicycle in jogging The lane a woman hat white	The woman in the white hat and blue shorts is jogging in the bicycle lane on a mountain road.
biting in yard. retriever golden branch a A a is	A golden retriever is biting a branch in a yard.
and pugs grass. brown of pale Group black playing on	Group of pale brown and black pugs playing on grass.
right to Young with woman the platform standing train on	Young woman standing on platform with train to the right
in observes the area a A man sits below. grassy landscape and	A man sits in a grassy area and observes the landscape below.
behind little girl ocean. top creeping ducks at of the overlooking A a cliff is the two	A little girl is creeping behind two ducks at the top of a cliff overlooking the ocean.
coat. colorful a are in clothes with a picture women dark in taking man Two a	Two women in dark clothes are taking a picture with a man in a colorful coat.
a sunglasses jacket. An in and denim elderly lady	An elderly lady in sunglasses and a denim jacket.
boy red a with helmet a ball A a hits in bat.	A boy in a red helmet hits a ball with a bat.
driving fast. a very on motorcycle are Two black people	Two people are on a black motorcycle driving very fast.
cap shorts in on wearing Person standing a the blue with with in background. road and top mountain trees a	Person in blue top and shorts wearing a cap standing on a road with mountain with trees in the background.
in winter distance. in area, facing Boy lake snowy gear sunset away in and	Boy in winter gear facing away in snowy area, lake and sunset in distance.
a gives boy pool snorkeling in a a two up wearing mask thumbs	a boy wearing a snorkeling mask gives two thumbs up in a pool
grassy white is running in A white fence. black a surrounded dog a and garden by	A black and white dog is running in a grassy garden surrounded by a white fence.
and in in yellow the jumping green air. snowboarders are Two	Two snowboarders in yellow and green are jumping in the air.
park, and laughing. wearing at a a face and paint man shirtless woman A wearing	A shirtless man and a woman wearing at a park, wearing face paint and laughing.
sitting Several at wine. table people a are drinking	Several people are sitting at a table drinking wine.
frozen walks around carefully dog A pond. golden a	A golden dog walks carefully around a frozen pond.
the runs a fly in sides. A ears while to brown its dog field	A brown dog runs in a field while its ears fly to the sides.
dance Two costume. people in	Two people dance in costume.
colored playing. tan dogs Two	Two tan colored dogs playing.
A watching. kids are multi-cultural what they by of excited group are	A group of multi-cultural kids are excited by what they are watching.
a gray man A in surrounded blue leather hat people. black is by sweater, and jacket	A man in a blue sweater, black leather jacket and gray hat is surrounded by people.
spins and on A little boy sits playground. a	A little boy sits and spins on a playground.
building. a girls and a are posing tree outfits elegant nearby Three in	Three girls are posing in elegant outfits nearby a tree and a building.
Two stand hats in sidewalk. men wide on a	Two men in hats stand on a wide sidewalk.
area. in outside rundown a tent khaki-colored in Men a	Men in a khaki-colored tent outside in a rundown area.
Two the fighting in snow. dogs	Two dogs fighting in the snow.
A course. a orange helmet, and moves a man quickly in street on knee pads shorts,	A man in orange shorts, knee pads and a helmet, moves quickly on a street course.
Brown near jumping water dog on beach. the	Brown dog jumping near water on the beach.
woman in sitting a brownish-orange lake. a by A sweater is	A woman in a brownish-orange sweater is sitting by a lake.
bike cluster a race during in a Men	Men in a cluster during a bike race
jumping shorts man over a plaid is fountain. A in	A man in plaid shorts is jumping over a fountain.
water closed. eyes young a A with down his boy slides slide	A young boy slides down a water slide with his eyes closed.
a a staring blue A blonde at is guy jacket. in lady	A guy is staring at a blonde lady in a blue jacket.
path. dog A is a on running brown dirt	A brown dog is running on a dirt path.
brown A of over hay. jumping bushels small is white and dog	A small brown and white dog is jumping over bushels of hay.
dog is in playing A on water beach. a	A dog is playing in water on a beach.
African Two picture. a teams for soccer posing	Two African soccer teams posing for a picture.
while coffee. drinking Starbuck's girl A is reading	A girl is reading while drinking Starbuck's coffee.
man doing bike. an stunt a A on aerial	A man doing an aerial stunt on a bike.
uniform running in football on grass. Child	Child in football uniform running on grass.
to his A in silhouetted on a sunny, attached against a suspended and wearing feet parasail person is a over midair equipment blue while landscape, snowy sky.	A person attached to a parasail and wearing equipment on his feet is suspended in midair over a snowy landscape, while silhouetted against a sunny, blue sky.
in a motorbike event. person rides A a motorcrossing	A person rides a motorbike in a motorcrossing event.
children in with umbrellas stand rain. colorful Three the	Three children with colorful umbrellas stand in the rain.
A little brown a dog running is field. in	A little brown dog is running in a field.
line in a purple and pink group dressed girls of in asian a straight posing	a group of asian girls dressed in pink and purple posing in a straight line
piece A boy swings of wood. a	A boy swings a piece of wood.
cloth. in biting piece is a of snow A brown dog at pink	A brown dog in snow is biting at a piece of pink cloth.
A a dog running tan is river. along	A tan dog is running along a river.
him, behind dog blue brown pinned and him. a teal white A and and ribbon yellow has ribbons to	A brown dog has a blue and white ribbon pinned to him, and teal and yellow ribbons behind him.
dog running A brown through grass.	A brown dog running through grass.
hind A its legs. on jumping is dog brown	A brown dog is jumping on its hind legs.
while up A video stands camera a behind a him. sets man woman	A man sets up a video camera while a woman stands behind him.
wearing children melting hats the in snow. playing coats young and are Two winter	Two young children wearing winter coats and hats are playing in the melting snow.
while a is adjusting blue shirt wheel. a one a A a in many shirt bicycles red of man examining is in woman	A woman in a red shirt is examining one of many bicycles while a man in a blue shirt is adjusting a wheel.
boy little alone the wooded park. a is standing in A	A little boy is standing alone in the a wooded park.
car bikes. a silver Two by bicyclists stand with three	Two bicyclists stand by a silver car with three bikes.
boat A water man has released in red stands a just the vehicle on shore. as into a	A vehicle has just released a boat into the water as a man in red stands on shore.
an Black on dog inflatable blue two raft. swims behind people	Black dog swims behind two people on an inflatable blue raft.
around scarf is with a a There green her woman head.	There is a woman with a green scarf around her head.
A gets body flippers around wave. yellow a thrown with boarder by	A body boarder with yellow flippers gets thrown around by a wave.
near play a golden young men Ghandi. Two outside of statue	Two young men play outside near a golden statue of Ghandi.
a jumping swimmies is with A into on pool. girl	A girl with swimmies on is jumping into a pool.
two and A woman, children. man,	A woman, man, and two children.
toilets. woman, three wearing apron, outside sits an A portable	A woman, wearing an apron, sits outside three portable toilets.
black splashes water A the dog in	A black dog splashes in the water
green black with a toy. playing A dog	A black dog playing with a green toy.
to talks A a crowd. while woman walking man in a	A woman talks to a man while walking in a crowd.
rocky man is climbing mountain. a A	A man is climbing a rocky mountain.
of sitting flowers field in a woman A	A woman sitting in a field of flowers
a buddist worships buddha.	a buddist worships buddha.
A string holding instrument. stands a man	A man stands holding a string instrument.
in snow a the Two in playing kids area. rural	Two kids playing in the snow in a rural area.
while jumping another pink is watches. dress air A bent the girl with in girl legs in in a	A girl in a dress is jumping in the air with legs bent while another girl in pink watches.
on A snowy skis a man path. cross-country	A man cross-country skis on a snowy path.
wall. A woman against restaurant her with a back brick at sits a	A woman sits at a restaurant with her back against a brick wall.
a green truck. A hardhat in of front white in a is standing man	A man in a white hardhat is standing in front of a green truck.
walk down hats Three a sidewalk. women in	Three women in hats walk down a sidewalk.
smiling. person with A and tank a top colorful Mohawk	A person with a colorful Mohawk and tank top smiling.
a with belt, steps a off nice the The and is young pants, boy jumping tie	The young boy with nice pants, a belt, and a tie is jumping off the steps
Two feet ski ski wearing yellow on boots	Two feet wearing yellow ski boots on ski
jumping field. in empty wheeler A an four	A four wheeler jumping in an empty field.
An a old reading. is man beard white with	An old man with a white beard is reading.
through A skateboarder whizzes a tunnel.	A skateboarder whizzes through a tunnel.
in deep water. A blue swims S.C.U.B.A. diver	A S.C.U.B.A. diver swims in deep blue water.
a white A watching dog the in black air. dog	A white dog watching a black dog in the air.
boy bounce small jumps yellow in around gym. a A inflated	A small boy jumps around in a yellow inflated bounce gym.
blue, a sky. rocky, A landscape a through dog under black cloudy grassy walks	A black dog walks through a rocky, grassy landscape under a blue, cloudy sky.
walking birds. side child legged along A long	A child walking along side long legged birds.
red jet person top with of walking A building on a a it. by	A person walking by a red building with a jet on top of it.
swing. A a boy rides	A boy rides a swing.
a concrete man wearing on pants along black rollerblades. ledge A rides	A man wearing black pants rides along a concrete ledge on rollerblades.
running beach. dog a brown along is A	A brown dog is running along a beach.
staring girl on sitting at the A beach ocean. and the is	A girl is sitting on the beach and staring at the ocean.
The shirt. gear is hanging cliff a no climber but with off vertical	The climber is hanging off a vertical cliff with gear but no shirt.
picture. white in a A a girl jacket puffy takes	A girl in a white puffy jacket takes a picture.
A with chasing Mohawk a geese park. a in boy	A boy with a Mohawk chasing geese in a park.
community marquee worker theater. a the A theater changes outside	A theater worker changes the marquee outside a community theater.
man sunglasses sits rocks. in A on	A man in sunglasses sits on rocks.
with is and a her drinking star painted face a beer. The woman red has	The woman has her face painted with a red star and is drinking a beer.
A woman daughter and her in a of waterfall front	A woman and her daughter in front of a waterfall
on of a dog him. paper large pieces with A around laying all very bed	A very large dog laying on a bed with pieces of paper all around him.
a boy board the jumping into pool. high off is The diving	The boy is jumping off a high diving board into the pool.
one A another. behind dogs two with interacting standing person	A person standing behind two dogs interacting with one another.
in blowing in looks woods A leaves child at the wind the	A child looks at leaves blowing in the wind in the woods
relax water. the Two people by	Two people relax by the water.
wooded off dog jumping area. a near A black bank river a	A black dog jumping off a river bank near a wooded area.
watch Spectators as does skateboarder tricks. a	Spectators watch as a skateboarder does tricks.
his plays a toy. with dog	a dog plays with his toy.
people large street. city a sit Two near on a rock	Two people sit on a large rock near a city street.
over A a chain. jumps greyhound	A greyhound jumps over a chain.
on spraying with hole. a face is its through Water child the out cut	Water is spraying on the child with its face through a cut out hole.
in running A sand. fast dog the	A dog running fast in the sand.
fight. Two brown dogs play or	Two brown dogs play or fight.
flies water. A above bird the	A bird flies above the water.
young wearing a into very boy swimming A slide down blue a pool, sliding floaties.	A very young boy sliding down a slide into a swimming pool, wearing blue floaties.
helping camera. with take digital is picture a One to another a girl	One girl is helping another to take a picture with a digital camera.
Two from road. their a a snowy riding on bikes men break taking	Two men taking a break from riding their bikes on a snowy road.
a in of rock lying middle the man hug a	a man lying in the middle of a hug rock
watersports his from seperated performing A gets person apparatus.	A person performing watersports gets seperated from his apparatus.
with forward Man in his hat right. suit yellow-gold leaning and to musical instruments	Man in yellow-gold suit and hat leaning forward with musical instruments to his right.
laying rock A the forest. under mossy man a is large in	A man is laying under a large mossy rock in the forest.
white catch a dog ball. to A and black jumping	A black and white dog jumping to catch a ball.
blond a green a of nylon smiling stands craft blue in A shirts before fabric. tee boy	A blond boy in a blue tee shirts stands smiling before a craft of green nylon fabric.
scuba diving. Two underwater individuals	Two individuals underwater scuba diving.
A jacket green person holding in surfing on while it a line. a to	A person in a green jacket it surfing while holding on to a line.
scarf. a has black young her with girl A traditional face covered	A young girl has her face covered with a traditional black scarf.
a little behind girl swings, woman her. A stands	A little girl swings, a woman stands behind her.
boy yard. in is young playing A the	A young boy is playing in the yard.
toy same the is girls a are playing them with and one lawnmower. of dressed Two	Two girls are dressed the same and one of them is playing with a toy lawnmower.
A through brown snowy trail. a runs dog	A brown dog runs through a snowy trail.
man The near building. a walking is brown	The man is walking near a brown building.
shaved people Four heads with robes and praying. white	Four people with shaved heads and white robes praying.
in a race sitting with car an near woman umbrella. a man is A	A man is sitting in a race car near a woman with an umbrella.
of walking people group across street a A	A group of people walking across a street
a bike, steps. blue jeans, t-shirt, over on and cap leaps A boy in black	A boy in jeans, black t-shirt, and blue cap on a bike, leaps over steps.
a hay. A on a girl kissing boy of little stack	A little boy kissing a girl on a stack of hay.
running dog leaves through ground. on and Brown fall the white	Brown and white dog running through fall leaves on the ground.
buildings. group in posing stand of adults front A five of	A group of five adults stand posing in front of buildings.
handrail. balanced has This on his man a bicycle	This man has balanced his bicycle on a handrail.
fence. of hang in bar a little Two girls wooden on a front	Two little girls hang on a bar in front of a wooden fence.
the as into on ocean, beach A sandy in two play other air sand. girl children young the jumps in a pink a by bikini the	A young girl in a pink bikini jumps into the air on a sandy beach by the ocean, as two other children play in the sand.
A mountain with snow. man a snowboarding down covered	A man snowboarding down a mountain covered with snow.
wearing tire swing. small children jeans in swinging enjoy blue a Two	Two small children wearing blue jeans enjoy swinging in a tire swing.
a in of stand building. people front Three blue in coats	Three people in coats stand in front of a blue building.
pushes child looks A woman another a on swinging child on. a swing while	A woman pushes a child on a swing while another swinging child looks on.
slope. Little skis on girl	Little girl skis on slope.
in sky are the people background. of A with crowd scene gathered a	A crowd of people are gathered with a sky scene in the background.
tennis black the through a ball dog a water mouth. with swims in its	a black dog swims through the water with a tennis ball in its mouth.
grass. across A green dog black running	A black dog running across green grass.
examine small, bird pale to bends crumb. A down a	A small, pale bird bends down to examine a crumb.
in tethered toward swims shallow sea rowboat. a person A an turquoise empty	A person swims in a shallow turquoise sea toward an empty tethered rowboat.
Two other red collars brown field. each a look running while along at wearing dogs dirt	Two brown dogs wearing red collars look at each other while running along a dirt field.
to next she dress a orange an stands girl wet as A gets water in baby sprinkler.	A baby girl in an orange dress gets wet as she stands next to a water sprinkler.
young eats with boy A chopsticks. food	A young boy eats food with chopsticks.
motley women kick parade. high Two a at in	Two women in motley high kick at a parade.
woman middle is house. A standing deck aged DJ a in a by	A middle aged woman is standing by a DJ deck in a house.
and small in dog big black sit dog a white snow. A the	A big white dog and a small black dog sit in the snow.
A the a through dog its desert walk going owner. white for is with	A white dog is going for a walk through the desert with its owner.
small runs. A white dog	A small white dog runs.
beach tent eat. man makes outside to sits something the his on and A	A man sits on the beach outside his tent and makes something to eat.
dog leaping through is A grass. the	A dog is leaping through the grass.
A wave shirt that sunlight. is in riding yellow a surfer a reflecting is	A surfer in a yellow shirt is riding a wave that is reflecting sunlight.
picture. does of a field a takes the One in person friend their while flip the middle	One person does a flip in the middle of the field while their friend takes a picture.
to a object. red get gray two The trying dogs are	The two gray dogs are trying to get a red object.
beak begins to bird white water. near a with black the land A	A white bird with a black beak begins to land near the water.
is wearing a pink the person wig. The beach at	The person at the beach is wearing a pink wig.
a costume on child in bike. a dragon A	A child in a dragon costume on a bike.
A man a a trick doing railing. on skate metal	A man doing a skate trick on a metal railing.
some A swimming in is water white and black dog	A black and white dog is swimming in some water
in A garb balloon. a girl holds little chinese traditional	A little girl in traditional chinese garb holds a balloon.
across black dog field. a brown and muddy running a is	a black and brown dog is running across a muddy field.
near rocks. bird the The walks in water	The bird walks in the water near rocks.
a performs at player Guitar red guitar. nightclub	Guitar player performs at a nightclub red guitar.
football all player towards red is The running in white. the in the player with	The football player in red is running with the all towards the player in white.
black man with in glasses jacket, smiling crossed. arms and shirt, A a blue his	A man in a blue shirt, black jacket, and glasses smiling with his arms crossed.
in grass. the Two dogs play	Two dogs play in the grass.
a photographed A cyclist is whilst jump doing ramp. off a being	A cyclist is being photographed whilst doing a jump off a ramp.
outstreached, ocean. above A the wings crane,	A crane, wings outstreached, above the ocean.
man into A train looking a engine.	A man looking into a train engine.
skateboarding do background. an flag the Boys in maneuvers with American	Boys do skateboarding maneuvers with an American flag in the background.
" " military men Two practicing maneuver. take-down a	Two military men practicing a " take-down " maneuver.
hill. A treeless is up a hiker walking path a	A hiker is walking a treeless path up a hill.
and swimsuit, emerges watermelon Little in pool wet flips hair. girl from	Little girl in watermelon swimsuit, emerges from pool and flips wet hair.
catches tennis ball golden a the in snow. A retriever	A golden retriever catches a tennis ball in the snow.
is talking a A cellphone. girl young on	A young girl is talking on a cellphone.
whales in air people are the watch. while jumping Three	Three whales are jumping in the air while people watch.
with his teen the hill bicycle. The jumps	The teen jumps the hill with his bicycle.
girl throwing rock. young A a	A young girl throwing a rock.
woman with above head. upward looking hand her her A	A woman looking upward with her hand above her head.
beaten path. children capes walk Two along wearing white a	Two children wearing white capes walk along a beaten path.
the in wearing A a is near a grass large man backpack sitting lake.	A man wearing a large backpack is sitting in the grass near a lake.
an girl at ride on young A and boy amusement a park.	A young girl and boy on a ride at an amusement park.
some playing are in children Four water.	Four children are playing in some water.
training equipment. is training to dog woman her hoops The jump through using	The woman is training her dog to jump through hoops using training equipment.
lay purple bedspread. on on dogs a Two their backs	Two dogs lay on their backs on a purple bedspread.
their is man tattoos. and a There arms woman showing and heart up holding their	There is a man and woman holding up their arms and showing their heart tattoos.
little chalk. throws and a yellow of chunk A pink girl	A little girl throws a pink and yellow chunk of chalk.
with other on each run area in Two a background. the dogs water rocky towards	Two dogs run towards each other on a rocky area with water in the background.
running legs on two dog	dog running on two legs
of crowd people stand. A	A crowd of people stand.
the lots smoke coming small the air with airplane of of plane. out through a flying	a small airplane flying through the air with lots of smoke coming out of the plane.
fence. dogs red white of after a in yard ball a front a white Two in chase	Two white dogs chase after a red ball in a yard in front of a white fence.
a uniform the as is girl part black in band. a of playing marching flute and a red	a girl in a red and black uniform is playing the flute as part of a marching band.
in dry resting of field grass cats a several	several cats resting in a field of dry grass
standing men. woman A by writing while	A woman writing while standing by men.
climbing drapped four skiers snow mountain.	four skiers climbing snow drapped mountain.
off flies raft backward person a near rapids. A blue	A person flies backward off a blue raft near rapids.
to Small, ring. white dog catch jumping red	Small, white dog jumping to catch red ring.
his orange wearing collar. an brown white which wearing tan The shirt dog and a man hat holds is	The man wearing a tan hat and white shirt holds his brown dog which is wearing an orange collar.
hat a boy dusk. at blue the snow sledge on a riding green A in is	A boy in a blue hat is riding a green sledge on the snow at dusk.
young boy with A smiling something his hand in	A young boy smiling with something in his hand
A child some shoes. holding	A child holding some shoes.
is side path. of riding A child walk wearing by baby bicycle helmet	A child wearing helmet is riding baby bicycle by side of walk path.
boys with fake two swords. are The playing	The two boys are playing with fake swords.
A dog a long man leash. a very on walks black	A man walks a black dog on a very long leash.
the a shirt A climbing white a with man side of cliff.	A man with a white shirt climbing the side of a cliff.
jumps over man pole. wearing striped black A and red a black	A man wearing black jumps over a red and black striped pole.
hanging by is off line above cliff a a A water. man	A man is hanging by a line off a cliff above water.
distance. at a railroad people in Looking the along track	Looking along a railroad track at people in the distance.
kayak a red a man paddling	a man paddling a red kayak
sandy his with A a splashing across beach and dog his stick off bounds in the paws. mouth water	A dog bounds across the sandy beach with a stick in his mouth and water splashing off his paws.
has Dog in open mouth field.	Dog has mouth open in field.
yellow girl young wearing A in a crowd. smiling	A young smiling girl wearing yellow in a crowd.
Two men play in tops soccer jersey shorts , blue white and	Two men in blue jersey tops and white shorts play soccer ,
other at a woman people. A restaurant with eating	A woman eating at a restaurant with other people.
dog ground. lies A the on	A dog lies on the ground.
yellow with with plastic is girl A fence covered wearing blue walking a backpack next shirt a cover. young a a to blue	A young girl wearing a yellow shirt with a blue backpack is walking next to a fence covered with a blue plastic cover.
a is along beach beagle The the walking on shoreline	The beagle is on a beach walking along the shoreline
throught legs skier splits a A his flying her hill. while or over the ski air	A skier splits his or her legs while flying throught the air over a ski hill.
riding buildings scarf the bellbottoms, and by A and silver with woman pants a with in fence, bike her a pink pink background.	A woman with silver pants and pink bellbottoms, and a pink scarf riding her bike by a fence, with buildings in the background.
snow. play in Two sweaters dogs in striped the	Two dogs in striped sweaters play in the snow.
beach. along the walking in water People the	People walking in the water along the beach.
white brown racing lawn. and a dogs across Two	Two brown and white dogs racing across a lawn.
in arms holding the The in blue pink her is woman top jacket a	The woman in the blue top is holding a pink jacket in her arms
Three tennis a dogs with ball. playing are outside	Three dogs are playing outside with a tennis ball.
a dark blue jacket horse in wearing jockey brown a is gallop. a riding A	A jockey wearing a blue jacket is riding a dark brown horse in a gallop.
at is pumpkin patch. running a hay boy The through	The boy is running through hay at a pumpkin patch.
a a holding in children man and with white baby and a shirt gold Woman three in jacket. and a	Woman in a white and gold shirt holding a baby and with three children and a man in a jacket.
side A at a wearing cigarette of mean a a smokes hooded the sweatshirt black road.	A mean wearing a black hooded sweatshirt smokes a cigarette at the side of a road.
A posing young women together. smiling group of	A group of smiling young women posing together.
A microphone for up man woman. a holding a	A man holding a microphone up for a woman.
a running dogs racing Three track. on	Three dogs running on a racing track.
of cable. man on legs metal resting A spool his	A man resting his legs on spool of metal cable.
beach People kite in the a on sky. the and	People on the beach and a kite in the sky.
children flowers. hands two hold and	two children hold hands and flowers.
a haired under sign. in blue shirt a yellow gray A sitting woman	A gray haired woman in a yellow shirt sitting under a blue sign.
shop an that outside sale. summer ice People cream for has decorations	People outside an ice cream shop that has summer decorations for sale.
a a red boat one on only lone river with person wild a padel in	a lone person in a red boat on a wild river with only one padel
the and below. into people jump rocks water off the Two greenish	Two people jump off the rocks and into the greenish water below.
orange man in shirt is a playing tennis. There an	There is a man in an orange shirt playing tennis.
bull man in the thrown getting air riding while	man getting thrown in the air while bull riding
it a black dog mouth brown tries looks away. an dog brown A holds Another dog to on. its take object in while	A brown dog holds an object in its mouth while a black dog tries to take it away. Another brown dog looks on.
Little boy jacket a snow. sliding in the red in	Little boy in a red jacket sliding in the snow.
at women Two on large the rocks suit bathing ocean. in	Two women in bathing suit on large rocks at the ocean.
in clothing scene. A person takes snowy snapshot of dark a a	A person in dark clothing takes a snapshot of a snowy scene.
is and posing black on A girl tree hair bright clothes trunk. red with a	A girl with bright red hair and black clothes is posing on a tree trunk.
in jumps the tennis catch a water ball. A white dog to	A white dog jumps in the water to catch a tennis ball.
two children arena boy is Three one an skates. skates wheeled orange in boy, girls wearing on and	Three children on skates in an arena two girls and one boy, boy is wearing orange wheeled skates.
pulls a toddler ice. in skating on cart The the while a girl	The girl pulls a toddler in a cart while skating on the ice.
a smiling kids Two red flower. underneath	Two kids smiling underneath a red flower.
standing smoking on cigarette. a the a orange woman cellphone The is talks in whist of who in front woman	The woman in orange talks on a cellphone whist standing in front of the woman who is smoking a cigarette.
path. A a mountain through rides biker bike	A mountain biker rides through a bike path.
across clothing a in african wall. runs concrete A boy	A boy in african clothing runs across a concrete wall.
white foggy climbs wearing A a person red mountain. and	A person wearing red and white climbs a foggy mountain.
as basketball with others ball up player watch. A the two jumps	A basketball player jumps up with the ball as two others watch.
sign. cowboy a in a jeans up holds & A man hat	A man in jeans & a cowboy hat holds up a sign.
a among A pink a little of bunch in with standing back. flowers, woman shack the	A woman standing among a bunch of pink flowers, with a little shack in the back.
of instruments. people woods A playing group the in are	A group of people are in the woods playing instruments.
are grass. playing puppies the Two in green	Two puppies are playing in the green grass.
in The has brown an his mouth. dog object	The brown dog has an object in his mouth.
skateboard metal A a trick plank. a off does boy	A boy does a skateboard trick off a metal plank.
run grass. Two through dogs the white	Two white dogs run through the grass.
of stream a a A is backpacking woman waterfall. through in front	A woman is backpacking through a stream in front of a waterfall.
bench. Two on people wait a	Two people wait on a bench.
the cows running calf A while in look is on. fields	A calf is running in the fields while cows look on.
sports running uniform white in green over is grass. child and A a	A child in a green and white sports uniform is running over grass.
coaching crowd official football player team a The and front other and members. in are talking	The coaching official and football player are talking in front a crowd and other team members.
with outdoor flowers. fruits, a People and market in vegetables colorful,	People in a colorful, outdoor market with fruits, vegetables and flowers.
white the floor, all Two palying men on wearing kneel guitar.	Two men wearing all white kneel on the floor, palying guitar.
on t-shirt skateboarder the The wooden white is ramp. a in riding	The skateboarder in the white t-shirt is riding on a wooden ramp.
Two run muddy path. a along dogs large	Two large dogs run along a muddy path.
runs a brown stick black with follows. its mouth and dog A in dog a	A brown dog runs with a stick in its mouth and a black dog follows.
a a sweatshirt blue bench. and a A is in nap man taking on jeans	A man in a sweatshirt and blue jeans is taking a nap on a bench.
ladies do water The on aerobics beach. the	The ladies do water aerobics on the beach.
down into A person is water pool. a yellow slide a coming	A person is coming down a yellow water slide into a pool.
person balancing small A on stands their a with leg. dog	A person stands with a small dog balancing on their leg.
a black A is dog dog grass. chasing over smaller brown	A black dog is chasing a smaller brown dog over grass.
water. into headfirst a dives the man	a man dives headfirst into the water.
riding man a a trail A the helmet in yellow through his on bike woods.	A man in a yellow helmet riding his bike on a trail through the woods.
cowboy an man with anti-tax hat A sign. and a	A man with a cowboy hat and an anti-tax sign.
rocks sweater in a climbing blue The is down man the	The man in a blue sweater is climbing down the rocks
leafy dogs fight Two on ground. the brown	Two brown dogs fight on the leafy ground.
wrapped in blanket Woman bench in on park. reads and sits	Woman wrapped in blanket sits on bench and reads in park.
stands a A dusk. hill on at man	A man stands on a hill at dusk.
track. boy red A paint along a walks face wearing	A boy wearing face paint walks along a red track.
field dog a runs with wagging tongue he his as through brown a	a brown dog with his tongue wagging as he runs through a field
snowboard. performs a tricks young A man on	A young man performs tricks on a snowboard.
air. bmx gets rider a some	a bmx rider gets some air.
peeking inside A from her baby out cot	A baby peeking out from inside her cot
have in and personal moment yard. child The the a mother	The mother and child have a personal moment in the yard.
in dog snow the brown A a pink hat. holding	A brown dog in the snow holding a pink hat.
others while skateboarder air flies A watch. the thorugh	A skateboarder flies thorugh the air while others watch.
cyclist a	a cyclist
men posing holding and of cans. Group young	Group of young men posing and holding cans.
woods. the is A brown and through running black dog	A black and brown dog is running through the woods.
dog's some rises black water. A above head	A black dog's head rises above some water.
a football of group A game. play men college	A group of men play a college football game.
urban skating rink outdoor People an ice in skate	People skate in an urban outdoor ice skating rink
wine pours tv. watches a woman and	a woman pours wine and watches tv.
a as they down dune towards beach. jump large Two run children the sand	Two children jump as they run down a large sand dune towards the beach.
lacrosse player is in the blue The to catch woman ball. about	The woman lacrosse player in blue is about to catch the ball.
the tree. yellow small the two dog watch The children on	The two children watch the small yellow dog on the tree.
brown outdoors. A runs dog	A brown dog runs outdoors.
between A burning piles. walks man	A man walks between burning piles.
A and Ipod, in red black street an walks woman to listens the down	A woman in black and red listens to an Ipod, walks down the street
setting behind while airborne A a him. boy young room woman rests in becomes a family	A young boy becomes airborne in a family room setting while a woman rests behind him.
red young puppy running a with collar with A a its in leaf mouth.	A young puppy with a red collar running with a leaf in its mouth.
and with bridal on seated her. party her A family a surrounding bride sofa,	A bride seated on a sofa, with her bridal party and family surrounding her.
A race. motorcyclists group of a in	A group of motorcyclists in a race.
a a their field. peaks head set snowy out person up in tent of A	A person peaks their head out of a tent set up in a snowy field.
dog tire small in a dog follows. mouth with black while his running one another and ball black	one black dog running with a ball and small tire in his mouth while another black dog follows.
ball. player Tennis is the serving	Tennis player is serving the ball.
player blue A red players team on on his teammate and watch. soccer toward the team kicks ball the white a while	A player on the white and blue team kicks a soccer ball toward his teammate while players on the red team watch.
The girl is spaghetti jacket. eating red a wearing	The girl eating spaghetti is wearing a red jacket.
Punk rocker ink store. big-box the buys computer in	Punk rocker buys computer ink in the big-box store.
standing the of group people in the a a distance. hill on with sun	a group of people standing on a hill with the sun in the distance.
the across in the path. skipping is outfit bright red girl The	The girl in the bright red outfit is skipping across the path.
arm yellow shirt. in around a yellow man shirt and a man puts in his A blue a	A man in a yellow and yellow shirt puts his arm around a man in a blue shirt.
The walks through water. cold the dog	The dog walks through the cold water.
little two swimsuits. girls A and wearing woman	A woman and two little girls wearing swimsuits.
at There reading table. a sitting stands girls table the menus two the at while are waiter	There are two girls sitting at a table reading menus while the waiter stands at the table.
into in tossing a child Woman young a pool. is blue	Woman in blue is tossing a young child into a pool.
A together. are man and boy a kite flying	A man and boy are flying a kite together.
up hike canyon. men shirtless a Four	Four shirtless men hike up a canyon.
plane to as does loops earth. A it heads down blue	A blue plane does loops as it heads down to earth.
on man with bmxer his jumping A another watching. bmx	A man jumping on his bmx with another bmxer watching.
while the walking camera, from These away another. carries one people person are	These people are walking away from the camera, while one person carries another.
wave ahead crashing Surfer surfs of a	Surfer surfs ahead of a crashing wave
golden a A is dog. against white colored leaning dog	A white dog is leaning against a golden colored dog.
a out while man men frame. other eats coat look doughnut of a A black in	A man in a black coat eats a doughnut while other men look out of frame.
together. sect gathered religious A	A religious sect gathered together.
debris pile walking and in with gravel a concrete the background. white A dog on brown	A brown and white dog walking on concrete debris with a gravel pile in the background.
wintertime. woman horse the lake A near a rides a in frozen	A woman rides a horse near a frozen lake in the wintertime.
a sitting the of of mountain. group huge grassy a on side people	a group of people sitting on the side of a huge grassy mountain.
sitting to next a bar children counter. stools on young large Four	Four young children sitting on large bar stools next to a counter.
disc fit in leaps dog mouth. its with a A	A fit dog leaps with a disc in its mouth.
pool. with blond young A a hair is in swimming boy	A young boy with blond hair is in a swimming pool.
are playing A outside her kiddie by and a son woman pool.	A woman and her son are playing outside by a kiddie pool.
rocky mountain biker Blurry trail. of picture descending	Blurry picture of mountain biker descending rocky trail.
snow. its holding in dog running mouth stick huge the in a brown A	A brown dog holding a huge stick in its mouth running in the snow.
rock next a climb to men waterfall. in a matching wall Three outfits	Three men in matching outfits climb a rock wall next to a waterfall.
day. on nice outside Some kids a play	Some kids play outside on a nice day.
Two fighting the dogs are snow. in	Two dogs are fighting in the snow.
leather girls are dancing and wearing outfits. The	The girls are dancing and wearing leather outfits.
people of the a Two coats side road. kiss on in	Two people in coats kiss on the side of a road.
kick high right wearing does the short air. fit man in a A young,	A young, fit man wearing short does a high right kick in the air.
small racket. surface barefoot while runs boy holding A a on a concrete	A small boy runs barefoot on a concrete surface while holding a racket.
racing in red A a and leaning motorcycle turn. into motorcyclist	A racing motorcycle and motorcyclist in red leaning into a turn.
on man makes snowboard. jump his orange jacket a wearing A bright a	A man wearing a bright orange jacket makes a jump on his snowboard.
off ground, the air, in yellow field. the dog all of bounds A black-and-white a feet	A black-and-white dog bounds off the ground, all feet in the air, of a yellow field.
in on. looking a people with racing Two dogs field,	Two dogs racing in a field, with people looking on.
three a beach on dogs playing	three dogs playing on a beach
through paddles canoe placid a waters Man lake	Man paddles a canoe through placid lake waters
group people on of a turn A street. riding bicycles	A group of people riding bicycles turn on a street.
a player ready the kick uniform soccer ball black to striped soccer with gets red and	a soccer player with black and red striped uniform gets ready to kick the soccer ball
owners. Four dogs walked two being by are	Four dogs are being walked by two owners.
in back grove shirts object of front of a in trees. in small a people stand Five	Five people in back shirts stand in front of a small object in a grove of trees.
parking rope jumps through lot little A girl a	A little girl jumps rope through a parking lot
is walking family middle eastern A	A middle eastern family is walking
motorcycle A next fireworks. on guy his tricks doing to	A guy doing tricks on his motorcycle next to fireworks.
People under a beach, standing one green umbrella a on	People standing on a beach, one under a green umbrella
while skier doing a man a by mound A it snow a camera. trick films with a	A skier doing a trick by a snow mound while a man films it with a camera.
with wearing red in man a smiles. and woman white stands A two shirt	A man in a red shirt stands with two woman wearing white and smiles.
jumps dog. A another over " grey labradoodle " large	A grey " labradoodle " jumps over another large dog.
boys in grass. playing football Several the are	Several boys are playing football in the grass.
in and a ball red A air. the dog	A dog and a red ball in the air.
dog running dog a sandy are the a and a white by across black ocean. beach	a black dog and a white dog are running across a sandy beach by the ocean.
in blue woman dancing. and shirt A sunglasses a	A woman in a blue shirt and sunglasses dancing.
the a little ball. boy from sitting The tree kicking looking girl the soccer away by little is	The little girl sitting by the tree is looking away from the little boy kicking a soccer ball.
squatting brush in to photograph. take a is A man	A man is squatting in brush to take a photograph.
a in bird sits leafless tree. A	A bird sits in a leafless tree.
a woman standing smiling man. frowning to The next is bald	The bald woman is standing smiling next to a frowning man.
are the chasing runners. bulls The	The bulls are chasing the runners.
the wave male ocean his a yellow a on A young board. white in rides surfer wearing shirt	A young male surfer wearing a yellow shirt rides a wave in the ocean on his white board.
pink is rock A a with a rope. climbing person up	A person is climbing up a rock with a pink rope.
the a of graffitied a wall wall. large of jumping man	a man jumping of the wall of a large graffitied wall.
has dog open. The mouth his and brown black	The brown and black dog has his mouth open.
wet to pass waits the taxis crossing road. Man before for	Man waits for taxis to pass before crossing the wet road.
fight Two the ball. boys for	Two boys fight for the ball.
on skateboard from girl with poses flying her her head hair A up a	A girl with her hair flying up from her head poses on a skateboard
on Children a trampoline. jumping	Children jumping on a trampoline.
dressed blue waterskiing life swimming a in lake. a young red A trunks and man in jacket blue	A young man dressed in blue swimming trunks and a red life jacket waterskiing in a blue lake.
red food hat Asian coat in winter wearing counter. front a and blue a elderly An of woman	An elderly Asian woman wearing a blue winter coat and red hat in front of a food counter.
audience room. darkened sits in platform four at men a on a group before a an A of table	A group of four men sits at a table on a platform before an audience in a darkened room.
to next stands mountain. a A man snowy a on hill	A man stands on a snowy hill next to a mountain.
blonde wrestlers in the Two female ring.	Two blonde female wrestlers in the ring.
racquet. little red cape holds a large in tennis and a A girl dress	A little girl in a red dress and cape holds a large tennis racquet.
and dog white through covered a is field. brown snow running a	a white and brown dog is running through a snow covered field.
his bike. A jumps on boy	A boy jumps on his bike.
Marine down. flips another One one	One Marine flips another one down.
racing a A near of river. boy his in shows a bike bumpy on skills course	A boy shows of his skills in bike racing on a bumpy course near a river.
a watch girl stands front of while in something. A jacket crowd drab they in blue a	A girl in a blue jacket stands in front of a drab crowd while they watch something.
) field. one black brown, white, dirt are ( and a respectively with dogs Three who in play another	Three dogs who are brown, white, and black ( respectively ) play with one another in a dirt field.
while a wearing jersey ball the boy him is black a get to another holding behind trying basketball one	one boy wearing a black jersey holding a basketball while another is behind him trying to get the ball
standing some top rocks the on with sky A of person behind.	A person standing on top of some rocks with the sky behind.
with their back party a friend's on marker. Boys black a at drawing	Boys at a party drawing on their friend's back with a black marker.
A a lifts a person rock. pants jacket green black and in	A person in a green jacket and black pants lifts a rock.
front A a pool. in swimming whilst is boy smiling standing of	A boy is smiling whilst standing in front of a swimming pool.
The the is the on beach. into air girls jumping	The girls is jumping into the air on the beach.
twirling flaming baton. A man a	A man twirling a flaming baton.
tennis. A plays boy	A boy plays tennis.
by family A the stroll water. casual	A casual family stroll by the water.
is the an with standing wall interior A in along man top. brick pictures of front	A man is standing in front of an interior brick wall with pictures along the top.
using exposing The small his to face, belly. shirt boy blue his is wipe his	The small boy is using his blue shirt to wipe his face, exposing his belly.
women Three street. the walk down	Three women walk down the street.
red through air with flies A board. in boogie man the a trunks	A man in red trunks flies through the air with a boogie board.
feet sticking A a are small from person's cave. out	A person's feet are sticking out from a small cave.
jumping dog a swim pool for is A competition into a	A dog is jumping into a pool for a swim competition
with A food. him jump for making man plays dog, his	A man plays with his dog, making him jump for food.
dancing multiple People wearing are while around clothing. colored and varied	People are dancing around while wearing multiple colored and varied clothing.
splashes the a golden retriever in water.	a golden retriever splashes in the water.
are making skiers Two their woodland. way through	Two skiers are making their way through woodland.
dressed people Several old like in during jerseys an competition. cannon roll a	Several people dressed in like jerseys roll an old cannon during a competition.
The be appears the stuck in to mud. truck	The truck appears to be stuck in the mud.
statue painted of a Einstein portrait A of polar is bear. on	A portrait of Einstein is painted on statue of a polar bear.
skateboarder midair above an ramp. in A indoor	A skateboarder in midair above an indoor ramp.
black white and balls. man A six young juggles	A young man juggles six black and white balls.
A which obstacle to a course. next woman an is running dog	A woman next to a dog which is running an obstacle course.
young from shaped atop A fountain. water as watches background male the sits crowd a a round	A crowd watches from the background as a young male sits atop a round shaped water fountain.
dock lake. at person end on the A crouches of a a	A person crouches at the end of a dock on a lake.
handlebars onto in holding midair. while Man bike	Man holding onto bike handlebars while in midair.
boy. is water girl older throwing bucket of A on a an	A girl is throwing a bucket of water on an older boy.
a man table in are the food a sitting The and woman court. at	The man and the woman are sitting at a table in a food court.
a knit pink young with white vest, tree. sleeves looking girl on the at hat A flower and a flower with pink is blossoms	A young girl with a white vest, pink sleeves and pink knit hat with flower is looking at the flower blossoms on a tree.
appears be a peers. young to The among mime her lady	The young lady appears to be a mime among her peers.
an man person touching head. elephant's is while A elephant the is another riding	A man is riding an elephant while another person is touching the elephant's head.
with toy Black mouth poodle in	Black poodle with toy in mouth
tourists an pictures Three take of women object.	Three women tourists take pictures of an object.
to the fight football players ball. of possession gain Two	Two football players fight to gain possession of the ball.
purple sitting the person on is beach. A a under umbrella	A person is sitting under a purple umbrella on the beach.
the black dog water. his A leaps watches eagerly into man as	A man watches eagerly as his black dog leaps into the water.
in girl kids. coat A school next to a black some	A girl in a black coat next to some school kids.
his red man uniform helmet a stands on motorbike. A wearing and	A man wearing a red uniform and helmet stands on his motorbike.
kayak in Man large with dog	Man in kayak with large dog
woman around ocean the climbing two rocks	two woman climbing rocks around the ocean
for the man smiles camera jean a jacket A store. a in young inside	A young man in a jean jacket smiles for the camera inside a store.
the stand a in in talking woods. children two in swimsuits lake	two children in swimsuits stand talking in a lake in the woods.
notice girls watch. perform little woman handwritten as young near Two	Two young woman perform near handwritten notice as little girls watch.
ramp. a Two ride high above snowy people their snowboards	Two people ride their snowboards high above a snowy ramp.
A in a frolics toy brown plush carrying field dog a	A brown dog frolics in a field carrying a plush toy
city. at shop fresh People an the market outdoor produce for in	People shop for fresh produce at an outdoor market in the city.
have through they folded tubes into magazines looking children	children looking through magazines they have folded into tubes
sit A pavement shoes clothes. warm dark people wearing group of and on	A group of people sit on pavement wearing dark shoes and warm clothes.
man A background another man races in the	A man races another man in the background
trunks playing in in black spray swim water. Boy of	Boy in black swim trunks playing in spray of water.
climbs girl rock casts the the the a image black rock. long shadow while on The young	The long black shadow casts a image on the rock while the young girl climbs the rock.
walking street. in a Woman crosswalk busy near	Woman walking in crosswalk near a busy street.
on running beach. happily The dog the is	The dog is happily running on the beach.
bald people praying or meditating. Four are	Four bald people are praying or meditating.
in building. outfit walking The blue man a through wizard's a dressed is	The man dressed in a blue wizard's outfit is walking through a building.
dogs jumping two are around. The	The two dogs are jumping around.
hockey a A makes shot. player	A hockey player makes a shot.
plate. large a to man next standing A	A man standing next to a large plate.
a watching an over Frisbee. on catch standing sitting a jump and field dog Several orange man grassy people a are to	Several people are standing and sitting on a grassy field watching a dog jump over a man to catch an orange Frisbee.
a on rock wall climbing a boy young	a young boy climbing on a rock wall
car. yellow in red child There a and is toy a	There is a child in a red and yellow toy car.
women street. city dance down Three the	Three women dance down the city street.
the holding walking umbrella. woman street A an is down	A woman is walking down the street holding an umbrella.
from boy looking courtyard, in A classmates play watches a his above.	A boy watches his classmates play in a courtyard, looking from above.
playing nearby. person singer with piano the a A	A person playing the piano with a singer nearby.
for shirt in a man A shopping red candy	A man in a red shirt shopping for candy
a orange in bicycle street. over t-shirt a is in an blue boy the taking a jump	a boy in a blue t-shirt is taking an orange bicycle over a jump in the street.
other foreground. each looking at the computer with monitors Two men in	Two men looking at each other with computer monitors in the foreground.
people a hill grassy rolling down two	two people rolling down a grassy hill
out in A the with of dog a mouth. his comes ball water	A dog comes out of the water with a ball in his mouth.
of extended the firetruck the side on A road. with ladder	A firetruck with ladder extended on the side of the road.
set flatscreen Two women up computer. small a	Two women set up a small flatscreen computer.
outside leaps the ring. wrestler another onto One professional	One professional wrestler leaps onto another outside the ring.
stone A man and sit wall. a small rest a against boy and	A man and a small boy sit and rest against a stone wall.
a A small is air tossing in woman the playfully. child	A woman is tossing a small child in the air playfully.
shaking off. dog itself is The brown	The brown dog is shaking itself off.
on sitting of a middle A water of in girl a body rock the	A girl sitting on a rock in the middle of a body of water
walking black dog white is beach. a on A and	A black and white dog is walking on a beach.
a with woman red A is dog a a with stick collar. in playing	A woman with a stick is playing with a dog in a red collar.
The amidst cap child little pigeons. in is the blue the	The little child in the blue cap is amidst the pigeons.
hats of people near A knit standing a van. crowd in	A crowd of people in knit hats standing near a van.
has on. swear A gear boy his	A boy has his swear gear on.
thck steaks mountain hiker A digging is into snow. the	A mountain hiker is digging steaks into the thck snow.
a shirt is sand. the red wearing through A running boy	A boy wearing a red shirt is running through the sand.
lady people Two while it. drive a top of Jeep a on sits the	Two people drive a Jeep while a lady sits on the top of it.
child young his grass hands sits swung on or A another her child while by watching. is	A young child is swung by his or her hands while another child sits on grass watching.
in a girl smiling shirt A another with girl. is blue	A girl in a blue shirt is smiling with another girl.
plays A the grass. in dog	A dog plays in the grass.
watch. wall dog Frisbee as grab while people man sitting a leaps stands a a on by to A	A man stands by as a dog leaps to grab a Frisbee while people sitting on a wall watch.
with dog small a A its course. mouth running a ball through in	A small dog with a ball in its mouth running through a course.
on surfing water young blue boy	young boy surfing on blue water
yellow a sliding wearing boy blow is slide. down A all up black	A boy wearing all black is sliding down a blow up yellow slide.
man and on rocks A dog on beach. a a	A man and a dog on rocks on a beach.
child to is playground preparing down equipment. piece of a slide A	A child is preparing to slide down a piece of playground equipment.
white back. goes brown dog looking A water and into while	A brown and white dog goes into water while looking back.
a white dog from black A ball the mouth. emerges its in water with	A black dog emerges from the water with a white ball in its mouth.
jumping over A a snowboarder slope. is snow	A snowboarder is jumping over a snow slope.
is brown down dog walking steps. A	A brown dog is walking down steps.
in colorful masks. costumes People and	People in colorful costumes and masks.
down steps. walk People	People walk down steps.
is that to tube. wave A a surfer beginning is riding	A surfer is riding a wave that is beginning to tube.
Woman sweater, and a slacks on in building. hat, a yellow red brown street rollerblading wearing front white a of the	Woman wearing a red sweater, brown slacks and a white hat, rollerblading on the street in front of a yellow building.
after camp setting Man up canoeing.	Man setting up camp after canoeing.
The is drenched swimming. dog	The drenched dog is swimming.
dog white is A while bird swimming lake flies a in away. a	A white dog is swimming in a lake while a bird flies away.
A dog another park. a runs behind at	A dog runs behind another at a park.
arrangement. adults children The outdoor are gathered an near and seating	The adults and children are gathered near an outdoor seating arrangement.
play near a pool. white Two puppies	Two white puppies play near a pool.
ball. a about to little boy black A kick is soccer	A little boy is about to kick a black soccer ball.
The white is pink and around pole. dog running a	The dog is running around a white and pink pole.
surface. in boy one the and with standing up over A leg water one leg held	A boy standing with one leg in water and one leg held up over the surface.
his man along hand. of a A with in can walks soda	A man walks along with a can of soda in his hand.
man close woman holding with one and a a cup another. A pose hair to facial blue	A woman holding a blue cup and a man with facial hair pose close to one another.
has blue mouth. dog ball in its a The	The dog has a blue ball in its mouth.
girl backside game a the screen. on A a closeup a from playing of	A closeup of a girl from the backside playing a game on a screen.
water. the dog through jumping is A	A dog is jumping through the water.
a phone. a shirt red girl on a in picture takes A	A girl in a red shirt takes a picture on a phone.
end. in bridge waiting is with crossing people other woman A one at the trees rope a	A woman is crossing a rope bridge in the trees with other people waiting at one end.
tiger jumps a rock. a off	a tiger jumps off a rock.
woman dress is covering hood a face in orange chair. hand her african An american a wearing while sitting with with an her	An african american woman wearing an orange dress with a hood is covering her face with her hand while sitting in a chair.
signs their out pose with public. in Three people political	Three people pose with their political signs out in public.
football are The jumping team and and players red up uniforms white the down. in	The football players in the red and white team uniforms are jumping up and down.
friend. her holding bike a hat and her talks Girl to wearing	Girl wearing a hat and holding her bike talks to her friend.
in motorcyclist a the doing air. A trick while	A motorcyclist doing a trick while in the air.
the A in to class. two teacher instructing a is how computer boys use	A teacher is instructing two boys how to use the computer in a class.
sit of A stand group children on near Asian steps. large or	A large group of Asian children sit on or stand near steps.
is black dog walking in the water A beside woods.	A black dog is walking beside water in the woods.
down with in another the snow falling boy a the into background young boy	a young boy falling down into the snow with another boy in the background
a on. sunglasses large puts woman her	a large woman puts her sunglasses on.
a hill. a a in standing stick and white his with mouth black dog on	a black and white dog with a stick in his mouth standing on a hill.
jump horse Jockey over and blue hurdle	Jockey and horse jump over blue hurdle
snowy a people climbing mountain. Two	Two people climbing a snowy mountain.
chewing a stick. A puppy brown on	A brown puppy chewing on a stick.
are running A a group people of race.	A group of people are running a race.
down set of a A skating is man stairs.	A man is skating down a set of stairs.
red and shirt cap on Woman white in surface. grey rollerblading	Woman in red shirt and white cap rollerblading on grey surface.
uses large, in The man drill. gear the red construction a	The man in the construction gear uses a large, red drill.
snow. a dogs, big run a dog, dog and small in Two the	Two dogs, a big dog and a small dog, run in the snow.
small while on up a tree a Dog hind his bites legs. A Dalmation on branch	A Dalmation Dog bites a small branch on a tree while up on his hind legs.
jumps man on skateboard. his air the A in	A man jumps in the air on his skateboard.
while their owners other greet dogs watch. Two large	Two large dogs greet other while their owners watch.
course. A Rollerblades skate a man on	A man Rollerblades on a skate course.
boy ride A helps man a bike. a	A man helps a boy ride a bike.
A in of swimming closeup dark-haired boy pool a of a young water.	A closeup of a young dark-haired boy swimming in a pool of water.
child an small a down snowy innertube hill racing a on	a small child racing down a snowy hill on an innertube
near on a snowy A a climber plain mountain mountaintop.	A mountain climber on a snowy plain near a mountaintop.
their heads. wooden on a laying with above children group the blocks of floor Two	Two children laying on the floor with a group of wooden blocks above their heads.
blond a large of in girl metal standing front a fan	a blond girl standing in front of a large metal fan
water. the dog a across white runs	a white dog runs across the water.
boy shirt white is a riding blue a bike. helmet and white A in	A boy in a blue shirt and white helmet is riding a white bike.
walking in girls street two the	two girls walking in the street
racing of on beach. a horses people A group	A group of people racing horses on a beach.
brown small The white small dog tunnel. a out of and is running	The small brown and white dog is running out of a small tunnel.
observing his trick a a dog in on front talent. crowd A ladder performs of a	A dog performs a trick on a ladder in front of a crowd observing his talent.
Two in playing. park grassy a dogs	Two dogs in a grassy park playing.
girl black a a his hat in on man A holds shoulders. small	A man in a black hat holds a small girl on his shoulders.
climbs red, wearing a man large rock. a	a man wearing red, climbs a large rock.
a a wearing red snowy lone skier a stumbling mountain backpack down	a lone skier wearing a red backpack stumbling down a snowy mountain
their with person A pond. dog in plays shallow a	A person plays with their dog in a shallow pond.
a man mountain. A climbing	A man climbing a mountain.
a head shaved man with A sunglasses smiles broadly. and	A man with a shaved head and sunglasses smiles broadly.
woods. a in the in sweatshirt A man	A man in a sweatshirt in the woods.
man. bed behind child the A a back from leaping of bed to	A child leaping from bed to bed behind the back of a man.
riding the curb her The on rest lady razer. after	The lady rest on the curb after riding her razer.
turning the beach. at somersault A man a	A man turning a somersault at the beach.
in terrace. A dog backyard a grey runs	A grey dog runs in a backyard terrace.
marker. with is A covered boy	A boy is covered with marker.
water with baby wood on a A a floor bottle	A baby on a wood floor with a water bottle
skateboarder prepares to The wipeout.	The skateboarder prepares to wipeout.
in mug drinks a an oxford in shirt from beer A man large tent. an	A man in an oxford shirt drinks from a beer mug in an large tent.
another with vertical in approaching surfer him wave A a	A surfer vertical in a wave with another approaching him
red and silver a helmet rider shirt. The is bike wearing	The bike rider is wearing a silver helmet and red shirt.
races wearing dog red large A greyhound shirt. a	A large greyhound dog races wearing a red shirt.
sidewalk. and a a beer holding woman of cup man A down walking the	A woman holding a cup of beer and a man walking down the sidewalk.
descends man A mountain. a snowy	A man descends a snowy mountain.
a offering a tray Starbucks drinks barista up of	a Starbucks barista offering up a tray of drinks
A position. higher at house inside black looking is at dog something	A black dog inside house is looking at something at higher position.
waiting shine is man a customer's by shoes. to large A plant a sitting	A man is sitting by a large plant waiting to shine a customer's shoes.
top fountain. of sitting a on swimsuit boy circular a A in	A boy in a swimsuit sitting on top of a circular fountain.
A child in the dirty plays house	A dirty child plays in the house
is someone wave nearby. along Someone a surfing with else swimming	Someone is surfing along a wave with someone else swimming nearby.
at younger in a gentleman's looking older gentleman An cap arm. a brown	An older gentleman in a brown cap looking at a younger gentleman's arm.
in with in in suit a black plaid girl A an man dances plaza. pants young outdoor a	A man in a black suit dances with a young girl in plaid pants in an outdoor plaza.
and bus while the with sidewalk front coat people a person stands a on look on. the A hair long in in street black of	A person with long hair and a black coat stands in the street in front of a bus while people on the sidewalk look on.
dog and A black swimming. white	A black and white dog swimming.
runs down A brown dog a beach.	A brown dog runs down a beach.
hay on setting. bales children sitting Halloween Two are a of in themed	Two children are sitting on bales of hay in a Halloween themed setting.
that behind ' ' and A shirt jeans Mark a stands " a ". in sign blue says Mom man Finley	A man in a blue shirt and jeans stands behind a sign that says " Mark ' Mom ' Finley ".
in A grass. playing the beagle young	A young beagle playing in the grass.
in white digging dogs and The are are and two the mud. black	The two dogs are white and black and are digging in the mud.
in swings the air. A young boy	A young boy swings in the air.
a dog leg white on one ball. to A small catch stands	A small white dog stands on one leg to catch a ball.
single A file of people group at are in an walking exhibit.	A group of people are walking in single file at an exhibit.
airborne of ATV A grass. in long yellow field is	A yellow ATV is airborne in field of long grass.
A defenders. player with basketball a ball and	A basketball player with a ball and defenders.
the playing the background. with in posters violin woman A	A woman playing the violin with posters in the background.
park. white Panasonic video woman a a A in camera holding	A white woman holding a Panasonic video camera in a park.
craft. on a paddle Children	Children paddle on a craft.
polka-dotted dress with red the in hand the the skirt. of holding is woman little girl The the	The woman is holding the hand of the little girl in the red dress with the polka-dotted skirt.
A piano playing a man	A man playing a piano
girl swinging swing. high on fence is a wooden A little above the	A little girl is swinging high above a wooden fence on the swing.
mouth other in fruit dogs his two follow while carries born dog him. A some	A born dog carries some fruit in his mouth while two other dogs follow him.
walks wearing long in A a a and desert. man top, backpack, and jeans sleeved a hooded,	A man wearing jeans and a hooded, long sleeved top, and a backpack, walks in a desert.
drift. dog snow A walking a along	A dog walking along a snow drift.
playground. of holding front three fire child's man on is A a things in	A man is holding three things on fire in front of a child's playground.
boy swing. a on young A plays	A young boy plays on a swing.
sliding playing running one the ball. Two towards men soccer, one	Two men playing soccer, one sliding one running towards the ball.
martial Two are sparring, his one belt to kicked man's has the uniforms wearing men other of black face. arts feet whom up	Two men wearing black belt martial arts uniforms are sparring, one of whom has kicked his feet up to the other man's face.
An hoodie a older is next man blue bags. to down sitting his in	An older man in a blue hoodie is sitting down next to his bags.
man shirt suited laughing mustached holds bearded ls in a a glass. while blue man a A up	A bearded man in a blue shirt ls laughing while a suited mustached man holds up a glass.
while watches. girl girl pink falling water dressed A dressed in in in red is little another	A little girl dressed in pink is falling in water while another girl dressed in red watches.
at a enthusiasts snowy rock Sledding gather and skiing formation.	Sledding and skiing enthusiasts gather at a snowy rock formation.
riding view bike on closeup a cyclist a of a	a closeup view of a cyclist riding on a bike
as other, walk leashes towards apart each Dogs owners grass. on on straining	Dogs straining on leashes towards each other, as owners walk apart on grass.
into a off land is wmoan and ditch. jumping A	A wmoan is jumping off land and into a ditch.
Four are mountains. overlooking a sitting ledge on adults	Four adults are sitting on a ledge overlooking mountains.
a park public with waterspout area. People a at	People at a park with a public waterspout area.
girl A with across ocean beach a in young background. runs wet the the	A young girl runs across a wet beach with the ocean in the background.
is water a gear backward swim of A over nearby large urban in an body area. falling man	A man is falling backward in swim gear over a large body of water nearby an urban area.
is the woman into An inside the shown. while of hut is aged looking camera her	An aged woman is looking into the camera while the inside of her hut is shown.
a is man A the pink sunglasses sun. sitting in in and shirt	A man in a pink shirt and sunglasses is sitting in the sun.
onstage. her final before gets out going makeup The dancer	The dancer gets her final makeup before going out onstage.
Two photograph and ruins tourists a countryside	Two tourists photograph a countryside and ruins
boy in house white a intently, A background. holding looking the blue basketball, a	A boy looking intently, holding a blue basketball, a white house in the background.
urban down drives wet night, Minivan water. at street splashing	Minivan drives down wet urban street at night, splashing water.
ball A on pitching. mound player the dirt	A ball player on the dirt mound pitching.
a tricks doing motorbike. in black A a person on jacket	A person in a black jacket doing tricks on a motorbike.
brown is the A dog and through white running snow.	A brown and white dog is running through the snow.
Small hair at sitting cup. blond with sippy green child table holding a a laughing	Small laughing child with blond hair sitting at a table holding a green sippy cup.
body in Dog water of swimming	Dog swimming in body of water
taking Four front of people bus. in a	Four people taking in front of a bus.
of interviews boy A a man front of crowd a people. in	A man interviews a boy in front of a crowd of people.
dogs A of around group outdoors. walk	A group of dogs walk around outdoors.
lying the snow angels children making in snow Two	Two children lying in the snow making snow angels
watercraft speeds through the A water.	A watercraft speeds through the water.
glasses down pulling toy and trains his looking boy a A young eye	A young boy pulling down his eye glasses and looking a toy trains
fitness completing A excercise dog a	A dog completing a fitness excercise
and subway in orange clothes yellow in winter with Two ride a car women seats.	Two women in winter clothes ride in a subway car with orange and yellow seats.
competing a in Rugby players match.	Rugby players competing in a match.
boy another A watches. while water jumps into	A boy jumps into water while another watches.
woman with an girl a white a hat. hat young older A in in tan	A young girl in a white hat with an older woman in a tan hat.
american carrying rides flag motorbike. Man	Man carrying american flag rides motorbike.
brown dog in its with Frisbee a A mouth. purple	A brown dog with a purple Frisbee in its mouth.
Frisbee, with a a in lake. swimming dog A	A dog with a Frisbee, swimming in a lake.
a a rides on man a large along bicycle rocky trail A river.	A man rides a bicycle on a rocky trail along a large river.
a The performing trick boy a skateboard. is on	The boy is performing a trick on a skateboard.
chinese three eat soup. people	three chinese people eat soup.
a does trick man his young on skateboard a on slope. A	A young man does a trick on his skateboard on a slope.
on are groups canoeing overlooking Two a a mountain. river	Two groups are canoeing on a river overlooking a mountain.
into A camo blue wearing vest lake. a life jumps and shorts blonde off diveboard blue a boy a	A blonde boy wearing a blue life vest and camo shorts jumps off a diveboard into a blue lake.
Woman around many sitting in dogs the her. with grass	Woman sitting in the grass with many dogs around her.
A midair. Frisbee a catches dog in	A dog catches a Frisbee in midair.
and one in beach the at pink black. other in the girls Two playing	Two girls playing at the beach one in pink and the other in black.
black dog walking A the beach. on	A black dog walking on the beach.
fly Many park. a people in kites	Many people fly kites in a park.
A a running brown in horse area. grassy large is	A large brown horse is running in a grassy area.
officers man to woman purple hair. naval with in A uniform stands a smiling next	A smiling man in naval officers uniform stands next to a woman with purple hair.
top his inside on holding head. something is of A boy	A boy is inside holding something on top of his head.
grassy field. two dogs running across a towards camera skinny are	two skinny dogs are running towards camera across a grassy field.
a men a Two for pose phone. picture on camera	Two men pose for a picture on a camera phone.
A the sandy flock of hovered over beach. birds	A flock of birds hovered over the sandy beach.
leap man in ravine. takes A snow-gear a a dressed snow-covered into	A man dressed in snow-gear takes a leap into a snow-covered ravine.
Three an people at outdoor sit cafe.	Three people sit at an outdoor cafe.
on next dog. the lying the is The floor baby to	The baby is lying on the floor next to the dog.
grass. on and Orange, white and dogs brown brown	Orange, brown and white and brown dogs on grass.
a girl a little young hugs boy.	a young girl hugs a little boy.
a a up man his rocky red hill rides wearing a bicycle uniform	a man wearing a red uniform rides his bicycle up a rocky hill
running green through is A top sand. a striped in boy barefoot the	A boy in a green striped top is running barefoot through the sand.
costume a stand in Women on stage.	Women in costume stand on a stage.
carnival. prize get family The attempts a the at to	The family attempts to get a prize at the carnival.
family african some An in makeshift of are front standing houses.	An african family are standing in front of some makeshift houses.
person A scales rock. a	A person scales a rock.
little A in pool. swimming a girl	A little girl swimming in a pool.
white leaning black trunk. a tree dog climbs and A	A black and white dog climbs a leaning tree trunk.
A the ocean. over man cliff down abseiling a is	A man is abseiling down a cliff over the ocean.
on A motorcyclist street. the	A motorcyclist on the street.
water. small dog White a of leaping across body	White dog leaping across a small body of water.
the in front of top ocean. rocks on climb of Two women	Two women climb on top of rocks in front of the ocean.
to after rest needs pigeons. stop family This their feed at walk so they long a park the the	This family needs a rest after their long walk so they stop at the park to feed the pigeons.
over her with a women face. pink mask A young	A young women with a pink mask over her face.
in the woods. dog A jumps	A dog jumps in the woods.
at and camera. a uniform the waving man smiling A in	A man in a uniform smiling and waving at the camera.
rider take yellow A a turn. motorcycle and	A yellow motorcycle and rider take a turn.
Three together pose women their and drinks. holding man a	Three women and a man pose together holding their drinks.
an wave. runs A from child approaching away	A child runs away from an approaching wave.
the on. dog a stands looks horse black grass A a brown at fence, in while	A black horse stands in the grass at a fence, while a brown dog looks on.
building. are entering in Many women stone colorful a saris	Many women in colorful saris are entering a stone building.
A a horse woman standing a fence next is in to shoes. playing jacket	A woman in a jacket is standing next to a fence playing horse shoes.
of in The a and holding some a conoe paddle in mountains. person front is	The person is in a conoe and holding a paddle in front of some mountains.
holding A handle. baby a onto	A baby holding onto a handle.
carpet. Three wrestle a children on floral	Three children wrestle on a floral carpet.
the a tries skateboarder The to railing. do trick down	The skateboarder tries to do a trick down the railing.
mechanical track. Greyhounds chasing rabbit the around a racing	Greyhounds racing chasing a mechanical rabbit around the track.
coming midair. in of white a A a child in out shirt swing	A child in a white shirt coming out of a swing in midair.
a official A past an player football. carrying runs football	A football player runs past an official carrying a football.
face the dress her a in yellow girl on A with shining sun	A girl in a yellow dress with the sun shining on her face
through carries white green yard. flip-flop a dog the pink A	A white dog carries a pink flip-flop through the green yard.
men a soccer wet field on two playing	two men playing soccer on a wet field
a water from is The drink taking fountain. a girl	The girl is taking a drink from a water fountain.
people angels the Two making in in snow snowsuits laying snow	Two people in snowsuits laying in the snow making snow angels
in night. at A tree is person a	A person is in a tree at night.
pond shirt. wears a and The of woman in rock red stands front a	The woman stands in front of a rock pond and wears a red shirt.
in water. dog A playing some	A dog playing in some water.
park. skateboarder a skate a executes in jump A	A skateboarder executes a jump in a skate park.
a in is and competition. a ridding shirt hat horse a cowboy pink a A wearing woman	A woman wearing a cowboy hat and a pink shirt is ridding a horse in a competition.
dog white running in and the black A is grass.	A black and white dog is running in the grass.
weathered, the to holds a of open A small, side watercraft on on child sea. green the	A child holds on to the side of a small, weathered, green watercraft on the open sea.
in midair. helmet pants Snowboarder yellow in and white	Snowboarder in yellow pants and white helmet in midair.
her A pouting lips a and girl tool. holding is long-handled young	A young girl is pouting her lips and holding a long-handled tool.
top of backpack. the swimsuit standing cliff a the on taking is photograph of man in a A woman carrying the	A woman in a swimsuit is standing on top of the cliff taking a photograph of the man carrying the backpack.
each by with leaves surrounded a two puppies playing bunch other of	two puppies playing with each other surrounded by a bunch of leaves
woman participates grey derby. A in roller uniform in a	A woman in a grey uniform participates in roller derby.
slope into Man a air. off the snowboard a jumping on	Man on a snowboard jumping off a slope into the air.
A standing hat middle the wearing red in a of road. boy is the	A boy wearing a red hat is standing in the middle of the road.
another league points little player. player to a	a little league player points to another player.
over chain. a dog A jumps	A dog jumps over a chain.
a wearing holding is who baby is A sunglasses. woman wearing onto	A woman is holding onto a baby wearing who is wearing sunglasses.
is the ocean. furry swimming The dog in brown	The furry brown dog is swimming in the ocean.
dog to The a ball. bite blue big tries	The dog tries to bite a big blue ball.
in a water. A collie with stick the black a dog and	A collie and a black dog with a stick in the water.
a on A child slide. red	A child on a red slide.
two in heavily wooded a of forest dogs the middle	two dogs in the middle of a heavily wooded forest
kid down a sliding teal is shirt the orange slide. in The	The kid in the orange shirt is sliding down a teal slide.
red A is man life a wearing jacked holding while purple waterskiing. a rope	A man wearing a red life jacked is holding a purple rope while waterskiing.
are dogs Two a chasing ball. small	Two small dogs are chasing a ball.
Spider-Man young wearing riding a a horse. girl redheaded is costume A hobby	A young redheaded girl wearing a Spider-Man costume is riding a hobby horse.
white ears on running with dog is the The dirt. pointed	The white dog with pointed ears is running on the dirt.
Asian dressed a as is explorer a with as movie is man up woman posing dressed starlet. an An	An Asian man is dressed as an explorer is posing with a woman dressed up as a movie starlet.
a towards dog hurdle. headlong runs A	A dog runs headlong towards a hurdle.
on look cold a for gloves cellphone dressed Two women screen. at something in and jackets weather	Two women dressed for cold weather in jackets and gloves look at something on a cellphone screen.
Tennis the running player ball. for	Tennis player running for the ball.
the in People city.	People in the city.
a behind. with road down man a far dirt Two women walking	Two women walking down a dirt road with a man far behind.
is and her red and jumping. holding above a woman hand vest white with a up that is A dog shirt black	A woman with a vest and red shirt is holding her hand up above a black and white dog that is jumping.
Two middle people a race. the dirt in of bike	Two people in the middle of a dirt bike race.
a The suspenders baby by toy. in sits	The baby in suspenders sits by a toy.
his has trick. arms out he This biker as tries young this	This young biker has his arms out as he tries this trick.
front snowboarder airborne of a trees. is in some	a snowboarder is airborne in front of some trees.
and in a swimming pool. man the boy A are	A man and a boy are in the swimming pool.
across walking a mountain. snow Person covered	Person walking across a snow covered mountain.
bull running with a behind fence him. is The yellow	The bull is running with a yellow fence behind him.
pulled cart in A donkey. by is person a a	A person is pulled in a cart by a donkey.
compete. football teams Two	Two football teams compete.
youn woman hands. walking a a holding path cement on them down back A another behind with couple man's	A youn woman on a man's back walking down a cement path with another couple behind them holding hands.
wearing tongue a denim young A boy out. sticks jacket his	A young boy wearing a denim jacket sticks his tongue out.
in of a silhouette air. skateboarder A the	A silhouette of a skateboarder in the air.
in Six kids water splash	Six kids splash in water
expression A young swinging. girl while mouthed making wide a	A young girl making a wide mouthed expression while swinging.
past an enclosed in and blue Girl field. jacket green walking	Girl in green and blue jacket walking past an enclosed field.
for hoop Two the near the ball game. basketball up men in a jump	Two men jump up for the ball near the hoop in a basketball game.
carrying A a bicycle. man	A man carrying a bicycle.
Frisbee in is catching brown dog a A midair.	A brown dog is catching a Frisbee in midair.
has around on little in a the woods. girl wooden little A bridge arms her standing a boy	A little girl has her arms around a little boy standing on a wooden bridge in the woods.
water. the A boat on	A boat on the water.
soccer. play Girls	Girls play soccer.
holding and fence wearing and dress lollipop girl boots little	little girl wearing dress and boots holding lollipop and fence
a metal with A boy head. his on colander	A boy with a metal colander on his head.
drink. mountain a A climber stops for	A mountain climber stops for a drink.
with truck. a Boy playing	Boy playing with a truck.
crowded a street. in kissing are A man and a woman	A man and a woman are kissing in a crowded street.
another. Two to outdoors and stand one girls talk	Two girls stand outdoors and talk to one another.
with A plays camera. puppy a	A puppy plays with a camera.
the dog's butt. sniffing black the dog brown is	the black dog is sniffing the brown dog's butt.
hill riding sled young down a girl a while a A woman snowy standing. and	A woman and a young girl riding a sled down a snowy hill while standing.
skateboarding Boy with hands residential on ground. falling the on farward street,	Boy skateboarding on residential street, falling farward with hands on the ground.
searching hound his is water This for the prey.	This hound is searching the water for his prey.
Three a little boys river. float on in a	Three little boys on a float in a river.
boxing practices man A	A man practices boxing
A writing of a sitting on something man is paper. pad outside	A man is sitting outside writing something on a pad of paper.
black A jumping. dog	A black dog jumping.
Men play hockey.	Men play hockey.
together wearing woman the street walking down skirts two	two woman wearing skirts walking down the street together
field in the An being nursed middle the of game. injured is football player a on	An injured football player is being nursed on the field in the middle of a game.
Two with stuffed young a their toy snake. the boys white window lean RV out of	Two young boys lean out the window of a white RV with their stuffed toy snake.
A fingerpaints. playing naked with are red baby toddler and	A naked baby and toddler are playing with red fingerpaints.
riding Three men woods. the through bikes	Three men riding bikes through the woods.
a People for in water are on ceremony. gathered a platform	People are gathered on a platform in water for a ceremony.
playing wearing a A tan blue an is orange with collar toy. dog	A tan dog wearing a blue collar is playing with an orange toy.
A black dog green with plays object. a	A black dog plays with a green object.
hat listening music a jacket woman wearing and black a single to leather	a single woman wearing a black hat and leather jacket listening to music
orange t-shirt playing an tennis wearing U. a Miami man	a man wearing an orange U. Miami t-shirt playing tennis
by man A attached is watched crowd. strings to a	A man attached to strings is watched by a crowd.
a A near man stands playground.	A man stands near a playground.
three men yellow floated the and boat. in three The dogs	The three men and three dogs floated in the yellow boat.
jumps water A below into of the a as cliff watch. person others off	A person jumps off of a cliff into the water below as others watch.
rows A below. boat man his	A man rows his boat below.
A pink through dog field. a shirt brown runs in a	A brown dog in a pink shirt runs through a field.
dressed man corner street A large a red a building. on brick by black in	A large man dressed in black on a street corner by a red brick building.
field flat a A dog to attempts in turn. make black a	A black dog in a flat field attempts to make a turn.
the brown statue chainsaw is fellow with The a a coveralls carving and with chainsaw.	The fellow with the chainsaw and brown coveralls is carving a statue with a chainsaw.
grass. is the football A in professional watching game referee a	A referee is watching a professional football game in the grass.
group croquet. of A play men	A group of men play croquet.
wall. A man climb to fake a attemping rock	A man attemping to climb a fake rock wall.
air. the in arm in stands A park a her with up woman	A woman in a park stands with her arm up in the air.
to infant woman A an showing dog small a	A woman showing a small dog to an infant
are to singer pianist ready A a and perform.	A pianist and a singer are ready to perform.
swing little A a in laughs. girl	A little girl in a swing laughs.
beach A on standing the sand with people	A beach with people standing on the sand
a helmet person in the googles is riding on with A dirt. and motorcycle a	A person with a helmet and googles on is riding a motorcycle in the dirt.
his with motorcycle. performing Man stunts	Man performing stunts with his motorcycle.
in A winter four people landscape snow. the with walking	A winter landscape with four people walking in the snow.
train tychy A miasto says station " "	A train station says " tychy miasto "
through man the A snow. of parachute a board with travels aid the a on quickly	A man on a board with the aid of a parachute travels quickly through the snow.
dances man A dress with bright orange in woman	A woman in bright orange dress dances with man
long-haired A a brown bench. and corners snarling a black brown dog wooden cat under	A snarling brown and black dog corners a brown long-haired cat under a wooden bench.
rock. and is A shorts on in of standing graffitied dark shirt man a a top high	A man in a dark shirt and shorts is standing on top of a high graffitied rock.
tutu girl a on handstand couch. in doing pink a a a	a girl in a pink tutu doing a handstand on a couch.
on bricks. head rests patio white dog A the its	A white dog rests its head on the patio bricks.
a the steps outside priests Two Orthodox on stand church.	Two Orthodox priests stand on the steps outside a church.
man sitting to water, next is A reading. the	A man is sitting next to the water, reading.
dogs two taking some hills man his grassy a on is photo another of A and man	A man is taking a photo of another man and his two dogs on some grassy hills
dog a and one of grass, carrying is Three a ball. dogs trot stretch tennis on	Three dogs trot on a stretch of grass, and one dog is carrying a tennis ball.
glass steel group A stand men building. a of and outside	A group of men stand outside a glass and steel building.
on stand front priests in building. stairs some of Two a	Two priests stand on some stairs in front of a building.
boy slide. water is jumping A down forwards a	A boy is jumping forwards down a water slide.
for up the dog. a puckering girl toddler kiss from A	A toddler girl puckering up for a kiss from the dog.
people the A nighttime. group a at by fire on of sitting grass	A group of people sitting on the grass by a fire at nighttime.
are women of A onstage. performing group	A group of women are performing onstage.
a white a black white van yellow and dog tied to and	a black and white dog tied to a yellow and white van
and woman men and with for Obama signs Gregoire. pose a Chris Two	Two men and a woman pose with signs for Obama and Chris Gregoire.
woman A in and a in a swing a a large shirt of sitting a front bandanna girl red shirt are blue and on house in	A woman in a red shirt and bandanna and a girl in a blue shirt are sitting on a large swing in front of a house
slide tunnel Young in girl	Young girl in tunnel slide
goalie with goal the during A game. assistance from hockey blocking teammate a a	A goalie blocking the goal with assistance from a teammate during a hockey game.
of fountain in front Children are playing leapfrog a	Children are playing leapfrog in front of a fountain
on horse's back. The child small is a	The small child is on a horse's back.
and in person helmet skyline soaring a front bicycle over on jumps, wears a of lake. A ground and the a	A person on a bicycle wears a helmet and jumps, soaring over the ground in front of a skyline and lake.
railing. snowboarder down riding A a	A snowboarder riding down a railing.
dogs a Two field. brown in	Two brown dogs in a field.
on path A brown dirt running white with dog a spots	A white dog with brown spots running on a dirt path
a of A closeup hummingbird.	A closeup of a hummingbird.
Energetic brown dog running	Energetic brown dog running
a to his A metal pole. bicycle locking man	A man locking his bicycle to a metal pole.
in a A a security by man stands sign. vest	A man in a security vest stands by a sign.
a field playing on A another with spotted dog baseball dog.	A spotted dog playing on a baseball field with another dog.
blue and a penguins, boy his with green surrounded wearing in A toys to shirt left boy, by a shirt another	A boy in a green shirt surrounded by toys and another boy, wearing a blue shirt with penguins, to his left
lot run a parking Two near a field across men	Two men run across a field near a parking lot
sitting a on sunset dock at people two Silhouette of	Silhouette of two people sitting on a dock at sunset
large white snow. in run Three around dogs	Three large dogs run around in white snow.
the leaping is Brown air. dog up into	Brown dog is leaping up into the air.
over parasurfer airborne the A water. is	A parasurfer is airborne over the water.
four people curvy speed on at high The skate the road.	The four people skate at high speed on the curvy road.
reeds. The stands water bird in white near tall	The white bird stands in water near tall reeds.
appear ball. black with dog and playing soccer a yellow large large A to dog a be	A large black dog and a large yellow dog appear to be playing with a soccer ball.
skateboard a A wearing shirt sidewalk. a on riding is a boy teal	A boy wearing a teal shirt is riding a skateboard on a sidewalk.
a crests surfer wetsuit a A wave. in	A surfer in a wetsuit crests a wave.
shirt surfboard. pink woman A a yellow surfs a on in	A woman in a yellow shirt surfs on a pink surfboard.
A woman attire another back. woman exercise on wearing her carrying matching	A woman carrying another woman wearing matching exercise attire on her back.
beach. do at the girls Three handstands	Three girls do handstands at the beach.
boat sitting sun is in water, man the reflecting a off and the rowing. a With	With the sun reflecting off the water, a man is sitting in a boat and rowing.
jacket a wearing denim along a walking sidewalk a woman	a woman wearing a denim jacket walking along a sidewalk
african stick ends. fire that a at with with is is a trick burning an performing man both	an african man is performing a trick with a stick that is burning with fire at both ends.
black hands blue mouth jacket boy printed near wearing a paint and hat, Young holds blue paper and face	Young boy wearing a paper printed hat, blue jacket and blue and black face paint holds hands near mouth
motorcycle does a on the a wheelie on track. man A	A man on a motorcycle does a wheelie on the track.
white holding Four them by are of a one guys fence, standing a Frisbee.	Four guys are standing by a white fence, one of them holding a Frisbee.
his A waist. a with woman, man next around standing her arm to is	A man is standing next to a woman, with his arm around her waist.
boy boy on stands Matt. while does A another the flip a	A boy does a flip while another boy stands on the Matt.
white dog The low black area. a jumps furry over and pole a grassy in	The black and white furry dog jumps over a low pole in a grassy area.
a and floor. on on wood children Two hands knees	Two children on hands and knees on a wood floor.
building. to man red the enter A prepares	A man prepares to enter the red building.
with a young bed laying is The in woman girl.	The woman is laying in bed with a young girl.
grass the a holding hat with yellow fishing pole A water person in a by	A person with a yellow hat holding a fishing pole in the grass by water
a suit walks down the in newspaper. holding man a white A street	A man in a white suit walks down the street holding a newspaper.
man down snowy snowboarding a hill. is The	The man is snowboarding down a snowy hill.
of the another at boat on a a lake. over prow Looking foggy boat	Looking over the prow of a boat at another boat on a foggy lake.
and polka-dot dress microphone. is hair a A black a black singing with wearing into woman white	A woman with black hair wearing a black and white polka-dot dress is singing into a microphone.
young to two woman one another. standing close and men, A	A woman and two young men, standing close to one another.
snow a covered on A is slope. pants red skier in	A skier in red pants is on a snow covered slope.
breaking front up Workers thatched of homes dirt in hoes. with	Workers in front of thatched homes breaking up dirt with hoes.
black A fence dog. dog through looks another at the	A black dog looks through the fence at another dog.
while A people eating. sit a black tables at hula hoops outfit girl in	A girl in a black outfit hula hoops while people sit at tables eating.
A its toy black is running in mouth. a with dog outside	A black dog is running outside with a toy in its mouth.
in in A grass its with mouth. runs a a ball dog field	A dog in a grass field runs with a ball in its mouth.
at Police protest a yellow jackets in	Police in yellow jackets at a protest
crowd A game on. player kicks looking the football during a red ball shirted a with	A football player kicks the ball during a game with a red shirted crowd looking on.
two boys car blue shirts a behind Two in other and fighting grey children.	Two boys in blue shirts fighting behind a grey car and two other children.
covered. are that snow adults a walking Three is child path one paved and along	Three adults and one child are walking along a paved path that is snow covered.
wind. a hair in lets the girl her blow	a girl lets her hair blow in the wind.
trees colored A looking of sits dog forward. front caramel in	A caramel colored dog sits in front of trees looking forward.
with of people umbrellas A clear street. on standing group the	A group of people with clear umbrellas standing on the street.
an shirt are signs dressed orange Three in and navy with their and young smiling fingers. doing boys	Three young boys dressed in an orange and navy shirt are smiling and doing signs with their fingers.
of elderly closeup A an man.	A closeup of an elderly man.
by being hugged girl girl. cyclist another A	A girl cyclist being hugged by another girl.
A area. in running a brown light dog grassy is	A light brown dog is running in a grassy area.
close sit a A behind child camera something while eating very children to the is table at other him.	A child is eating something very close to the camera while other children sit at a table behind him.
are baseball the The near on grass, dogs running a field.	The dogs are running on the grass, near a baseball field.
a near at corner light. stands black street A crossing man in a dressed	A man dressed in black stands at a street corner near a crossing light.
dogs the together in play field. Three	Three dogs play together in the field.
clad deck. The the scantily get away from two to the climbs fence wire over barbed people on the threatening cowgirl	The scantily clad cowgirl climbs over the barbed wire fence to get away from the two threatening people on the deck.
A a black a in sweatshirt man looking scrubby sign. holding	A scrubby looking man in a black sweatshirt holding a sign.
face woman's side glasses, oversized Closeup gold blocking and sun hair a earring. old of the gray with an of	Closeup of the side of an old woman's face with oversized sun blocking glasses, gray hair and a gold earring.
is mountainside. man on The the	The man is on the mountainside.
dog a is water is collar a jumping red wearing after black into The Frisbee. the and	The black dog is wearing a red collar and is jumping into the water after a Frisbee.
red indoors, reaching lamp. climbing couch on for Baby arm,	Baby indoors, climbing on red couch arm, reaching for lamp.
toboggan smiles with girl and crafts. they do A sunglasses background as her in a with the friend	A girl with a toboggan and sunglasses smiles with her friend in the background as they do crafts.
jumping children on the shore. Four	Four children jumping on the shore.
off high jumping stone snowboarder is a wall. A	A snowboarder is jumping off a high stone wall.
off jump a motor A massive dirt biker gets air	A motor biker gets massive air off a dirt jump
it. outside school It with children like looks a of sitting	It looks like a school with children sitting outside of it.
green a A rides surfer over board waves. the	A surfer rides a green board over the waves.
wearing tipped woman microphone writing. Women a beside her glasses blue another top with into speaking and a black	Women wearing a black top and glasses speaking into a blue tipped microphone with another woman beside her writing.
one in cart, The the a window. side man of subway with	The side of a subway cart, with one man in the window.
A waterskies. man	A man waterskies.
skiing a snowy mountainside. A person down	A person skiing down a snowy mountainside.
blue leaping air over a over the walk into Seven people water.	Seven people leaping into the air over a walk over blue water.
the on hangs a hoops. pink girl wearing	a girl wearing pink hangs on the hoops.
sprinklers. child backyard in A plays	A child plays in backyard sprinklers.
running is through tall grass. the The Doberman	The Doberman is running through the tall grass.
a in hand on the guy The black checkered rectangle. his is jacket on standing	The guy in the black jacket is standing on his hand on a checkered rectangle.
waiting a of in are in large dark. line crowd people the A	A large crowd of people are waiting in a line in the dark.
man big in a to city. jacket a white black walks a in building next leather A brick	A man in a black leather jacket walks next to a white brick building in a big city.
fight people in Two the watch. as sumo ring wrestlers	Two sumo wrestlers fight in the ring as people watch.
A lake of a afternoon front silohuetted pond. or shown in child are in sun dog and	A child and dog are shown silohuetted in afternoon sun in front of a lake or pond.
carries its large the over dog mouth in stick grass. a A	A dog carries a large stick in its mouth over the grass.
appears blond for in A blue wait shirt woman to ride. a a	A blond woman in a blue shirt appears to wait for a ride.
a gray scary A robe. in person	A person in a scary gray robe.
A to her son helping Rollerblade. mom is	A mom is helping her son to Rollerblade.
a ground. dog pecks white A log rests the at on as a chicken	A white dog rests on a log as a chicken pecks at the ground.
on grass. dog A running	A dog running on grass.
play and in white rope a dog backyard toy a with a a black	a black and a white dog play with a rope toy in a backyard
mountain. to about the A go down skier	A skier about to go down the mountain.
sits some man military and papers. through A looks dressed in down uniform	A man dressed in military uniform sits down and looks through some papers.
rock A climbs. man	A man rock climbs.
running. is with gloves black girl A	A girl with black gloves is running.
red a playing in the with ring out field. Men	Men playing with a red ring out in the field.
playing a paved are on road. children and Women	Women and children are playing on a paved road.
area, distance. men fenced-in large play Two two a watch in from a dogs while	Two dogs play in a large fenced-in area, while two men watch from a distance.
evil gives eye to a the an camera. asian man	a asian man gives an evil eye to the camera.
in are playing a Four basketball men game.	Four men are playing in a basketball game.
reads book a a on woman train. a	a woman reads a book on a train.
his A skateboard boy a pipe rides across a on building.	A boy rides his skateboard across a pipe on a building.
rider A spinning tires motorcycle his circle. a in	A motorcycle rider spinning his tires in a circle.
and at rocket use pump lady little a marina. boy a A a to launch a	A lady and a little boy use a pump to launch a rocket at a marina.
runs with the hair dog in red and A long grass. vest a	A dog with long hair and a red vest runs in the grass.
floor on wrestler from referee looks away curled a on. One as a up wrestler walks the	One wrestler walks away from a wrestler curled up on the floor as a referee looks on.
white the flying low is Large crane near water.	Large white crane is flying low near the water.
behind people. is a of setting The sun group	The sun is setting behind a group of people.
Javelin competition	Javelin competition
the after is The running ball. player baseball	The baseball player is running after the ball.
dog. is playing shaggy man with the little The	The man is playing with the shaggy little dog.
dog A rope. large chewing a a smaller looks who blue is dog at	A large dog looks at a smaller dog who is chewing a blue rope.
and A tan, sidewalk. dog white, towards black a runs	A tan, white, and black dog runs towards a sidewalk.
are Three bikers race in a the mountain in woods.	Three mountain bikers are in a race in the woods.
grass. on its green in Large back dog rolling	Large dog rolling on its back in green grass.
green white and white A dog boy a pole a and red over shirt jumps a in black watches. while	A black and white dog jumps over a red and white pole while a boy in a green shirt watches.
A jogger. woman	A woman jogger.
brown dirt light is a wearing man riding in A shirt bike woods. a the	A man wearing a light brown shirt is riding a dirt bike in the woods.
a on young Six subway. people up cutting	Six young people cutting up on a subway.
shirt her bed. onto girl skirt a in and A blue pounces colorful	A girl in a colorful skirt and blue shirt pounces onto her bed.
mouth. ball collie in by a A its border course a runs with	A border collie runs by a course with a ball in its mouth.
The wall. girl a is climbing rock	The girl is climbing a rock wall.
midair. bike dirt Two in riders	Two dirt bike riders in midair.
behind away drives a rally up the dust car down trail. it as red throws white and	a red and white rally car throws up dust behind it as drives away down the trail.
a boy on does tricks railing. skateboard A	A boy does skateboard tricks on a railing.
as another small dirt man attempts on a looking is bike. boulder climb with A his to man	A man is looking on as another man attempts to climb a small boulder with his dirt bike.
wearing sunglasses girl by shirt with blue the man on a beach. little standing is A a	A little girl with a blue shirt is standing by a man wearing sunglasses on the beach.
looking the are black sidewalk. and a A man wearing and at something on woman	A man and a woman are wearing black and looking at something on the sidewalk.
other during each rollerskating women a pushing Two competition.	Two women pushing each other during a rollerskating competition.
a field. after A dog tennis ball brown a large runs in	A large brown dog runs after a tennis ball in a field.
and a above trampoline. boy air a Two the girl, children, in a	Two children, a boy and a girl, in the air above a trampoline.
rides biker down mountain The rocky path. blue in a	The mountain biker in blue rides down a rocky path.
A skiing in mountains man the	A man skiing in the mountains
a graffitied over heavily performing wall. A bicyclist a trick	A bicyclist performing a trick over a heavily graffitied wall.
on man boat A the his in lake	A man in his boat on the lake
and laughing at orange girl looks Girl another child bathing pointing suit while in on bottoms bathing in	Girl in bathing suit pointing and laughing at child in orange bathing bottoms while another girl looks on
jeans with person on lake. the in A dressed of shore running dogs a two	A person dressed in jeans running with two dogs on the shore of a lake.
in raises parade. her hand red a scarf she walks a woman A wearing as	A woman wearing a red scarf raises her hand as she walks in a parade.
been tire track out is has that the carved in a along golden snow. dog running a	a golden dog is running along a tire track that has been carved out in the snow.
A dirt hill. dog climbing steep a	A dog climbing a steep dirt hill.
golden of enter people living room. A a fancy group	A group of people enter a fancy golden living room.
his teenager bowed shirt with white gold A a in hat closed. and head and eyes	A teenager in a white shirt and gold hat with his head bowed and eyes closed.
boy backwards. the looks The shirt in orange	The boy in the orange shirt looks backwards.
with fishing boy kilt is stick. A a a little in	A little boy in a kilt is fishing with a stick.
A spandex riding in busy a biker on street.	A biker in spandex riding on a busy street.
dog on black the jumping and Frisbee small grass a A white to catch	A small black and white dog jumping on the grass to catch a Frisbee
in blue a woman a headcover and wearing scarf A hold wearing fingers boy a signs. peace	A woman wearing a blue headcover and a boy wearing a scarf hold fingers in peace signs.
boy young in A face down water. laying	A young boy laying face down in water.
water by down a coming are People shoot. splashed	People are splashed by water coming down a shoot.
space. staring off is wearing man A glasses into	A man wearing glasses is staring off into space.
into water dives the A girl girl while her. watches another	A girl dives into the water while another girl watches her.
video and A game to sign. a stands man three next machines beer	A man stands next to three video game machines and a beer sign.
looking at fountain sitting men water bench are on a Two a	Two men are sitting on a bench looking at a water fountain
field a young is grass in of A green shirt in child standing white a	A young child in a white shirt is standing in a field of green grass
in water. the Two run dogs	Two dogs run in the water.
the dog The paper. retrieves owner's	The dog retrieves the owner's paper.
in lake. playing a boys Two	Two boys playing in a lake.
white a Frisbee. black A returns and dog	A black and white dog returns a Frisbee.
in beautiful A flight. takes bird off white	A beautiful white bird takes off in flight.
fingers. small on chews black A dog	A small black dog chews on fingers.
softball Women base. onto the playing are and catcher slides	Women are playing softball and the catcher slides onto base.
greyhounds on racing track a	greyhounds racing on a track
area. middle the of blue sits through in running stream forested a A a jeep	A blue jeep sits in the middle of a stream running through a forested area.
dirt. in a dog small large with the is dog a playing	a large dog is playing with a small dog in the dirt.
and large on white dog black is This sand. the running	This large black and white dog is running on the sand.
children five sit all together The the on swing.	The five children all sit together on the swing.
a flying. of hummingbird A closeup	A closeup of a hummingbird flying.
A bat. red a a plastic Winnie little t-shirt in Pool the holds boy up blonde	A little blonde boy in a Winnie the Pool t-shirt holds up a red plastic bat.
top a Girl on in pink a skateboard tank with rail grinds	Girl in pink tank top grinds on a rail with a skateboard
Two in and playing dressed kids are up water. the	Two kids are dressed up and playing in the water.
A wave. large a surfing under is person	A person is surfing under a large wave.
street. young aross runs boy A the	A young boy runs aross the street.
their pose in a grassy of people A group dogs. field with	A group of people pose in a grassy field with their dogs.
man a match. during tennis A running	A man running during a tennis match.
furry dog A playing in the sand. white	A furry white dog playing in the sand.
a a field people ball Three in are hockey chasing game.	Three people are chasing a ball in a field hockey game.
water. hand ocean with he is A a walks paddle beach the on boy as the his through in	A boy is on the beach with a paddle in his hand as he walks through the ocean water.
the fall kite A surfer in ocean. to begins	A kite surfer begins to fall in the ocean.
is man animal black A with hat shirt. an in print talking a to woman a	A man in a black hat is talking to a woman with an animal print shirt.
park. wrestling the are Two in dogs	Two dogs are wrestling in the park.
a field in dogs background two snowcapped with rocks in jump the snowy	two dogs jump in a snowy field with snowcapped rocks in the background
is her child trying is towards woman catch a blowing A that to bubbles young	A young child is trying to catch bubbles that a woman is blowing towards her
pants girl dogs. with purple two running in A	A girl in purple pants running with two dogs.
with and walk an child the pouring woman the in umbrella A through street rain.	A woman and child with an umbrella walk through the street in the pouring rain.
in on bike man helmet A his trail. riding black a a	A man in a black helmet riding his bike on a trail.
outdoors. Two wrestle dogs	Two dogs wrestle outdoors.
shows The diver underwater. found scuba he something off	The scuba diver shows off something he found underwater.
in couple A kissing dressed on hoodies the beach.	A couple dressed in hoodies kissing on the beach.
coach towards A his is team haired young they him. run white men of coaching while	A white haired coach is coaching his team of young men while they run towards him.
and in bike with grassy area. a dirt standing on A man helmet backpack hilly	A man with helmet and backpack standing on dirt bike in a hilly grassy area.
leaps dog a white The toy. to black catch and	The black and white dog leaps to catch a toy.
a boat brown in the shore with on running A dog background.	A brown dog running on shore with a boat in the background.
Boston on stand people winter. street in Two a	Two people stand on a Boston street in winter.
ready return gets tennis ball. the player A to	A tennis player gets ready to return the ball.
ramp over on jumps a course. A snowboarder mountain a	A snowboarder jumps over a ramp on a mountain course.
rock a a child. is in with shirt climbing child wall A another Tye-dyed	A child in a Tye-dyed shirt is climbing a rock wall with another child.
near Six children a water fountain.	Six children near a water fountain.
overlooks buildings. stone people that trees sitting Four and a wall on	Four people sitting on a stone wall that overlooks trees and buildings.
other each Two their women are smiling. and around have arms	Two women have their arms around each other and are smiling.
the people outlines of sun surrounding trees. setting and a group four The	The setting sun outlines a group of four people and the surrounding trees.
with Two hockey a ball field sticks. to players their attempt hit	Two field hockey players attempt to hit a ball with their sticks.
houses sky. a sitting. helicopter people and and seen plane in A underneat the	A plane and a helicopter in the sky. houses seen underneat and people sitting.
of cigarette man front building. a A government smoking is a in black type	A black man smoking a cigarette is in front of a government type building.
the jump leaping A mountains. a in is of snowboarder	A snowboarder is leaping of a jump in the mountains.
and mouth snowy field. dog toy A black in walks the white his a carries on	A black dog carries a white toy in his mouth and walks on the snowy field.
off wet gives in spray hair water long Woman's	Woman's long wet hair gives off spray in water
trick does a A man bike. jump a on	A man does a jump trick on a bike.
rocky stand cliff a with water People below. by	People stand by a rocky cliff with water below.
statue. near man A stands on peak a a	A man stands on a peak near a statue.
man ride. gives piggy man a back a another	a man gives another man a piggy back ride.
A snow plays the child at in with a sled dusk.	A child with a sled plays in the snow at dusk.
across lawn. running a dog A yellow	A yellow dog running across a lawn.
dogs snow running the Four in	Four dogs running in the snow
girls in for pose attire a evening picture. Four	Four girls in evening attire pose for a picture.
at bikini in a something in young A glass woman looking case. a	A young woman in a bikini looking at something in a glass case.
surfboard off surfer of a he is on blue wave. it a hits falling A as	A surfer on a blue surfboard is falling off of it as he hits a wave.
racer leans A motorcycle his bike.	A motorcycle racer leans his bike.
A man bike. on wheelie doing a a dirt	A man doing a wheelie on a dirt bike.
a large dog brown the dirt in small black with dog. A	A large black dog in the dirt with a small brown dog.
curly a is A fluffy haired white and with brown puppy puppy. playing white,	A fluffy white and brown puppy is playing with a white, curly haired puppy.
tan shallow A on ocean dog running a water. leash in	A tan dog on a leash running in shallow ocean water.
shirt horse and pulling without green a guiding wagon. A yellow on brown man a is a large	A man without a shirt on is guiding a large brown horse pulling a green and yellow wagon.
man A his a doing stands on wheelie. while motorcycle	A man stands on his motorcycle while doing a wheelie.
one shirt blue pushing a another him. red wearing swing wearing riding on boy a while shirt boy a	one boy wearing a red shirt riding on a swing while another boy wearing a blue shirt pushing him.
one bed from to boy A another. jumps	A boy jumps from one bed to another.
dog. nips A playfully a at puppy larger smaller	A smaller puppy playfully nips at a larger dog.
is leaping the dog The into pond.	The dog is leaping into the pond.
downhill A snowboarder riding	A snowboarder riding downhill
a snowy Young sliding down in hill. a hat winter boy	Young boy in a winter hat sliding down a snowy hill.
brown cow and cow Dog chasing black	Dog chasing brown cow and black cow
play playground a child A playing on set.	A child playing on a playground play set.
and a standing bulldog, in dog, sheep yard. A a a boxer	A bulldog, a sheep dog, and a boxer standing in a yard.
a child on A dune. sand jumps	A child jumps on a sand dune.
A with crowd the a woman background. redheaded in	A redheaded woman with a crowd in the background.
a shallow dog pink with ball its in A standing black in mouth. water	A black dog standing in shallow water with a pink ball in its mouth.
in red black hats and children and clothes perform. black Four	Four children in black and red hats and black clothes perform.
in hanging swing on a a purple a down child upside shirt young	a young child in a purple shirt hanging upside down on a swing
A red tree toddler in a of a branches grey sweatpants in and the sweatshirt	A toddler in a red sweatshirt and grey sweatpants in the branches of a tree
is climbing. boy The	The boy is climbing.
the area. warily looks dog investigating his A brown dog at	A dog looks warily at the brown dog investigating his area.
two camels. girls ride	two girls ride camels.
a boy from behind. him watching wielding is A long are white whilst people stick some	A boy is wielding a long white stick whilst some people are watching him from behind.
over a jumping border collie A hurdle.	A border collie jumping over a hurdle.
field. ball man rugby in uniform a hitting a in grassy a A	A man in a rugby uniform hitting a ball in a grassy field.
orange while on dogs the pull sand. ball Two playing both in same the	Two dogs both pull on the same orange ball while playing in the sand.
front women green in walking door two of Asian a	two Asian women walking in front of a green door
direction cut tread turning field. a leading are from along low Three snow dogs a	Three dogs are turning direction along a snow tread leading from a low cut field.
rowboat a in a dock lake. of Girl the leaving thin	Girl in a thin rowboat leaving the dock of a lake.
a Two with them on swings pushing woman children	Two children on swings with a woman pushing them
shoot A basketball has in the player to basketball. the jumped air	A basketball player has jumped in the air to shoot the basketball.
and foreground three and her. performing others singing guitar the playing A behind in woman	A woman playing guitar and singing in the foreground and three others performing behind her.
white in and blue water. dog swims A black	A black and white dog swims in blue water.
run field girls outside. a in Three	Three girls run in a field outside.
A a dog on a top wearing in grass. tan of the at and collar doberman is growling	A tan dog is on top of and growling at a doberman wearing a collar in the grass.
photo. a group person A on pillar a standing taking	A person standing on a pillar taking a group photo.
and a A plastic coverings. in woman man	A man and a woman in plastic coverings.
a a " crowd holds sign Those who hypocrites. man " Israel blame says in A are that	A man in a crowd holds a sign that says " Those who blame Israel are hypocrites. "
wedding a good is the time A at child having reception.	A child is having a good time at the wedding reception.
group on teenagers in a the beach. the jumping are of air	a group of teenagers are jumping in the air on the beach.
garden city. walking a a in People through large	People walking through a garden in a large city.
spiderman outfit. is a man wearing The	The man is wearing a spiderman outfit.
white in paddling a is blue and container. A brown dog water through deep	A brown and white dog is paddling through deep water in a blue container.
water him. with the lying A of in beside dog a body grass is	A dog is lying in the grass with a body of water beside him.
feet his is man a resting blue shorts shirt a A in rock and wearing on stream. rocky a soaking	A man wearing a blue shirt and shorts is resting on a rock soaking his feet in a rocky stream.
person the performing a a air skateboarding trick. in on A while skateboard is	A person on a skateboard is in the air while performing a skateboarding trick.
doing is in boy street. on A run down a a stunt bicycle jumping a	A boy is doing a jumping stunt on a bicycle in a run down street.
mouth runs on open. dog its black A grass green with	A black dog runs on green grass with its mouth open.
a is hoop shoot player to basketball ready getting A	A basketball player is getting ready to shoot a hoop
front. parked in of has that People cars stand a outside building	People stand outside of a building that has cars parked in front.
sitting while in An window. a woman crying elderly is	An elderly woman is crying while sitting in a window.
A petting a man dog.	A man petting a dog.
shirt skateboarding street man a steap down striped blue and a black wearing a	a man wearing a blue and black striped shirt skateboarding down a steap street
dogs group racing. A of	A group of dogs racing.
Ok Ok, hooker. that pot outside A for beer, a " need and " Ok I money a a hotel man sign holds reads	A man holds a sign outside a hotel that reads " Ok Ok Ok, I need money for beer, pot and a hooker. "
brick boy stands wall. dances a another on short boy as A	A boy dances as another boy stands on a short brick wall.
are Two platform. spinning on enjoying themselves girls a	Two girls are enjoying themselves on a spinning platform.
face blowing his whistle. white a with man painted A is	A man with his face painted white is blowing a whistle.
man another is A on a standing. bench who man sitting is facing	A man is sitting on a bench facing another man who is standing.
man product to demonstrates A audience. an his	A man demonstrates his product to an audience.
his black A ball swims mouth. with dog in colorful water a in	A black dog swims in water with a colorful ball in his mouth.
the basketball struggle players ball. for Two	Two basketball players struggle for the ball.
sings and A into microphone. guitar a plays man	A man plays guitar and sings into a microphone.
running. dark A in is shorts boy haired gray shirtless	A shirtless dark haired boy in gray shorts is running.
on ball A black-and-white flattened dog snow. for the a goes	A black-and-white dog goes for a flattened ball on the snow.
necklace and floral wearing a a smiles. drink A woman makes	A woman wearing a floral necklace makes a drink and smiles.
the boy and a baseball leaps A ball. yellow player jersey for in green	A boy baseball player in a green and yellow jersey leaps for the ball.
A walker. playing baby is in a	A baby is playing in a walker.
a in leaps A disc. to catch air dog the	A dog leaps in the air to catch a disc.
Two the in with background. run in grass green dogs large water	Two large dogs run in green grass with water in the background.
while another something for beside stands One him. child up reaches	One child reaches up for something while another stands beside him.
wall. a are in people tent Two a brick near	Two people are in a tent near a brick wall.
machine with boy in a The the is wheels. air with	The boy is in the air with a machine with wheels.
paddle his the his The man kayak falls and water tips. flies while into	The man falls into the water while his paddle flies and his kayak tips.
a surfer wave. catching A	A surfer catching a wave.
covered red buildings. next is street walking to snow brick dressed a denim in along A man	A man dressed in denim is walking along a snow covered street next to red brick buildings.
is man wearing a the near flying A shore. kite jean	A man wearing jean is flying a kite near the shore.
hands pillar cobblestones. with his on a above the A boy head stands above cement his	A boy with his hands above his head stands on a cement pillar above the cobblestones.
swim water the trunks in the at beach A in boy	A boy in swim trunks in the water at the beach
A is tree. Dalmatian playing a near	A Dalmatian is playing near a tree.
footballer strip. red and is wearing An a American white	An American footballer is wearing a red and white strip.
head. cardboard boy his box atop a samll a young with	a young boy with a samll cardboard box atop his head.
A area. dog a in snowy	A dog in a snowy area.
in ice. snow a person drilling in the A hole the	A person in the snow drilling a hole in the ice.
are dogs in brown water. Three the	Three brown dogs are in the water.
blanket. a her puppies lay The dog and on	The dog and her puppies lay on a blanket.
walking A child is the wearing grass. green a through white shirt	A child wearing a white shirt is walking through the green grass.
large is descending rock off climber rock A a	A rock climber is descending off a large rock
looking A it dog white straps is on with red back.	A white dog with red straps on it is looking back.
red Young with man fringe helmet in gold	Young man in gold helmet with red fringe
through creek mouth. a with A running is in stick its a dog	A dog is running through a creek with a stick in its mouth.
A child water. in standing wet	A wet child standing in water.
runs dog snow. through A the	A dog runs through the snow.
walking brown whilst girl snow. in jacket The a wearing	The girl wearing a brown jacket whilst walking in snow.
off rail. snowboard jumps in his man a coat A a yellow	A man in a yellow coat jumps his snowboard off a rail.
girls looks while a she sits bug A finger on shocked.	A bug sits on a girls finger while she looks shocked.
white are leash Two two dogs open with and one at on doorway. an women another tan	Two dogs one white and another tan are on leash with two women at an open doorway.
some portable next the in A waits family city. toilets to	A family waits next to some portable toilets in the city.
their Two little girls blonde hair. twirl	Two little blonde girls twirl their hair.
with goats. white stand of people A in group white	A group of people in white stand with white goats.
dog another harnessed behind. over log dog leaps A as a follows	A harnessed dog leaps over a log as another dog follows behind.
kids the queen Two and king a in their of putting heads young bodies	Two young kids putting their heads in the bodies of a king and queen
and A street. the on guitar a man sits in plays box a	A man sits on a box and plays a guitar in the street.
in rock a with Man helmet area. climbing snowy	Man with helmet rock climbing in a snowy area.
outside hooded large and on huddle Young, steps girl boy doors.	Young, hooded boy and girl huddle on steps outside large doors.
in water. Two dogs shallow play	Two dogs play in shallow water.
black dog digs snow. A the in	A black dog digs in the snow.
behind in looks snowboarder herself. jumpsuit green A a	A snowboarder in a green jumpsuit looks behind herself.
by boots man snowy a a red-vested Skier his has hill on check	Skier on a snowy hill has his boots check by a red-vested man
This dress is a an a onto bicycle. orange man girl helping in	This man is helping a girl in an orange dress onto a bicycle.
baby The cheek. pinches woman's the	The baby pinches the woman's cheek.
man of a view orange helmet an Downward with a climbing rock.	Downward view of a man with an orange helmet climbing a rock.
the another brown standing dog grass in lay dog watches A	A standing brown dog watches another dog lay in the grass
who along is the the ball. one wearing children of A field holding after uniforms run group	A group of children wearing uniforms run along the field after one who is holding the ball.
are wearing The two feathers. yellow members band with hats	The two band members are wearing hats with yellow feathers.
in is mouth. a choke with dog holding gauntlet its A a collar	A dog with a choke collar is holding a gauntlet in its mouth.
ride an escalator. Several people up	Several people ride up an escalator.
his hat photo a a looks taking with passerby with while man annoyed. A camera, a	A man with a hat taking a photo with his camera, while a passerby looks annoyed.
guy in rock big woods. hanging A the is a on	A guy is hanging on a big rock in the woods.
the A " wearing sign. " in two thumbs up goggles, gives boy pool, swimming a	A boy in a swimming pool, wearing goggles, gives the " two thumbs up " sign.
a plays standing stage. drummer instrument a next on to a musician strange a pipe whilst	a musician plays a strange pipe instrument whilst standing next to a drummer on a stage.
and dog with in black, snow his the out A white is tongue brown	A black, brown and white dog with his tongue out is in the snow
toy a young A girl over is skateboard. a draping a on boy young	A young boy is draping a toy over a young girl on a skateboard.
outside. bathing girls young Two golden retriever a	Two young girls bathing a golden retriever outside.
orange glasses wearing huge a blowing the shirt bubble. is The girl and	The girl wearing the orange shirt and glasses is blowing a huge bubble.
dogs The are two the grass. through running	The two dogs are running through the grass.
woman A at museum. red down shirt something writing is a wearing and white pants a	A woman wearing a white shirt and red pants is writing something down at a museum.
kiddie into white girl a dark-haired is pool. sliding The	The dark-haired girl is sliding into a white kiddie pool.
and is jumping man out ski the one of on waterskiing A water.	A man is waterskiing on one ski and jumping out of the water.
sunglasses. girl black wears a	a girl wears black sunglasses.
A along the walks sandy beach. dog fluffy	A fluffy dog walks along the sandy beach.
Mohawk the long playing violin. A boy with purple is blonde a	A blonde boy with a long purple Mohawk is playing the violin.
an A arcade plays child young game.	A young child plays an arcade game.
water. dog Brown treads through	Brown dog treads through water.
bowl. is blue dropping A in a white dressed skateboarder into	A skateboarder dressed in white is dropping into a blue bowl.
the dog get white to jumps black Frisbee. and a	a black and white dog jumps to get the Frisbee.
swing. A in a boy small	A small boy in a swing.
a boy in puddle. hat plays a birthday A wearing	A boy wearing a birthday hat plays in a puddle.
him, knee them. man others a one three in surrounding and on A down the behind crowd foreground,	A man down on one knee in the foreground, three others behind him, and a crowd surrounding them.
under brush. brown A walks in the dog	A brown dog walks in the under brush.
glasses with tongue a up out with young looking boy at Dog	Dog with tongue out looking up at a young boy with glasses
walking White wet sand. across bird	White bird walking across wet sand.
on an Man ATV air ! catching	Man on an ATV catching air !
handstand A does small one a hand. on boy	A small boy does a handstand on one hand.
nearby. children pool beach Two floating ball in with are a a	Two children are in a pool with a beach ball floating nearby.
dog hold a with other its teeth. The the brown dogs has cheek of	The brown dog has a hold of the other dogs cheek with its teeth.
the a players in one lock. Soccer head scuffle other a in puts as get	Soccer players get in a scuffle as one puts the other in a head lock.
squirt wearing children water Two each other. at jeans	Two children wearing jeans squirt water at each other.
child the holding the walking the woman dog of on The is hand unicycle. the	The woman walking the dog is holding the hand of the child on the unicycle.
a large in A couple of outdoor photographed front is fountain.	A couple is photographed in front of a large outdoor fountain.
tan in stick dog mouth. curly A its a in haired snow the with jumps	A tan curly haired dog jumps in the snow with a stick in its mouth.
green catch and toy. dog A is to purple jumping a up black	A black dog is jumping up to catch a purple and green toy.
the dog through A white running snow	A white dog running through the snow
columns. woman a A walks some between bicycle	A woman walks a bicycle between some columns.
water. paddling man in A	A man paddling in water.
are and the fishing. water along step on People sitting	People are sitting on step along the water and fishing.
run dogs grass. brown Two the through	Two brown dogs run through the grass.
in white grass. green Two side by dogs run side	Two white dogs run side by side in green grass.
player red uniform a in soccer a A just kicked ball.	A soccer player in a red uniform just kicked a ball.
posing restaurant a with mask in Child a paper	Child in a restaurant posing with a paper mask
girl, wearing shirts white a A under jeans, a and tree. stand both and flowering guy	A guy and a girl, both wearing white shirts and jeans, stand under a flowering tree.
runs small in yard. The the dogs	The small dogs runs in the yard.
in through bounds path snow. dog the black a A	A black dog bounds through a path in the snow.
maroon man cigarette while holding is a young guitar. A smoking a	A young man is smoking a cigarette while holding a maroon guitar.
a watching dressed bandanna people in him. red purple the A shirt smiles at and man	A man dressed in a purple shirt and red bandanna smiles at the people watching him.
A over of jumping water. stream a dog	A dog jumping over a stream of water.
are park. Three skateboarders a in	Three skateboarders are in a park.
upside bikers A flips down.	A bikers flips upside down.
through A at water the is a beach dog running white	A white dog is running through the water at a beach
playground child on a equipment. child in plays red A	A child in a red child plays on playground equipment.
black a tags A brown mouth dog big dog big a another dog object big his in behind. with green brown while chases	A big black dog chases a big brown dog with a green object in his mouth while another big brown dog tags behind.
black and toy. a yellow with chases A collar dog rather blonde a large blue	A rather large blonde dog with a black collar chases a blue and yellow toy.
bird flying has a The that very long beak. is	The bird that is flying has a very long beak.
ridden Horses green obstacle. jumping and being an over grass	Horses being ridden over green grass and jumping an obstacle.
A black a a dog while yard runs in woman observes	A black dog runs in a yard while a woman observes
Person the on in eyes standing with lights jacket hands street over with black background. in	Person in black jacket standing with hands over eyes with street lights on in the background.
purple with jerseys. football playing boys Two flag	Two boys playing flag football with purple jerseys.
A a cuts tree with an down ax. man	A man cuts down a tree with an ax.
ball pit. a in Several children playing	Several children playing in a ball pit.
in focused all Three people transportation are their Asian on an station cellphones.	Three people in an Asian transportation station are all focused on their cellphones.
top covered is mountaintop. A snow of man sitting a on	A man is sitting on top of a snow covered mountaintop.
men A group something. watching young of	A group of young men watching something.
A little boy pool. is in inflatable an splashing	A little boy is splashing in an inflatable pool.
to to homebase. game umpire a team baseball member while An an catch ball in crouches opposing a runs	An umpire in a baseball game crouches to catch a ball while an opposing team member runs to homebase.
is running. dog white The	The white dog is running.
woods field the a staffordshire through in Two race terriers	Two staffordshire terriers race through a field in the woods
high leashed ball. soccer catch The dog the to jumps old	The leashed dog jumps high to catch the old soccer ball.
wood and The strollers bridge across couple the dogs followed. the pushed the	The couple pushed the strollers across the wood bridge and the dogs followed.
that black harness red a sled. A attached wearing is to a dog	A black dog wearing a harness that is attached to a red sled.
of activities. a doing people large varied group	a large group of people doing varied activities.
in A blowing bubbles. boy blue is	A boy in blue is blowing bubbles.
smiling while a Toddler boy swing in	Toddler boy smiling while in a swing
child fence to to chain water. a the get crossing A	A child crossing a chain fence to get to the water.
the snow. skier The is buried in	The skier is buried in the snow.
blue a in no ropes. shirt up with climbs face short-sleeved man rock A young a	A young man in a blue short-sleeved shirt climbs up a rock face with no ropes.
A mouth. running black blue a with in dog toy his	A black dog running with a blue toy in his mouth.
slide a a dog wooden down from coming playhouse	dog coming down a slide from a wooden playhouse
toward A runs little in grass red a green the coat in pavement. girl the	A little girl in a red coat runs in the green grass toward the pavement.
long skater grinding An inline a is down rail.	An inline skater is grinding down a long rail.
yard. run Two across snowy dogs brown large a	Two brown dogs run across a large snowy yard.
dogs two black race for the shore. on ball a	two black dogs race for a ball on the shore.
and red jumping off swing. a a A shirt jean in boy shorts	A boy in a red shirt and jean shorts jumping off a swing.
her girl on A terrier sidewalk. to a at next to crouches the woman smile sitting dog down little	A woman crouches down next to her terrier dog to smile at a little girl sitting on the sidewalk.
at shirt an looks A a blue blonde on in woman event.	A blonde woman in a blue shirt looks on at an event.
race two dogs across the track.	two dogs race across the track.
woman a a holding dog and ball A	A woman holding a ball and a dog
front Two in women of a smiling tree. young christmas	Two young women smiling in front of a christmas tree.
a in blue the shirt a is A with background. vehicle black wearing yellow dog and jeans and	A dog is wearing jeans and a blue and yellow shirt with a black vehicle in the background.
two area grassy in dogs running	two dogs running in grassy area
brown-and-white black dog and a A play a dog in field.	A black dog and a brown-and-white dog play in a field.
adults each other. hug two	two adults hug each other.
jumps another skateboard. A skateboarder	A skateboarder jumps another skateboard.
blue across her. a orange woman stone a A very an bridge dress sky walking with behind in	A woman in an orange dress walking across a stone bridge with a very blue sky behind her.
the glasses in The in smiling is background with ocean woman the	The woman in glasses is smiling with the ocean in the background
a scarf, a woman purple hat and a black wearing A clothes, is pink riding bike.	A woman wearing black clothes, a purple scarf, and a pink hat is riding a bike.
children. women of group men, A and	A group of men, women and children.
raft a into her water. the woman pulls	a woman pulls her raft into the water.
day. run pond winter dogs a a Two two on	Two dogs run two a pond on a winter day.
rail. off a A jumps boy teenage	A teenage boy jumps off a rail.
painting women sidewalk. the on Three	Three women painting on the sidewalk.
a is kissing hooded man with a sunglasses. jacket brown A with girl	A man with a brown hooded jacket is kissing a girl with sunglasses.
white dog person is a big and on a A hugging recliner. red	A person is hugging a big white dog and on a red recliner.
red clothes through on looking blue Indian shutters colorful building. children a in Four are	Four children in colorful Indian clothes are looking through red shutters on a blue building.
A bikes beside woman the road down man ride and water. aged a middle	A middle aged man and woman ride bikes down a road beside the water.
are Two dressed people outfits fighting. in karate	Two people dressed in karate outfits are fighting.
watches. cap a is yellow in in A orange snowboard on person tricks person a doing while a pants	A person in orange pants is doing tricks on a snowboard while a person in a yellow cap watches.
a kayak rapids. pilots A man through rough	A man pilots a kayak through rough rapids.
dog through course. a woman guides obstacle A an	A woman guides a dog through an obstacle course.
brown is running grass. tall light dog through A	A light brown dog is running through tall grass.
barefoot. climbing a in wall park The is the girl little	The little girl is climbing a wall in the park barefoot.
dog and A running grass. black white over is	A black and white dog is running over grass.
small with bigger playing is brown woods. in dog A the white a dog	A small white dog is playing with a bigger brown dog in the woods.
running with area. open dog Brown in camera toward mouth wooded a	Brown dog with mouth open running toward camera in a wooded area.
is climbing. A man that closeup of rock a	A closeup of a man that is rock climbing.
mouth put trying ball this A puppy is in doberman a rubber to large blue very	A doberman puppy is trying to put a very large blue rubber ball in this mouth
girls a edge on on of little the eating sitting corn cob. Two the street	Two little girls sitting on the edge of a street eating corn on the cob.
swimsuit. in surfing black parasailer a the ocean wearing a lone	a lone parasailer surfing in the ocean wearing a black swimsuit.
water A is having fallen man a surfboard. into off the tumbling	A man is tumbling into the water having fallen off a surfboard.
hands couple in attire Young hold formal	Young couple in formal attire hold hands
children cow a in statue. small woman posing a and large of two front	a woman and two small children posing in front of a large cow statue.
down path. fast moving motorcycle dirt Green	Green motorcycle moving fast down dirt path.
a in soccer game. Two teams young competing	Two young soccer teams competing in a game.
floor. on boys and stands young an unfinished wooden sit boy young one Two	Two young boys sit and one young boy stands on an unfinished wooden floor.
a wood on reads park A bench. iron man an paper the	A man reads the paper on a wood an iron park bench.
from a A brown drinks dog body of water.	A brown dog drinks from a body of water.
wearing is an orange sweater book. The carrying a boy	The boy wearing an orange sweater is carrying a book.
blue it. on a cloth watch along dog run Two a people numbers with	Two people watch a dog run along a blue cloth with numbers on it.
dog with is The swimming ball. the	The dog is swimming with the ball.
brown at he as A ball. dog looks soccer jumps a	A brown dog jumps as he looks at a soccer ball.
and lit walks a a with hair grey suit hallway. man dimly A down	A man with grey hair and a suit walks down a dimly lit hallway.
wearing stand women Two sunglasses.	Two women stand wearing sunglasses.
shaggy A down is park. dog in and path brown a a white running dirt	A white and brown shaggy dog is running down a dirt path in a park.
with tennis. headband man plays a A green	A man with a green headband plays tennis.
uniform Miami make in basketball a jumping to Man shot. a	Man in a Miami basketball uniform jumping to make a shot.
the is four dogs. grass A woman with standing on	A woman is standing on the grass with four dogs.
A sprayed a by face the water look decorated a being to spigot at seahorse. a park in like boy young	A young boy at a water park being sprayed in the face by a spigot decorated to look like a seahorse.
Frisbee. jumps to the dog The catch	The dog jumps to catch the Frisbee.
beach and People mountains. surrounded by dog at	People and dog at beach surrounded by mountains.
child a A wears on small ski skis hill.	A small child wears skis on a ski hill.
plays in dog A snow. the	A dog plays in the snow.
dog flying through air. brown A is the	A brown dog is flying through the air.
hill. grassy people a up are hiking Two	Two people are hiking up a grassy hill.
team. finger a the the a is young player player of pointing baseball in A other on face	A young baseball player is pointing a finger in the face of a player on the other team.
in hurdle. blonde woman a young and jumps a A tracksuit white blue	A young blonde woman in a blue and white tracksuit jumps a hurdle.
are a towards lays people truck. Two walking	Two people are walking towards a lays truck.
is dark-headed a Popsicle. large boy eating red A	A dark-headed boy is eating a large red Popsicle.
man by a sculpture an outside building. sits newspaper office reads A and of a	A man sits and reads a newspaper by a sculpture outside of an office building.
dogs truck. a Two and	Two dogs and a truck.
and An man smiles. down elderly looks	An elderly man looks down and smiles.
wings the outstreached, A bird, over water.	A bird, wings outstreached, over the water.
dog legs child's a while squeezing door. a through	a child's legs while squeezing through a dog door.
rides an water down he boy A inflatable slide. as smiling young	A young boy smiling as he rides down an inflatable water slide.
dog a small A chases brown after large cow.	A small dog chases after a large brown cow.
flies by some bird rocks. A grey over the water	A grey bird flies over the water by some rocks.
girl behind in blowing is with girl bubbles dress A a her. another	A girl in a dress is blowing bubbles with another girl behind her.
Children a playing roundabout. on	Children playing on a roundabout.
men and A are water of their around with drinking bikes. standing group	A group of men are standing around and drinking water with their bikes.
number of railings. a people blue with ascending zig-zag bright A ramp	A number of people ascending a zig-zag ramp with bright blue railings.
three scarves together standing head females wearing	three females wearing head scarves standing together
an man with wearing orange uniform is A working outside hose. a	A man wearing an orange uniform is working outside with a hose.
sleigh holding A the of across team pulls people snow. two dogs a	A team of dogs pulls a sleigh holding two people across the snow.
A jumping is wave. a surfer	A surfer is jumping a wave.
child a A apple. eats green jacket a life young in	A young child in a life jacket eats a green apple.
A the water. black dog through jumps	A black dog jumps through the water.
bounds the A water. dog into	A dog bounds into the water.
bench a out Couple park on public. in making is	Couple is making out on a park bench in public.
of is garden A large a white photographs and taking man of orange tulips.	A man is taking photographs of a large garden of white and orange tulips.
the match. intense for battle during an ball Two players soccer	Two soccer players battle for the ball during an intense match.
in jumping moonwalk. boy a A	A boy jumping in a moonwalk.
bmx rider rides the a ramp.	a bmx rider rides the ramp.
dog the upside A down grass. on lies	A dog lies upside down on the grass.
track. dogs Two racing on grass	Two dogs racing on grass track.
narby. on while dog stands tan is gravel someone another A tan grappling dog	A tan dog is grappling another tan dog on gravel while someone stands narby.
driving Spectators bend blue rally taking pictures are is in the track. a a of around that car	Spectators are taking pictures of a blue rally car that is driving around a bend in the track.
woman over a out hills. A looks with rolling camera	A woman with a camera looks out over rolling hills.
the trunk of Two a heads small pop children cold in of their weather. out car	Two small children pop their heads out of the trunk of a car in cold weather.
waterskiing. boy Blond	Blond boy waterskiing.
People seller. are garden waiting outside and lawn a	People are waiting outside a lawn and garden seller.
in mouth. and jumps ball dog up with yellow white A tan its a	A tan and white dog jumps up with a yellow ball in its mouth.
A blue bird over water. flying	A blue bird flying over water.
the ground is the mountain. standing A of man in on front rocky	A man is standing on the rocky ground in front of the mountain.
white carrying poodle dog Black toy and red	Black poodle carrying red and white dog toy
dirt mud a person riding on A bike	A person riding a dirt bike on mud
dog Black dock near water into a looks murky	Black dog near a dock looks into murky water
covered a mountain an with lake on There behind of top snow him. man	There man on top of an snow covered mountain with a lake behind him.
a on guy no shirt skateboarding. with is	a guy with no shirt on is skateboarding.
the under stairs. hiding Dog	Dog hiding under the stairs.
A a brown horse's ankle. biting dog	A brown dog biting a horse's ankle.
A performer a wearing h	A performer wearing a h
with dog his driveway A brown on tongue wooden small sticking poles near out. a stands	A small brown dog stands on a driveway near wooden poles with his tongue sticking out.
older nipples An his peirced with man stands shirtless.	An older man with his nipples peirced stands shirtless.
sled of meet. dogs packs Two	Two packs of sled dogs meet.
girls in the play patch. pumpkin The	The girls play in the pumpkin patch.
busy a walking street on rainy Several with Asia in clear umbrellas. are people	Several people are walking on a rainy busy street in Asia with clear umbrellas.
man with is eyes smiling blue blond big A	A blond man with big blue eyes is smiling
white ball tennis over dog mouth. obstacle holding jumping is in and a an brown and A its fluffy	A fluffy white and brown dog is jumping over an obstacle and holding a tennis ball in its mouth.
the girls playing on Two	Two girls playing on the
in in girl the A young plays water. pigtails	A young girl in pigtails plays in the water.
melts. a outside while Five trampoline large on snow children the jump	Five children jump on a large trampoline while the snow outside melts.
down a a walks waterway. next A path to man	A man walks down a path next to a waterway.
trick wheelie in performing a a motorcycle a lot. person A on parking	A person performing a wheelie trick on a motorcycle in a parking lot.
of group brass playing men instruments. A	A group of men playing brass instruments.
women at are two mountains looking The at a fence.	The two women are looking at mountains at a fence.
shopping large girl is bags. young carrying two black A	A young girl is carrying two large black shopping bags.
children of near front standing in Two a at are the lake them. wheelbarrow looking	Two children standing near a wheelbarrow are looking at the lake in front of them.
back. shirt boy the his on boy shirt in the in red is the gray holding The	The boy in the gray shirt is holding the boy in the red shirt on his back.
other on dogs. dog is two the The dominant right over the black	The black dog on the right is dominant over the other two dogs.
stroller. toy a little blue pushing a baby in A kid in is shoes	A little kid in blue shoes is pushing a toy baby in a stroller.
leans number for on bike turn. A motorcyclist 52 a in sharp a	A motorcyclist on a number 52 bike leans in for a sharp turn.
shirt front with wearing cement drawings is wall man standing A yellow it. in a of a on	A man wearing a yellow shirt is standing in front of a cement wall with drawings on it.
men bicycles in the covered countryside. outside riding two There are snow	There are two men riding bicycles outside in the snow covered countryside.
a girls Two walking park. road are down in a dirt	Two girls are walking down a dirt road in a park.
hat A stands on of the child a people little street the red middle grass. sit while the large in wearing	A little child stands in the middle of the street wearing a large red hat while people sit on the grass.
Louis widow of Vuitton a store. woman A outside shops	A woman widow shops outside of a Louis Vuitton store.
fences. snowboards wooden A over man snow	A man snowboards over wooden snow fences.
playing men Two black a gym. basketball in	Two black men playing basketball in a gym.
a A player performing lay-up. basketball	A basketball player performing a lay-up.
a ocean. the the man A beside ball is batting on beach	A man is batting a ball on the beach beside the ocean.
waterside. play the bikinis by Women volleyball in beach	Women in bikinis play beach volleyball by the waterside.
its snow. rubs the black dog large A face in	A large black dog rubs its face in the snow.
through Two a field. dogs run	Two dogs run through a field.
trick on bicyclist a a jumping a back helmet his wearing tire	a bicyclist wearing a helmet jumping a trick on his back tire
young skull red smiling A cap man and with us. looking is a at	A young man with a red skull cap is smiling and looking at us.
is beach the on near a ball. A dog	A dog is on the beach near a ball.
tire. sits car on plastic Child a holding	Child holding plastic car sits on a tire.
shirts goofy wearing polo pose. a blue Two matching boys strike	Two boys wearing matching blue polo shirts strike a goofy pose.
standing elaborate woman other each while looking balcony. a on an A indoor and are at man	A man and a woman are looking at each other while standing on an elaborate indoor balcony.
black a dog the walking A and through brown are woods.	A black and a brown dog are walking through the woods.
red being clay in videotaped dirt while in a man speeds road black. biker A by on	A dirt biker in red speeds on clay road while being videotaped by a man in black.
machine. Children a the large of a under play from spray in street water	Children play in the street under a spray of water from a large machine.
in man are to trapped Three viz a pulling from attempting ditch. a pull car jackets four hi drive wheel	Three man in hi viz jackets are pulling attempting to pull a trapped four wheel drive car from a ditch.
though yard. a dog green A running	A dog running though a green yard.
with head swinging his upside-down is through sticking boy a a tire.	a boy is swinging upside-down with his head sticking through a tire.
A takes basketball a player shot.	A basketball player takes a shot.
play african Americans football.	african Americans play football.
on catches yellow black A friend a sport up. bike as bike on a wheelie does a his man	A man on a yellow sport bike does a wheelie as his friend on a black bike catches up.
air hit beach the man to goes volleyball. A a sideways in	A man goes sideways in the air to hit a beach volleyball.
bubbles blowing girl outside. Small	Small girl blowing bubbles outside.
covered people their mountains. making way line of are through A snow	A line of people are making their way through snow covered mountains.
is The under someone's nose. sun	The sun is under someone's nose.
A the a mechanical riding is horse at boy little playground.	A little boy is riding a mechanical horse at the playground.
surfing A is sky the on man water.	A man is sky surfing on the water.
through child grass. large a young A of runs field	A young child runs through a large field of grass.
a black man blue wearing and another striped a pose and a shirt with picture. glasses for man brown A and jacket	A man with glasses and a blue and black striped shirt and another man wearing a brown jacket pose for a picture.
ledge woman rocky the carrying water. overlooking a A sits on backpack a	A woman carrying a backpack sits on a rocky ledge overlooking the water.
men of booths. the in two and This inside a restaurant, the small cook with background, a in is	This is the inside of a small restaurant, with a cook in the background, and two men in booths.
woman A outside. with her dog plays	A woman plays with her dog outside.
brown shallow walks through A dog a stream.	A brown dog walks through a shallow stream.
wearing a a in People rescue dangerous suits practicing environment.	People wearing suits practicing a rescue in a dangerous environment.
at toy. the dog the barks	the dog barks at the toy.
football. playing tag Kids	Kids playing tag football.
the shirt without skateboarder a grabs A air. board in his	A skateboarder without a shirt grabs his board in the air.
a wearing male green rollerblader hat grinding green and rail. A shirt a down	A male rollerblader wearing a green shirt and hat grinding down a green rail.
while A riverbank. girl leaps on running through the air the	A girl leaps through the air while running on the riverbank.
a over an a road. bridge carrying box A open boy crosses	A boy carrying an open box crosses a bridge over a road.
african by stands his american a car.	a african american stands by his car.
fishing river. in Person	Person fishing in river.
baggage asleep his cart. man feet yellow bench a on A striped a on with	A man asleep on a yellow striped bench with his feet on a baggage cart.
puppy with and on bed pillow. a sheets A blue	A puppy on a bed with blue sheets and pillow.
brown are and The black the front of wrestling dog fireplace. in dog	The black dog and brown dog are wrestling in front of the fireplace.
dressed bathing and People are shorts suits, exhibit. an beach, near the in dresses on	People dressed in bathing suits, dresses and shorts are on the beach, near an exhibit.
at in water. reflection dog his Black the looking	Black dog looking at his reflection in the water.
woman trail field. A rides through a bike a on a	A woman rides a bike on a trail through a field.
young in motion in A of plants front potted a beige boy and wall.	A young boy in motion in front of potted plants and a beige wall.
two red in fight. men	two men in red fight.
splashes. A and dog swims	A dog swims and splashes.
air the into are a pool swimming resort. children Three into jumping at a	Three children are jumping into the air into a swimming pool at a resort.
are sitting kissing. and bench a man woman The on	The man and woman sitting on a bench are kissing.
dogs snow the race together. in Three	Three dogs race in the snow together.
a air through snowboarder flies ramp. large leaving snow the after A	A snowboarder flies through the air after leaving a large snow ramp.
a to Man a costume. a police costume in zombie in next man	Man in a police costume next to a man in a zombie costume.
with playing guitar blonde red hair a man A long	A man with long blonde hair playing a red guitar
a playground. at playing girls Two	Two girls playing at a playground.
and bird to black A on water. ready white land the getting	A black and white bird getting ready to land on the water.
The over are and a horse rider jumping fence.	The horse and rider are jumping over a fence.
outside. A the a upside in trampoline person above is air down	A person is upside down in the air above a trampoline outside.
Person library. desk at a a sitting in	Person sitting at a desk in a library.
bend a course. dirt downhill on rounding a biker A	A dirt biker rounding a bend on a downhill course.
Two the rocks sit looking on distance. another stands guys while in	Two guys sit on rocks while another stands looking in the distance.
group wooded horses people on riding of a trail. A are	A group of people are riding horses on a wooded trail.
the looks right. and A to brown long grass in dry stands the dog	A brown dog stands in the dry long grass and looks to the right.
herself and playing girl A with been white in and her shirt room. a covered has little paint	A little girl in a white shirt has been playing with paint and covered herself and her room.
water. over Two on rushing walkway people a	Two people on a walkway over rushing water.
the of Man is midst two up. standing plants in giving thumbs	Man standing in the midst of plants is giving two thumbs up.
terriers are each Boston There two biting other. at	There are two Boston terriers biting at each other.
infant a skateboard small over at holds a beach. woman A the	A woman holds a small infant over a skateboard at the beach.
a A knitted man scarf is and smiling. hat wearing	A man wearing a scarf and knitted hat is smiling.
of toy brown clover. green and white in a A is a field playing dog with grass and	A brown and white dog is playing with a toy in a field of green grass and clover.
holding man tent. yellow a A up	A man holding up a yellow tent.
an expanse of out snow. mouth across and black open with his tongue dog runs A	A black dog with his mouth open and tongue out runs across an expanse of snow.
neck kisses girl on Man	Man kisses girl on neck
group and people watched being shirt Man is in the brown a by street. of on beard	Man in brown shirt and beard is being watched by a group of people on the street.
jump is long air. performing the the A arms girl in with	A girl is performing the long jump with arms in the air.
of blue boy slide t-shirt a a A in off red at playground. jumps a little	A little boy in a red t-shirt jumps off of a blue slide at a playground.
mouth dog greenery. Brown standing with amidst open	Brown dog with mouth open standing amidst greenery.
wears a baby a hat. Santa	a baby wears a Santa hat.
A into the steps water. naked woman	A naked woman steps into the water.
faces in tan Eight making children a tree	Eight tan children making faces in a tree
man a wave huge his surfboard. on A catches	A man catches a huge wave on his surfboard.
grassy though dog a running A field.	A dog running though a grassy field.
a residential football older Two while adolescents yard an man in play watches.	Two adolescents play football in a residential yard while an older man watches.
starting bird White flight take lake. from to a	White bird starting to take flight from a lake.
girl hillside. snowy standing A on a	A girl standing on a snowy hillside.
is A dog grassy area. and and in dog treed with playing white a a brown brown	A brown dog is playing with a white and brown dog in a grassy and treed area.
of which dogs, Three noses. two are small sniffing	Three small dogs, two of which are sniffing noses.
catching a air. and a track is mountain boy biking on in blue A shirt	A boy in a blue shirt is mountain biking on a track and catching air.
a A watch few girls adults together on. boys a on and stage group practice and of school children while	A group of girls and boys practice together on a school stage while a few adults and children watch on.
Chinese people a with courtyard. in Two long ribbons work	Two people work with long ribbons in a Chinese courtyard.
water-wings. child A in a pool wearing	A child in a pool wearing water-wings.
in the is red to air This a tiny jump catch ball. about dog to	This tiny dog is about to jump in the air to catch a red ball.
has shallow dog a to through rock water waded outcropping. A reach	A dog has waded through shallow water to reach a rock outcropping.
pylon. a electricity cyclists trail country Four on by are an passing	Four cyclists on a country trail are passing by an electricity pylon.
swimming his is underwater hand. A holding toy a in boy	A boy is swimming underwater holding a toy in his hand.
of a piece girl A jewelry. examines little	A little girl examines a piece of jewelry.
tie. pose in a Three by snowman red a young people	Three young people pose by a snowman in a red tie.
pigeon. looking in blue yellow little A a at jeans boy and bright is shirt a	A little boy in a bright yellow shirt and blue jeans is looking at a pigeon.
jacket standing front in of in red Man lighthouse.	Man in red jacket standing in front of lighthouse.
with painting pigtails the in Young outside grass. girl	Young girl with pigtails painting outside in the grass.
dog green tan black grass. leaps over and A the	A black and tan dog leaps over the green grass.
the catch of people to subway group waiting	group of people waiting to catch the subway
in one black arm standing white, boys, Two and one arm.	Two boys, one black and one white, standing arm in arm.
in group and of in A the 5 of canal men houses. air a front	A group of 5 men in the air in front of a canal and houses.
tossing to women. bride of her bouquet group A a	A bride tossing her bouquet to a group of women.
A batman in a running. suit man	A man in a batman suit running.
skateboard jump a a child on doing a	a child doing a jump on a skateboard
background. hugging, a in one helmet, with wearing the Two girls bicycle teenage cyclists	Two teenage girls hugging, one wearing a bicycle helmet, with cyclists in the background.
dogs the Four playing snow. in	Four dogs playing in the snow.
brown mouth. beach his in on with the a A dog yellow ball	A brown dog on the beach with a yellow ball in his mouth.
stands white man a near alone fence. a	a man stands alone near a white fence.
walking sidewalk a yellow yellow along a wearing bike helmet a man his bike	a man wearing a yellow bike helmet walking his yellow bike along a sidewalk
pose group wearing group a A picture. of girls headscarfs little for	A group of little girls wearing headscarfs pose for a group picture.
in person horse A far a the a mountain background. with riding range	A person riding a horse with a mountain range in the far background.
player a baseball white black a in shirt. just a player A in shirt tagged	A baseball player in a black shirt just tagged a player in a white shirt.
a standing on in women Young dresses stage	Young women in dresses standing on a stage
one are raises naked arm. his boys young, wet, while Two	Two young, naked boys are wet, while one raises his arm.
a on mountain. in sits A tent his man	A man sits in his tent on a mountain.
splashing natural Six are children playing shirtless water and around. in	Six shirtless children are playing in natural water and splashing around.
for dog a leaping A is ball. tennis	A dog is leaping for a tennis ball.
white cheer men suits in Two	Two men in white suits cheer
a removing A garter man lady. for is a	A man is removing a garter for a lady.
the are A on girl beach. sand camel and a riding the in on boy a	A boy and a girl are riding on a camel in the sand on the beach.
Two play soccer people watch. while people three	Two people play soccer while three people watch.
while raising an him. in both oar, is holding around kayaker air, The the arms splash waves	The kayaker holding an oar, is raising both arms in the air, while waves splash around him.
city the standing street. on of people a Two side	Two people standing on the side of a city street.
the in running a young striped and A sweatshirt jeans boy in grass.	A young boy in a striped sweatshirt and jeans running in the grass.
dog pond Black shore and toward swimming tan of	Black and tan dog swimming toward shore of pond
dog while The the holding ring. runs through water yellow a	The dog runs through the water while holding a yellow ring.
sits with jacket a a park old bench. man An on jean long and beard	An old man with a long beard and jean jacket sits on a park bench.
Some are people crowded walking a medieval through street. in costume	Some people in medieval costume are walking through a crowded street.
ski with a into the red distance. looks black An and headband man a and cap white	An man with a black ski cap and a red and white headband looks into the distance.
a on a shirt pink white boy a wearing jumping shoelaces and railing	a boy wearing a white shirt and pink shoelaces jumping on a railing
Lady car driver. over umbrella race holding	Lady holding umbrella over race car driver.
shoes off takes blue in blue a eats her cotton and dress A girl candy.	A girl in a blue dress takes off her shoes and eats blue cotton candy.
an A is water. standing man animal on the in	A man is standing on an animal in the water.
red a dog collar wearing the and standing brown snow. white A in is	A brown and white dog wearing a red collar is standing in the snow.
brown, tree. white A barking black, a and dog up	A brown, black, and white dog barking up a tree.
woman young dressed uniform A with white and hat to blue a and the same. yells others	A young woman with a white and blue hat and uniform yells to others dressed the same.
Skiers are competing.	Skiers are competing.
bench on a a park. at people sit Two	Two people sit on a bench at a park.
in sitting group hall school. at of teenagers A the	A group of teenagers sitting in the hall at school.
left Referee on hockey match interrupts	Referee on left interrupts hockey match
their outstretched. The arms standing with on is a child of top snowbank	The child is standing on top of a snowbank with their arms outstretched.
of a road. middle An animal runs in the	An animal runs in the middle of a road.
dog is grass brown A its through in outdoors. snow-covered an holding object moving mouth tall	A brown dog holding an object in its mouth is moving through snow-covered tall grass outdoors.
An with chin. rubbing shirt her striped a woman older	An older woman with a striped shirt rubbing her chin.
girl way in the a leads black in A clothes race.	A girl in black clothes leads the way in a race.
a is dog ball. brown chest The carrying white with the	The brown dog with the white chest is carrying a ball.
blue hoodie is a bag in a brown girl a carrying	a girl in a blue hoodie is carrying a brown bag
swim. Two boys muddy	Two muddy boys swim.
brown fetching the of a A out ball dog water.	A brown dog fetching a ball out of the water.
on is dirt A the air. bike person in a	A person on a dirt bike is in the air.
a gas car. red pumps at Flames engulf	Flames at gas pumps engulf a red car.
on the are ball court. Two players for basketball scrambling the	Two basketball players are scrambling for the ball on the court.
front in white of boys teenage Three a car standing	Three teenage boys standing in front of a white car
posing Bridal party area. park a in	Bridal party posing in a park area.
A grass. through shepherd bounds the	A shepherd bounds through the grass.
nose ring, A earring, girl Mohawk. and with a	A girl with a nose ring, earring, and Mohawk.
in an and swimming are playing girl ground above pool. man A little	A man and little girl are playing in an above ground swimming pool.
a bare human's puppy foot. sniffing Black	Black puppy sniffing a human's bare foot.
dogs for the bird kill. competing Two	Two bird dogs competing for the kill.
a carrying dog A brown stick in its mouth.	A brown dog carrying a stick in its mouth.
a covered down rock mountain. and Hiker snow climbing	Hiker climbing down a snow and rock covered mountain.
whacking that small of is A aliens an out arcade game. boy pop	A small boy is whacking aliens that pop out of an arcade game.
paw to nearly Two identical dogs try ball muddy out a water. of	Two nearly identical dogs try to paw a ball out of muddy water.
in Adults steps a stand children wooded play of and front near and area.	Adults and children stand and play in front of steps near a wooded area.
grass on girls the together. two The laid	The two girls laid on the grass together.
in the few green wearing A girl with standing dress people up a center a	A few people with a girl standing up in the center wearing a green dress
on floor play wooden Two inside. dogs the	Two dogs play on the wooden floor inside.
The path on large dog is tree. the a next sitting to brown	The large brown dog is sitting on the path next to a tree.
in salon her customer a giving Woman perm. is	Woman in salon is giving her customer a perm.
dog brown cones. colorful over and jumps poles A numbered	A brown dog jumps over colorful poles and numbered cones.
skateboard guy doing at is a night. a A stunt on	A guy on a skateboard is doing a stunt at night.
city as seen above. a Three from women walk down street,	Three women walk down a city street, as seen from above.
purple. hind for on a legs his in lady dog stands A	A dog stands on his hind legs for a lady in purple.
Woman robe other sitting is headwear women. blue with with and	Woman with blue robe and headwear is sitting with other women.
wading while dogs the one in carry object ocean. Two	Two dogs carry one object while wading in the ocean.
on the street. in men hats stand Two with	Two men with hats on stand in the street.
while biker dirt competes onlookers watch. A	A dirt biker competes while onlookers watch.
run Three snow. in dogs the	Three dogs run in the snow.
woman at a a and in restaurant. sit A table man	A man and woman sit at a table in a restaurant.
Two boys teams. playing football opposing on	Two boys playing football on opposing teams.
of The driver sitting is the in steer. and boy to car's lap helping the	The boy is sitting in the lap of the car's driver and helping to steer.
a nap. Four take spotted puppies	Four spotted puppies take a nap.
child sunglasses in swing belly set. his on red lays on a A	A child in sunglasses lays on his belly on a red swing set.
rail. grinds a rollerblader a	a rollerblader grinds a rail.
baby makes red cry at a wearing a as woman A begins it. to face	A baby wearing red begins to cry as a woman makes a face at it.
dirt mud. biker in A the	A dirt biker in the mud.
the in people Four climbing snow. hill a	Four people climbing a hill in the snow.
a is in red many man climbing shirt over trees. rock A	A man in a red shirt is rock climbing over many trees.
dog fast with flying. running A ears	A dog running fast with ears flying.
struggle to in the ball men of air. catch group A the	A group of men struggle to catch the ball in the air.
structure. with two is an old standing fitls red front a in of shirt A in man	A man in a red shirt is standing with two fitls in front of an old structure.
a Two young down hill. boys grassy roll	Two young boys roll down a grassy hill.
while white woman beside in golden black dog a white a dog jeep jumps and follows at them. small A a	A small black and white dog jumps at a woman in a white jeep while a golden dog follows beside them.
brown obstacle course. through an running A dog is	A brown dog is running through an obstacle course.
cigarette a orange man an box. A pulls hat of a in out	A man in an orange hat pulls a cigarette out of a box.
black downhill skier air a tiny bit in of catches A	A downhill skier in black catches a tiny bit of air
blond bed. child a onto jumping A is facefirst	A blond child is jumping facefirst onto a bed.
wintry A wearing on cap a a street. woman	A woman wearing a cap on a wintry street.
red each dogs toys with their next and in to white mouths. brown Two are other	Two brown and white dogs are next to each other with red toys in their mouths.
while dogs fence, jumps two other a dog watch. over a	a dog jumps over a fence, while two other dogs watch.
A a at game. a is unique ball swinging paddle man	A man is swinging a paddle at a unique ball game.
another. little jumps boy blonde to bed one from A	A little blonde boy jumps from one bed to another.
blonde toy. edge placing mouth the plastic of his toddler on a A red	A blonde toddler placing his mouth on the edge of a red plastic toy.
surfs wave. a A black on in man	A man in black surfs on a wave.
in swimming A its dog with a stick mouth.	A dog swimming with a stick in its mouth.
reads boy book. yellow wearing a a	a boy wearing yellow reads a book.
stereo outdoors. near equipment People talk	People talk near stereo equipment outdoors.
an walker older A baby nearby. in child a and	A baby in a walker and an older child nearby.
shakes dry. A dog himself brown	A brown dog shakes himself dry.
A chair bus. a on on woman a asleep is	A woman is asleep on a chair on a bus.
setting. A woman rests in in on bench a shop jeans gallery a or	A woman in jeans rests on a bench in a gallery or shop setting.
cutting barber hair. A a is man's	A barber is cutting a man's hair.
black rose fellow at formal has suit a a occasion The the lapel. his salmon in in	The fellow in the black suit at a formal occasion has a salmon rose in his lapel.
tries toward him to out. a tag runner baseman base the heading A while	A runner heading toward a base while the baseman tries to tag him out.
with carrying and his in an egg over of bending hand. colored eggs child basket The is a	The child is carrying a basket of colored eggs and bending over with an egg in his hand.
while smaller red The boy shirt orange an looks in bikes. little the shirt in at boy riding the	The little boy in the red shirt looks at the smaller boy in an orange shirt while riding bikes.
standing very bird has on wings its wide and A rocks. is spread	A bird has its wings spread very wide and is standing on rocks.
down steps. rail a skating above man some A is	A man is skating down a rail above some steps.
who The brown dingo of looks the out like dog a looks forest.	The brown dog who looks like a dingo looks out of the forest.
car face lady's dog A to reach small dog a jumps by watches. while a another	A small dog jumps by a car to reach a lady's face while another dog watches.
A car. with plays boy a	A boy plays with a car.
white A a building a behind down a skateboard going him boy with on black ramp	A boy on a black skateboard going down a ramp with a white building behind him
a boy playing racquet. A with	A boy playing with a racquet.
children a Three pit. in ball	Three children in a ball pit.
catch is thrown jumping at object A , dog to a it	A dog is jumping to catch a object thrown at it ,
Frisbee. girl a A throws	A girl throws a Frisbee.
A in with a cape children along costumed other girl	A girl in a cape along with other costumed children
pipe. on lay under stomachs the Two on children their ground a	Two children on their stomachs lay on the ground under a pipe.
inscribed the life " man " A on on is are the side. is phrase, with standing which short rocks,	A man is standing on rocks, which are inscribed with the phrase, " life is short " on the side.
little jumping bed on boy A the	A little boy jumping on the bed
degrees surfer 90 A water the to is	A surfer is 90 degrees to the water
the men park. Two in play Frisbee	Two men play Frisbee in the park.
green on slide. a Three wearing shirts boys climbing all are	Three boys all wearing green shirts are climbing on a slide.
dive sky performing air person three stunt. in a A team the	A three person sky dive team in the air performing a stunt.
going inline down skater An a handrail	An inline skater going down a handrail
and Mountain in distance. foreground the peaks	Mountain peaks in the foreground and distance.
on woman dogs with leashes. two hair A purple has	A woman with purple hair has two dogs on leashes.
over trick man railroad A skateboard a doing a track.	A man doing a skateboard trick over a railroad track.
water. children outside bathe stream of under a Naked	Naked children bathe outside under a stream of water.
an people stand. at in of cream line waiting ice Group	Group of people waiting in line at an ice cream stand.
in black A ball retrieving water. a dog is	A black dog is retrieving a ball in water.
shown in faces of this jeans sweatshirts. No picutre are and	No faces are shown in this picutre of jeans and sweatshirts.
dog piece dog a over of and fabric. fight a A big smaller	A big dog and a smaller dog fight over a piece of fabric.
middle brown dogs over of a ball dog tennis dirty in a line A chasing of dirt. the is	A brown dog is in the middle of a line of dogs chasing a dirty tennis ball over dirt.
face. a in of front her A is holding camera little girl cine	A little girl is holding a cine camera in front of her face.
his chest tattoos with street. on on in orange city standing a monk Old	Old monk in orange with tattoos on his chest standing on a city street.
terrier chasing a red ball. A	A terrier chasing a red ball.
spots, lake. a of at A brown with dog standing shore the	A dog with brown spots, standing at the shore of a lake.
in doing tricks on old bicycle is an Man building.	Man on bicycle is doing tricks in an old building.
and a blue poses a for a sitting in A picnic table. shirt woman picture headscarf at	A woman in a blue shirt and headscarf poses for a picture sitting at a picnic table.
race. Bikers participate in a	Bikers participate in a race.
playing in the sand. The enjoys youngster	The youngster enjoys playing in the sand.
The jump rider a horse and fence.	The horse and rider jump a fence.
soccer jumps player onto boy brother. The his	The boy jumps onto his soccer player brother.
to blue woman next middle headscarf a blue sits wearing a eastern boy clothes. A in	A middle eastern woman wearing a blue headscarf sits next to a boy in blue clothes.
dog a down A road. is running	A dog is running down a road.
with in a fountain. Two young children water play	Two young children play with water in a fountain.
lawn. Two on a middle eastern crowded garb people embrace in	Two people in middle eastern garb embrace on a crowded lawn.
in the something its is mouth. black through snow running A dog with	A black dog is running through the snow with something in its mouth.
decoy-animal dog string. black on and a a after A chases white	A white and black dog chases after a decoy-animal on a string.
on with it parked to pouring on man ladder fire a next a a yellow is firetruck water a	a yellow firetruck is parked next to a fire with a man on a ladder pouring water on it
of a climbing wall. a large man rock side the lone	a lone man climbing the side of a large rock wall.
with camera. on standing bottom and A hoodie in a is beach girl the bikini a	A girl in a hoodie and bikini bottom is standing on the beach with a camera.
playing water. A some in dog	A dog playing in some water.
rocks the on A family for camera. sitting posing	A family sitting on rocks posing for the camera.
a in playing pool day. on a boy sunny and girl A the	A boy and a girl playing in the pool on a sunny day.
black A is wetsuit girl blue a in surfing. and	A girl in a black and blue wetsuit is surfing.
the licks jar. peanut butter a dog	a dog licks the peanut butter jar.
waters. through a canoe rows A man wooded	A man rows a canoe through wooded waters.
it. walking Two on building car with painted a towards men are huge a	Two men are walking towards a building with a huge car painted on it.
running the on dogs sand. Two	Two dogs running on the sand.
around. with runners people city other street, are standing a on Marathon racing	Marathon runners are racing on a city street, with other people standing around.
at looking Two display. boys	Two boys looking at display.
white street. walk with the woman purses city down Two	Two woman with white purses walk down the city street.
Child background. and in another across walking and figure yelling sand, ocean	Child yelling and walking across sand, another figure and ocean in background.
man large a in river. fly fishes A	A man fly fishes in a large river.
brown a plays with dog hose. the	a brown dog plays with the hose.
rollerblade. women four	four women rollerblade.
leash. using a dog brown walking an red man elderly is a	an elderly man is walking a brown dog using a red leash.
dog A catch jumps black the a snow. Frisbee in to	A black dog jumps to catch a Frisbee in the snow.
casting water to to next his fishing boy Young next him. with others rod standing	Young boy standing next to water casting his fishing rod with others next to him.
of Two control fighting Frisbee while dogs a a both lake. for in	Two dogs both fighting for control of a Frisbee while in a lake.
man A two holding policeman. from runs flowers	A man holding flowers runs from two policeman.
his with on A bike a a man bumpy path. helmet rides	A man with a helmet rides his bike on a bumpy path.
path a down A light dog runs brown happily.	A light brown dog runs down a path happily.
at naked paint fair. a cyclist in A body rides	A naked cyclist in body paint rides at a fair.
young A an indoor ascends climbing wall. girl	A young girl ascends an indoor climbing wall.
surfing man a wave. A	A man surfing a wave.
outside shoveling a snow A dressed warmly house. person is	A warmly dressed person is shoveling snow outside a house.
yellow A a boy chasing ball.	A boy chasing a yellow ball.
waving Two fingers. two girls	Two girls waving two fingers.
snow. man clothing in on thin summer skiing A	A man in summer clothing skiing on thin snow.
in face and orange paint cowboy hat on oversized person a A bike rides trail. an his	A person in face paint and an orange oversized cowboy hat rides his bike on a trail.
helps as men bench. on The and the the sit woman child lay her	The woman helps her child as the men sit and lay on the bench.
the water a harness man being across a dragged in	a man in a harness being dragged across the water
Kids softball. playing	Kids playing softball.
tricks skateboard a doing on young a man	a young man doing tricks on a skateboard
a another trick. do A watches man bicycle man	A man watches another man do a bicycle trick.
a walks blue a umbrella trench with open man tan jeans and head. his in coat over A black	A man in a tan trench coat and blue jeans walks with a black umbrella open over his head.
snowboarder doing handstand. A a	A snowboarder doing a handstand.
People day. on scenic a lookout sunny around a are standing	People are standing around a scenic lookout on a sunny day.
while at puffy Two adults children lie on four look benches a on. museum	Two children lie on puffy benches at a museum while four adults look on.
boy climbs forest A a shirt on hill. white a wearing	A boy wearing a white shirt climbs on a forest hill.
the plays dog snow. in A	A dog plays in the snow.
A takes a riding water while of drink person bike. a on	A person takes a drink of water while riding on a bike.
young the in parasailing man a ocean.	a young man parasailing in the ocean.
An for shoes a shopping old on man cart	An old man on a cart shopping for shoes
with Two watching. the team a puck make fans opposing and hockey members for opposing play players	Two opposing hockey players make a play for the puck with opposing fans and team members watching.
wearing jumping paws onto blue A with shorts. a shirt up white a dog girl and yellow	A dog with white paws jumping up onto a girl wearing a blue shirt and yellow shorts.
landscape. Two a barren, skis through hike uphill, snowy	Two skis hike uphill, through a barren, snowy landscape.
by toys. the The are shirt with and children pink baby the surrounded two	The two children and the baby with the pink shirt are surrounded by toys.
the Two beach. on children	Two children on the beach.
Two playing are dirt. around in dogs the	Two dogs are playing around in the dirt.
his A soccer with black and a in man ball hitting head. red is	A man in red and black is hitting a soccer ball with his head.
playing in court two stadium. basketball on teams a a	two teams playing basketball on a court in a stadium.
off in a jumps the snowboarder large A ramp mountains.	A snowboarder jumps off a large ramp in the mountains.
to into ball. leaping the brown air catch a dog is a	a brown dog is leaping into the air to catch a ball.
leans A a deep climber rock sky. a blue against crag from out	A rock climber leans out from a crag against a deep blue sky.
the on t-shirt rock A in above a sitting is clouds. red girl	A girl in a red t-shirt is sitting on rock above the clouds.
ropes. a in yellow A girl jump dress	A girl in a yellow dress jump ropes.
playing Two above hose. a water children blue	Two children playing above a blue water hose.
they Two took. pictures women reviewing	Two women reviewing pictures they took.
red turf. the green on stretch in football four The players	The four football players in red stretch on the green turf.
A child bench with arms out. on stretched a is	A child is on a bench with arms stretched out.
runs the Black through field in rain. dog	Black dog runs through field in the rain.
tablet. shorts writing A red is in woman on a	A woman in red shorts is writing on a tablet.
red the cheers wearing on crowd red, team. football a	a crowd wearing red, cheers on the red football team.
pool. a water pistol is squirting a boy little in the yellow swimming	a little boy is squirting a yellow water pistol in the swimming pool.
ramp. a skateboard top performing man of A jump off the a	A man performing a skateboard jump off the top of a ramp.
is the off A flying water bird white surface.	A white bird is flying off the water surface.
grass. through dog is quickly the brown and running white The	The white and brown dog is running quickly through the grass.
with in water. playing Two are tires men muddy	Two men are playing with tires in muddy water.
blue bar area, in Small background. reaching another play in for boy child	Small boy reaching for blue bar in play area, another child in background.
line Three walk women on in sidewalk. a the	Three women walk in a line on the sidewalk.
a boy young A dances in crowd.	A young boy dances in a crowd.
football playing kids are Three after resting	Three kids are resting after playing football
a food the dog staring A in person at plate of is the eating.	A dog is staring at the food in the plate of a person eating.
the jumps over dog a fence.	a dog jumps over the fence.
glittery fancy, Two wear girls costumes.	Two girls wear fancy, glittery costumes.
crowd in device. a views A electronic person an	A person in a crowd views an electronic device.
bmx dirt a on man jumping ramp a A bike.	A man jumping a dirt ramp on a bmx bike.
makeshift on cliff. a of side are men on Two the beds sleeping	Two men are sleeping on makeshift beds on the side of a cliff.
a dress wearing the camera. looks purple at girl little down A	A little girl wearing a purple dress looks down at the camera.
riding a The man surfboard. wave a on is large	The man is riding a large wave on a surfboard.
along the on Two water. the are beach dogs running	Two dogs are running on the beach along the water.
hits water. person the parachute their A as splash makes a from hanging a body	A person hanging from a parachute makes a splash as their body hits the water.
a sweater. focus wearing little of soft A picture orange an girl	A soft focus picture of a little girl wearing an orange sweater.
with is A grey small in cow. dog the a grass brown	A small grey dog is in the grass with a brown cow.
China. in of Men race ride bicycle the streets through a	Men in a bicycle race ride through the streets of China.
Muzzled dogs running. white	Muzzled white dogs running.
A woman on runs the beach.	A woman runs on the beach.
horse its grass. trying reach through a fence a black sticking to the head	a black horse sticking its head through a fence trying to reach the grass.
holding a drinks girls at on something and cellphone. Two looking	Two girls holding drinks and looking at something on a cellphone.
a another child on swing. pushes A child	A child pushes another child on a swing.
boys the stairs small of Three by top at granite sit surrounded walls. brick	Three small boys sit at the top of granite stairs surrounded by brick walls.
hat A wearing carries a picture a woman man pink her. while takes a a of baby	A woman takes a picture of a baby wearing a pink hat while a man carries her.
of plays shaggy flowers. A grass a field dog yellow in and	A shaggy dog plays in a field of grass and yellow flowers.
blue jumping air. is A a wearing shirt in child the	A child wearing a blue shirt is jumping in the air.
drag parked a motorcyclist strip. along One speeds motorcyclist a from away	One motorcyclist speeds away from a parked motorcyclist along a drag strip.
the so so onto a into girl holding fall water. she n't tries A vine	A girl tries holding onto a vine so she so n't fall into the water.
leg. hoop upper A a spinning with a around pink outside is girl house hula her	A girl is outside a house with a pink hula hoop spinning around her upper leg.
an a ocean Two girl small and adults along walk boardwalk.	Two adults and a small girl walk along an ocean boardwalk.
Surfer surfboard. on back leaning	Surfer leaning back on surfboard.
rocky man stands on a hill. A of top	A man stands on top of a rocky hill.
play. two brown dogs	two brown dogs play.
sits waterfall grey in rock. a watches a from and man A	A man in grey sits and watches a waterfall from a rock.
water. and is dog white in the dog that brown black stand a A and	A black dog and a dog that is brown and white stand in the water.
sand. like Four shovel men looks what	Four men shovel what looks like sand.
playing a field. on boys soccer little Two	Two little boys playing soccer on a field.
do a dance. Girls line a in	Girls in a line do a dance.
three is on seats A legs stretching he woman across train. a subway	A woman is stretching he legs across three seats on a subway train.
bike. A on a onto holding girl a man small	A man holding onto a small girl on a bike.
A and in females group one dressed of three costume male	A group of three females and one male dressed in costume
play sand. A in the together boy young girl and	A young boy and girl play together in the sand.
standing Four a are front of outside in fence. men	Four men are standing outside in front of a fence.
s wearing dog a a grey get coat jumping to toy.	s grey dog wearing a coat jumping to get a toy.
teen boys basketball outside Three playing	Three teen boys playing basketball outside
steps do Skateboarders of tricks on building. outside	Skateboarders do tricks on steps outside of building.
a rocks walk on Three boys along river.	Three boys walk on rocks along a river.
girl does blue handstand A a on young a sheets. with bed	A young girl does a handstand on a bed with blue sheets.
Three near on climbers rocks waterfall.	Three climbers on rocks near waterfall.
rock in with A and city the bay a a climbing, man background.	A man rock climbing, with a city and a bay in the background.
purple body. collar A green harness a shaking is its dog and a tri-colored wearing	A tri-colored dog wearing a green collar and a purple harness is shaking its body.
water. out winter onto frozen apparel in venture of dressed Two body a people	Two people dressed in winter apparel venture out onto a frozen body of water.
jumping an over A obstacle fence. dog course	A dog jumping over an obstacle course fence.
a dog is and has jumping. his A white mouth red and toy black in	A black and white dog has a red toy in his mouth and is jumping.
park played Several a people a giant watching chess pieces. game with are at	Several people are at a park watching a chess game played with giant pieces.
boy screams. a	a boy screams.
apron has an its back. on A miniature dachshund	A miniature dachshund has an apron on its back.
on swing. girls a swing tire Two	Two girls swing on a tire swing.
down on. the falling another girl snow as A looks in	A girl falling down in the snow as another looks on.
goal. a hockey a man to tries game, During an make ice	During an ice hockey game, a man tries to make a goal.
around the beach. Two dogs black on splash	Two black dogs splash around on the beach.
the The the girl cart woman is the across and skating ice. in pulling ice little	The woman is ice skating and pulling the little girl in the cart across the ice.
with his a walking a down road A on is dirt right. man shop	A man is walking down a dirt road with a shop on his right.
the man bright pulling jacket wearing snow. orange a team sledding in dog A a	A dog sledding team pulling a man wearing a bright orange jacket in the snow.
with behinf girl boy is a her a stepping standing A swimming pool into	A girl with a boy standing behinf her is stepping into a swimming pool
in a band men woods. practice Six have the	Six men have a band practice in the woods.
a on red in meal. bench man whilst cooking is a A jacket sitting a	A man in a red jacket is sitting on a bench whilst cooking a meal.
a bting dog red German a Sheppard ball large	a German Sheppard dog bting a large red ball
in Young furry pets cat ponytail girl	Young girl in ponytail pets furry cat
A man Mouse woman hats. Mickey and wear	A man and woman wear Mickey Mouse hats.
on standing cement. children Two asian	Two asian children standing on cement.
jumping lake. dock into woman in blue bathing is a suit a A off a	A woman in a blue bathing suit is jumping off a dock into a lake.
in the dog white rolling brown and The sand. is	The white and brown dog is rolling in the sand.
goers party. at costumes Some party a in pose their halloween	Some party goers pose in their costumes at a halloween party.
a mountain in along cap red path. hiker A walking a	A hiker in a red cap walking along a mountain path.
walking in balance the woman girl outfit standing a of A pink a her aid little blue beam left. is with to and on	A little girl in a blue and pink outfit is walking on a balance beam with the aid of woman standing to her left.
down speeding trail. Cyclist the	Cyclist speeding down the trail.
Children leapfrog. playing	Children playing leapfrog.
dog a mouth. its in has ball The	The dog has a ball in its mouth.
skateboard his jumping skateboarder A with	A skateboarder jumping with his skateboard
little in the The poses garden. boy	The little boy poses in the garden.
in stream. rocky over large A duck flight a	A large duck in flight over a rocky stream.
girl cross-country skis. A	A girl cross-country skis.
dog on dog green the sun a lying bed. A in is large big, brown	A large brown dog is lying in the sun on a big, green dog bed.
is playing that jumping has A broken. with a ball dog	A dog is jumping playing with a ball that has broken.
ready a A pinata. child to at gets swing	A child gets ready to swing at a pinata.
A and cow dog inside a together fence. the play	A dog and a cow play together inside the fence.
doing young man tricks an urban area. bicycle in A	A young man doing bicycle tricks in an urban area.
guys The shooting hoops. are	The guys are shooting hoops.
in a sidewalk dressed D.C. on of in group A people attire Washington wintery	A group dressed in wintery attire of people on a sidewalk in Washington D.C.
bike. and headphones a with riding sunglasses Man	Man with sunglasses and headphones riding a bike.
large surfer of is a wave a water. riding in body A	A surfer is riding a wave in a large body of water.
dirt white A water racing in the car and	A white car racing in the dirt and water
of dogs playing group a	a group of dogs playing
landscape silhouette visible. The the is man is in mountain while	The man is in silhouette while the mountain landscape is visible.
playing a pitbull with a stick	a pitbull playing with a stick
bandanna grey woman leading red and a a in through A spotted black competition. dog a	A woman leading a grey and black spotted dog in a red bandanna through a competition.
plays ball A a girl pit. in little	A little girl plays in a ball pit.
from one A park. jumps boy at another table to a	A boy jumps from one table to another at a park.
boy powerful pose. in strikes boxers A a his	A boy in his boxers strikes a powerful pose.
his a turned city. back shot a of in man with Thre is	Thre is a shot of man with his back turned in a city.
a A by plays crowd. while cricket person being watched	A person plays cricket while being watched by a crowd.
is A into blue person diving clear water.	A person is diving into clear blue water.
women man, Bald beers, with at two event. posing	Bald man, two women with beers, posing at event.
boys a grass. toy on car Two little sit the in	Two little boys sit in a toy car on the grass.
ball. with playing dog the A in waves a	A dog playing in the waves with a ball.
playing on a day on beautiful A tractor a family	A family playing on a tractor on a beautiful day
A in grass. jumping dog the is	A dog is jumping in the grass.
through meadow high a Two of dogs romp grasses	Two dogs romp through a meadow of high grasses
red swings bat. child a baseball A back small	A small child swings back a red baseball bat.
interesting A buildings. young some picture man front of a of in	A picture of a young man in front of some interesting buildings.
ticket. a and is A backpack poems for shirt grey man offering in a Giants	A man in a grey shirt and backpack is offering poems for a Giants ticket.
hand stands rock head. his near next to his with a A monument person	A person stands next to a rock monument with his hand near his head.
in beanie a bike A trick. man doing a	A man in a beanie doing a bike trick.
kayaks through a water. the kayaker	a kayaker kayaks through the water.
black on dog A rope. a tugs	A black dog tugs on a rope.
in of jumping a front skateboarder building. A	A skateboarder jumping in front of a building.
run Four across dogs black grass. the	Four black dogs run across the grass.
a the in mouth his water with coach into has helmet sprayed boxer ring. A by boxing red his	A boxer with a red helmet has water sprayed into his mouth by his coach in the boxing ring.
Two shrubs walking the and away from through are camera grass. dogs	Two dogs are walking away from the camera through shrubs and grass.
forest. covered snow in The a jumps the hut over skier	The skier jumps over a hut in the snow covered forest.
its stick carrying A brown mouth. in is a dog	A brown dog is carrying a stick in its mouth.
dog the the water squirted little girl. from is the by hose being the drinking	the dog is drinking the water being squirted from the hose by the little girl.
beach a poodle playing on	poodle playing on a beach
water. the bank A river a and on standing boy girl a are facing	A boy and a girl are standing on a river bank facing the water.
The is hockey the in blue. in of player ice player tumbling white in front	The ice hockey player in white is tumbling in front of the player in blue.
playing child water. in A	A child playing in water.
face goggles swim child submerged with halfway with	child with swim goggles with face submerged halfway
cyclist mountain rock the a biker bike stands over his is as jumping on trail watching. another A	A mountain biker is jumping his bike over a rock as another cyclist stands on the trail watching.
of shopping in a Teenagers carts play rooftop.	Teenagers play in shopping carts of a rooftop.
with background. the sits mountains man a in on A horse	A man sits on a horse with mountains in the background.
to a chair in next with guitar A and a is hands colorful sitting child his young in sitting a book him.	A young child is sitting in a colorful chair with a guitar in his hands and a book sitting next to him.
boy a by a bucket a bucket A water. is water girl with of chased with being of	A girl with a bucket of water is being chased by a boy with a bucket of water.
Two whisper another looks on. to as children stand and other each	Two children stand and whisper to each other as another looks on.
Collie making a a hurdle. over jump yellow	Collie making a jump over a yellow hurdle.
pitch. team swings a watches player's as A softball at she	A softball player's team watches as she swings at a pitch.
dogs small Two white playing	Two small white dogs playing
air. and The raising crowd hands green his in the boy purple in the jacket shirt stands the whilst in	The boy in the purple shirt and green jacket stands in the crowd whilst raising his hands in the air.
by Little bit of the left around in the water girls little sprinklers. splash	Little girls splash around in the little bit of water left by the sprinklers.
desert. slightly Two retrievers running in snowy a golden	Two golden retrievers running in a slightly snowy desert.
the a of picture. is are which out and Three uniform scene are outdoors people in observing	Three people in uniform are outdoors and are observing a scene which is out of the picture.
to Students university a are going class at	Students are going to class at a university
street. walk city women a skirts Two in down	Two women in skirts walk down a city street.
in Dogs racing dirt.	Dogs racing in dirt.
jump the on snow. other Two each dogs in	Two dogs jump on each other in the snow.
the smilely while Dog park faced owner spectators Frisbee, in jumps catch over to watch	Dog jumps over owner to catch smilely faced Frisbee, while spectators in the park watch
an wearing a A arm lying in hospital cast bed boy	A boy wearing an arm cast lying in a hospital bed
jumping dog brown medium sized A	A medium sized brown dog jumping
airborne. dirt on bike, man a A	A man on a dirt bike, airborne.
snowboarder a along gap. a A slides over ramp snowy	A snowboarder slides along a ramp over a snowy gap.
poles. running yellow black is A dog and between white	A black and white dog is running between yellow poles.
colorful the clothes in girl beach on A	A girl in colorful clothes on the beach
The uniforms kids three on a soccer grass field. are wearing	The three kids are wearing soccer uniforms on a grass field.
boy in A tends a fire, man a parka coat watches. yellow a a in	A man in a yellow coat tends a fire, a boy in a parka watches.
scene. people in winter wearing a pole clothes Two winter stand near a	Two people wearing winter clothes stand near a pole in a winter scene.
man is pub. jacket people crowd in walking past an the English blue of in The a	The man in the blue jacket is walking in a crowd of people past an English pub.
while watch. spectators jumps A snowboarder	A snowboarder jumps while spectators watch.
a horses fire. are girl two near A man, contained and and	A man, and girl and two horses are near a contained fire.
A the air. dog in up jumping	A dog jumping up in the air.
holds his breath A underwater. child	A child holds his breath underwater.
gate. a do young front yoga couple A in of positions torii	A young couple do yoga positions in front of a torii gate.
one women There to blond picture other. the are with in two pretending the choke hair	There are two blond hair women in the picture with one pretending to choke the other.
people group being pool, in of are swimming splashed. A a	A group of people are in a swimming pool, being splashed.
two holds her A woman swimming a young daughters. suit in	A woman in a swimming suit holds her two young daughters.
is playing man against The tennis the building.	The man is playing tennis against the building.
grassy sitting of people few bottom a hill. A the at	A few people sitting at the bottom of a grassy hill.
smiles underwater. boy a	a boy smiles underwater.
on a dirt is while A rider bike trail. midair	A dirt bike rider is midair while on a trail.
A the boy in air on standing a little rock. high	A little boy standing high in the air on a rock.
and woman short in skirt A a boots.	A woman in a short skirt and boots.
bike trick on performs A a ramp. a man	A man performs a bike trick on a ramp.
her woman blond hair with holds sunglasses. The	The woman with blond hair holds her sunglasses.
A adult her. while and child pony to stand next older a an child rides	A child rides a pony while an older child and adult stand next to her.
outside are People night. at	People are outside at night.
black through snow. A dog the running is	A black dog is running through the snow.
with Blue the of nets is loaded cart A wheels Company. a man Ocean in pulling is front and on	A man is pulling a cart on wheels loaded with nets and is in front of the Ocean Blue Company.
on mountaintop. a pauses A skier	A skier pauses on a mountaintop.
to bags wall. women Two stand a outside next carrying	Two women carrying bags stand outside next to a wall.
small red water. The in are white black dog the large dog a and standing and	The large black dog and a small red and white dog are standing in the water.
skiing people no ski, to a sign. to stand, Three ready next	Three people stand, ready to ski, next to a no skiing sign.
poles A between running competition dog	A competition dog running between poles
dog tunnel. black through running long orange a A	A black dog running through a long orange tunnel.
a wet on green a A man motorcycle rides racetrack.	A man rides a green motorcycle on a wet racetrack.
in red a girl a towards bowl carries wagon. metal a A forest	A girl in a forest carries a metal bowl towards a red wagon.
dog dogs and a shallow medium water. are in Two playing small	Two medium dogs and a small dog are playing in shallow water.
a brown dog front in of plant digging a hole A	A brown dog digging a hole in front of a plant
the on runs shaggy in three people dog A beach. of front	A shaggy dog runs in front of three people on the beach.
blue person grass. does in A dressed flip light back shoes white a the with in	A person dressed in light blue with white shoes does a back flip in the grass.
A female swinging wearing baseball a a uniform bat.	A female wearing a baseball uniform swinging a bat.
in black sparking There pool. dog blue and is a white a	There is a black and white dog in a sparking blue pool.
woman acoustic an with guitar playing a A microphone	A woman playing an acoustic guitar with a microphone
deep dog shoulder muddy water. in stands A	A dog stands shoulder deep in muddy water.
dog a dog and A yellow a over fight brown plastic bottle. play	A brown dog and a yellow dog play fight over a plastic bottle.
standing man dog pool behind the that swimming. A is the is in	A man is standing in the pool behind the dog that is swimming.
racers orange driving Two car an	Two racers driving an orange car
rock man a wall purple with a climbs hat of hand bandaged and A	A man with a purple hat and bandaged hand climbs a wall of rock
an A at a mouse wear woman event. mickey and ears man	A man and a woman wear mickey mouse ears at an event.
tree. in a is high up sitting Girl	Girl is sitting high up in a tree.
the standing lake. looking are on the Men horses shore at on	Men on horses are standing on the shore looking at the lake.
through dog A brown swimming water. murky	A brown dog swimming through murky water.
a people busy are subway gathered station. of in A crowd	A crowd of people are gathered in a busy subway station.
a kayaker A falling waterfall down	A kayaker falling down a waterfall
body a large water. A rows a over person boat of	A person rows a boat over a large body of water.
a with a woman knit Pizza sign. smiling near on cap Domino's is A	A woman with a knit cap on is smiling near a Domino's Pizza sign.
a black rope catch toy dog to jumping a	a black dog jumping to catch a rope toy
dog the towards leaps shore. of A water out	A dog leaps out of the water towards shore.
dog the white returns and snow. A black a stick in	A black and white dog returns a stick in the snow.
dog on shore. a child young the leads A large	A young child leads a large dog on the shore.
tennis dressed white and man in racquet hitting ball with a orange	man dressed in orange and white hitting a tennis ball with racquet
car a view Bird's of his driver in eye	Bird's eye view of a driver in his car
waves. surfer a in blue swimsuit riding A the is	A surfer in a blue swimsuit is riding the waves.
A a man boy slide and water down splash. little makes a a carries big	A man carries a little boy down a water slide and makes a big splash.
gray A day. stands fisherman on on a beach the	A fisherman stands on the beach on a gray day.
rappeling and young rock the man wall. t-shirt up is The the white with jeans	The young man with the white t-shirt and jeans is rappeling up the rock wall.
jumps A the tan in water. dog big	A big tan dog jumps in the water.
climbs a young girl tree. a	a young girl climbs a tree.
with a a plays with plush toy. man little An dog	An man plays with a little dog with a plush toy.
path of next on man to walking snow clear building	man walking next to building on path clear of snow
ball floating dressed them. another a uniform man in and sticks holding a dressed in between man and white a with yellow sports red uniform sports A	A man dressed in a yellow sports uniform and another man dressed in a red and white sports uniform holding sticks with a ball floating between them.
in mountains poses in hat the a A man green	A man in a green hat poses in the mountains
boy a in young A a shirt in white field	A young boy in a white shirt in a field
is brown A on top a of structure. dog triangular	A brown dog is on top of a triangular structure.
climbs in between very climber large A rocks. two rock	A rock climber climbs in between two very large rocks.
water. two A man boys spraying standing and in	A man and two boys standing in spraying water.
on running grass. Young boys	Young boys running on grass.
in jumps life air. the vest kid the up The in	The kid in the life vest jumps up in the air.
water. Black dog and running through white	Black and white dog running through water.
a vest and A life trunks man jet red in swim skiing.	A man in swim trunks and a red life vest jet skiing.
walking city people Blurry in the night. at	Blurry people walking in the city at night.
There and person ground on in the grass. shopping a laying a cart of green is a field	There is a shopping cart and a person laying on the ground in a green field of grass.
on dog in hind white mouth. a its with A standing is ball legs its	A white dog is standing on its hind legs with a ball in its mouth.
in is man leaping blue. in yellow A men toward	A man in yellow is leaping toward men in blue.
collie a jumps hurdle A	A collie jumps a hurdle
four walks A in parking person lot. dogs a on leashes	A person walks four dogs on leashes in a parking lot.
chasing in duck dog A pond. a a	A dog chasing a duck in a pond.
wearing and rides coat bicycle blue street. down A white person the a a	A person wearing a blue and white coat rides a bicycle down the street.
looks pensive of a a sweater crowd pink A in next woman laughing women. to	A woman in a pink sweater looks pensive next to a crowd of laughing women.
and dog tan a opens ball. red black for its mouth A	A tan and black dog opens its mouth for a red ball.
in flip. man a A doing midair	A man in midair doing a flip.
air while in legs Man puts bike. up riding	Man puts legs up in air while riding bike.
A into his climbs boy toy car.	A boy climbs into his toy car.
A man is kayaking water. rough through	A man is kayaking through rough water.
as flies red ball soccer A through sole air. shown the shoe girl's is the	A girl's red shoe sole is shown as the soccer ball flies through the air.
snow people on a wasteland. covered walk Three	Three people walk on a snow covered wasteland.
or sitting water going people attraction. Many are observing and a into	Many people are sitting and observing or going into a water attraction.
water. black paws a A his dog collar stands with with red outside in	A black dog with a red collar stands outside with his paws in water.
with man The women. a has beret in two black the conversation	The man in the black beret has a conversation with two women.
pring socks dark in and red Lady shoes walking. skirt, top,	Lady in dark top, pring skirt, red socks and shoes walking.
A a black running in backyard dog	A black dog running in a backyard
the bikes in biker mountains. a	a biker bikes in the mountains.
Men the signs standing with sidewalk. on	Men standing with signs on the sidewalk.
his leg the A to swings punt player ball. back rugby	A rugby player swings his leg back to punt the ball.
ball white chases orange Small dog	Small white dog chases orange ball
walking a side man the man with colorful a of A along buildings. near sitting the on street left	A man sitting on the left near a man walking along the side of a street with colorful buildings.
playing on and haired dog a black, dog gravel. is white, shaggy with fluffy brown A the	A black, shaggy haired dog is playing with a brown and white, fluffy dog on the gravel.
person long a rock snow. is climbing shirt with the in The red sleeved the	The person with the red long sleeved shirt is climbing a rock in the snow.
happy The stream. enjoys scenic winter the couple	The happy couple enjoys the scenic winter stream.
taking A of pictures and the a in woman foreground. child surf the	A woman taking pictures of the surf and a child in the foreground.
a The and standing next a is jacket to wearing bicycle. red man	The man is wearing a red jacket and standing next to a bicycle.
Several a campfire people by at read night.	Several people read by a campfire at night.
corndogs eat outside. kids Two	Two kids eat corndogs outside.
seven a the in A are of rapids green rafting in group boat. people	A group of seven people are rafting in the rapids in a green boat.
bicyclist maneuvers A does	A bicyclist does maneuvers
other parasailors person water, is close him. over A with parasailing behind	A person is parasailing over water, with other parasailors close behind him.
is orange fishing entangled collar with dog A black wearing wire. an	A black dog wearing an orange collar is entangled with fishing wire.
stream. bike near a a a dark outfit in is forest man a through mountain riding and a sunglasses	a man in a dark outfit and sunglasses is riding a mountain bike through a forest near a stream.
white through grass. the A dog running	A white dog running through the grass.
a shaved a with A riding head bike. man mountain	A man with a shaved head riding a mountain bike.
small ball. in surf with stand Two and a blue dogs brown play the	Two brown dogs stand in the surf and play with a small blue ball.
a in is dress a purple throwing tantrum. girl A	A girl in a purple dress is throwing a tantrum.
table people gather around a for Three beverages.	Three people gather around a table for beverages.
a clutching is baby animal stuffed A smiling.	A baby clutching a stuffed animal is smiling.
Fireworks stands night onstage. man as up light a the	Fireworks light up the night as a man stands onstage.
greenish girl The water. blue is swimming sparkling in	The girl is swimming in sparkling greenish blue water.
each Two other. dogs biting and are brown fighting	Two brown dogs are fighting and biting each other.
little girl outside. puddle A stands a in	A little girl stands in a puddle outside.
dog the brown beach. towards at Light running something	Light brown dog running towards something at the beach.
dogs fight. two black	two black dogs fight.
boys costume. enjoys pirate The his	The boys enjoys his pirate costume.
building pre-teen in boys an Six front posing old of	Six pre-teen boys posing in front of an old building
rides A a on swing. girl	A girl rides on a swing.
girl slide. A inside tubular long a	A girl inside a long tubular slide.
football off player ball. in kicks the red The	The football player in red kicks off the ball.
dog yellow a black a leash. carries	a yellow dog carries a black leash.
A large up a picking rock. woman	A woman picking up a large rock.
A of brown a dog out. closeup his tongue with	A closeup of a brown dog with his tongue out.
boy A in room. a blue kicks a ball	A boy kicks a blue ball in a room.
to A on pine a tree next dog bucket biting	A dog next to pine tree biting on a bucket
A is out blue a fluffy shute. coming white obstacle striped dog of	A fluffy white dog is coming out of a blue striped obstacle shute.
trotting dog yard. someone's through A	A dog trotting through someone's yard.
woman walking rope a a and across man bridge. are A	A man and a woman are walking across a rope bridge.
umbrella his bleak Man walking in a with street.	Man walking with his umbrella in a bleak street.
man a posing in of A cage. bird front	A man posing in front of a bird cage.
in are wading river. Two a dogs	Two dogs are wading in a river.
trick ramp. of one jumping the a at is bikers, top Two	Two trick bikers, one is jumping at the top of a ramp.
The glasses boy in is reading.	The boy in glasses is reading.
camps area. a A in desolate group	A group camps in a desolate area.
by tires. yellow car is smoke its A creating spinning	A yellow car is creating smoke by spinning its tires.
Two people racing racing are wearing uniforms motorcycles. riding	Two people wearing racing uniforms are riding racing motorcycles.
white dogs grass run a next road. to Two the on	Two white dogs run on the grass next to a road.
the starts. doing stretches game football A their team before	A football team doing their stretches before the game starts.
sumo wrestler award. A accepting an	A sumo wrestler accepting an award.
catching A bird puppy a	A puppy catching a bird
climb overhanging rock Two water. people a	Two people climb a rock overhanging water.
into man off jumping A water. cliff a	A man jumping off a cliff into water.
with a boy big are wearing jacket. a people, finger, two a blue her on ring There a lady and	There are two people, a lady with a big ring on her finger, and a boy wearing a blue jacket.
older outside. drinking people Two coffee	Two older people drinking coffee outside.
in third streets. two look dogs dogs as a the on attack dog Three	Three dogs look on as two dogs attack a third dog in the streets.
an board waterski man down a doing flip upside on a	an upside down man doing a flip on a waterski board
A toddler down running is a hallway.	A toddler is running down a hallway.
the dog splashes through water. brown The	The brown dog splashes through the water.
person white The on ice. is standing	The person is standing on white ice.
a A of watching group at people a are slideshow. conference	A group of people are at a conference watching a slideshow.
covered with blanket yellow Woman baby holding	Woman holding baby covered with yellow blanket
the sand. dirt in deep bike is rider The	The dirt bike rider is deep in the sand.
a standing pool boy a swimming by	a boy standing by a swimming pool
Two building. sitting of in men city front a on are steps	Two men are sitting on steps in front of a city building.
the sucks boy on arm of baby him. the woman sweater holding A	A baby boy sucks on the sweater arm of the woman holding him.
pond. Two a near children the in woods	Two children in the woods near a pond.
min man who pants. the and at is looking orange top pink boots The the patterned wearing girl is	The girl min the pink top is looking at the man who is wearing orange boots and patterned pants.
on yellow in red food and young black man a preparing t-shirt A cutting board. a	A young man in a black and red t-shirt preparing food on a yellow cutting board.
lined a bearded man sitting a jacket hat. fur A on bench wearing is and	A bearded man is sitting on a bench wearing a fur lined jacket and hat.
wooded blue sunglasses a A helmet and in terrain bikes through man	A man in a blue helmet and sunglasses bikes through wooded terrain
a in field. a ride Children tractor	Children ride a tractor in a field.
on man board wave The uses air. into the to jump the high the	The man on the board uses the wave to jump high into the air.
school talk Three high walk and on girls AstroTurf.	Three high school girls walk and talk on AstroTurf.
street side A restaurant	A street side restaurant
Skater a does on a trick rail.	Skater does a trick on a rail.
child in shirt clapping their white a A hands.	A child in a white shirt clapping their hands.
long plays in young with boy water. A hair the	A young boy with long hair plays in the water.
is The a blue fence. on and above is boy bike	The boy is on blue bike and is above a fence.
mouth its in object like carrying brown A dog Frisbee a	A brown dog carrying a Frisbee like object in its mouth
tumble people grassy hill. down a Two	Two people tumble down a grassy hill.
edge of in Black upper object frame. snow at red leaps dog for	Black dog in snow leaps for red object at upper edge of frame.
animals dog A with outside. three horns farm is near	A dog is near three farm animals with horns outside.
a the with in dog mouth. jumping stick out water Black his of	Black dog jumping out of the water with a stick in his mouth.
A black and in is and brown lab catching toy lab are outside black mouth. the a its	A brown and black lab are outside and the black lab is catching a toy in its mouth.
at the dog looking standing A outside is camera.	A dog standing outside is looking at the camera.
shell crowd holding a A is while her. at topless conch woman looks a	A topless woman is holding a conch shell while a crowd looks at her.
in black child green coat. wearing a Green red coat sled Child behind Bay a carrying a and a	Child wearing a Green Bay coat carrying a red sled behind a child in a green and black coat.
his a shower to man out A looks stick outdoors and takes tongue. up	A man takes a shower outdoors and looks up to stick out his tongue.
boy jumps A from set. swing a	A boy jumps from a swing set.
ball. high woman above wearing tennis A reaches hit a to herself white	A woman wearing white reaches high above herself to hit a tennis ball.
The dressed as is standing a a fairy. up stage little girl pink on	The little girl is standing on a stage dressed up as a pink fairy.
stand men, a outside and Two gathering building. in front boys of young two a a large of people woman,	Two men, a woman, and two young boys stand in front of a large gathering of people outside a building.
different and field. are that brown are in of a shades dogs Three running white	Three dogs that are different shades of brown and white are running in a field.
Two playing are together. children flag football	Two children are playing flag football together.
looking water. of fence couple standing to body next at a A a	A couple standing next to a fence looking at a body of water.
little pokes head girl tree A with hair her branches. through black	A little girl with black hair pokes her head through tree branches.
a bouncing girl on trampoline. young A	A young girl bouncing on a trampoline.
past legs alley. several of an people walking The	The legs of several people walking past an alley.
Girls one wearing smiles. costumes stand around,	Girls wearing costumes stand around, one smiles.
a people A in of sit couple waiting lit chairs in room sunlight. in	A couple of people sit in chairs in a waiting room lit in sunlight.
The on in a parka is person snowboard. the	The person in the parka is on a snowboard.
A the through in white snowboarder air. soaring	A snowboarder in white soaring through the air.
in Two infants, standing sitting, and a are one one bathroom.	Two infants, one standing and one sitting, are in a bathroom.
bright riding A whilst is drinking shirt latte. man bicycle a through the a and green streets a sunglasses in	A man in a bright green shirt and sunglasses is riding a bicycle through the streets whilst drinking a latte.
puppy. adult behind Australian a Australian An running follows Shepherd Shepherd	An adult Australian Shepherd follows behind a running Australian Shepherd puppy.
is by sidewalk the sitting man on A a tree.	A man is sitting on the sidewalk by a tree.
a hockey boys frozen play on Two pond.	Two boys play hockey on a frozen pond.
couple talking woman. to Suprised	Suprised couple talking to woman.
dog standing making brown on A while face a funny a beach.	A brown dog making a funny face while standing on a beach.
their stop chocolate to have the women Two factory. taken picture outside	Two women stop to have their picture taken outside the chocolate factory.
catch orange dog an to A Frisbee. jumps	A dog jumps to catch an orange Frisbee.
a BMX man bicycle. hits a A jump white tank his red with in	A man in a white tank hits a jump with his red BMX bicycle.
haircut for on putting woman holding paint. with Child Mohawk face mirror	Child with Mohawk haircut holding mirror for woman putting on face paint.
waterskier A jumping is the the through onto line. whilst air holding	A waterskier is jumping through the air whilst holding onto the line.
swims. A dog	A dog swims.
people recently Two edge cliff. snowed a of on the on stand	Two people stand on the edge of a recently snowed on cliff.
pool Person doing in backstroke	Person doing backstroke in pool
talking A black and a the on phone. red shirt hair striped woman with	A woman with red hair and a black striped shirt talking on the phone.
a beach a the on is pole. in a fishing cap yellow carrying man	a man in a yellow cap is on the beach carrying a fishing pole.
a people flamboyantly Two hundreds of people. walk featuring at dressed	Two flamboyantly dressed people at a walk featuring hundreds of people.
The and are patterns. gold walls covered in	The walls are covered in gold and patterns.
red cyclist hill going over a red wearing two shirts	two cyclist wearing red shirts going over a red hill
stick orange a for A brown a and and woman fetch. black jacket to black throws a dog in	A woman in a black and orange jacket throws a stick for a brown and black dog to fetch.
is running hairy A down a very dog hall.	A very hairy dog is running down a hall.
down in through brown a trail dog runs the A toward the mountains the camera brush rocky background. with	A brown dog runs toward the camera down a rocky trail through the brush with mountains in the background.
on beach, people and a Several a ball.	Several people on a beach, and a ball.
stand a a of near building. on colorful A group circus people balcony	A group of people stand on a balcony near a colorful circus building.
A street. is white on the car blue and	A white and blue car is on the street.
hat. smiling an pulls A orange from boy a object	A smiling boy pulls an orange object from a hat.
as pass man crowds The under the street by. sleeping blanket is in the a	The man is sleeping under a blanket in the street as the crowds pass by.
people legs ground grass background. the above the Two a laying and in with building the in	Two people laying in the grass with legs above the ground and a building in the background.
people on mountain. posing side are the Three of a	Three people are posing on the side of a mountain.
in laundry buckets a with them. next Child edge by to standing rivers	Child standing by a rivers edge with laundry in buckets next to them.
soccer jumping dog black A ball. a get to	A black dog jumping to get a soccer ball.
child down mountain. the laughs while A snowy tubing	A child laughs while tubing down the snowy mountain.
wears A hat. robot jogger a	A jogger wears a robot hat.
Two with a play children in farm yard animals.	Two children play in a yard with farm animals.
snow. Lone skier walks the through	Lone skier walks through the snow.
playground A with and an two children adult.	A playground with two children and an adult.
a plaid off ramp. A red a a trick does skateboarder shirt of wearing concrete	A skateboarder wearing a red plaid shirt does a trick off of a concrete ramp.
interesting stands while distance on in some light the the sky casts clouds. A group	A group stands in the distance while the sky casts interesting light on some clouds.
a guitar. man playing A shirt in pink	A man in a pink shirt playing guitar.
front a in man brick A of standing building.	A man standing in front of a brick building.
rubs A grass. in dog the brown his face and black	A brown and black dog rubs his face in the grass.
out. A feet with the water diving pelican towards	A pelican diving towards the water with feet out.
his teeth sunglasses offers man wearing ! all big smile reflective A showing a	A man wearing reflective sunglasses offers a big smile showing all his teeth !
dog looks white The happy running.	The white dog looks happy running.
dog elevated along walkway. A small walks an	A small dog walks along an elevated walkway.
men a drink two having nametags and wearing smiling	two men wearing nametags having a drink and smiling
in A at the a two shorts dogs throwing with toy black man holds beach. ball	A man in shorts with two black dogs holds a ball throwing toy at the beach.
praying in hands with people heads bald a white position. Religious their hold wearing	Religious people wearing white with bald heads hold their hands in a praying position.
front a with a Three it. man orange of of pictures who is in standing front sit on art wall people in	Three people sit in front of a man who is standing in front of a orange wall with art pictures on it.
dogs Two blond one sniff another.	Two blond dogs sniff one another.
in play ladies sand. the Three	Three ladies play in the sand.
beach men at fire the with sticks at the Two ends. twirl	Two men at the beach twirl sticks with fire at the ends.
a young cardboard holding men sign. homeless Two	Two homeless young men holding a cardboard sign.
wheelchair a outside. a pushing man in woman A	A woman pushing a man in a wheelchair outside.
shirt swing. a bucket toddler in pink A in a	A toddler in a pink shirt in a bucket swing.
up stands outside old older man An a building. boarded	An older man stands outside a old boarded up building.
black across a dog is sand. jumping There	There is a black dog jumping across sand.
other a in dog each face. biting tan are black and A dog the	A tan dog and a black dog are biting each other in the face.
grass. a big A the on dog chases little dog	A big dog chases a little dog on the grass.
flying water. a swan body through is A of	A swan is flying through a body of water.
of the near in red people large grass. a A group brick sit building	A group of people sit near a large red brick building in the grass.
dog. a another on boy dock dog watching A and a stand	A boy and a dog stand on a dock watching another dog.
a trick man performs wakeboarding A	A man performs a wakeboarding trick
the ball Black catches dog snow. in	Black dog catches ball in the snow.
the sidewalk. man A a scarf walking down striped in	A man in a striped scarf walking down the sidewalk.
on a trampoline. Two children jump	Two children jump on a trampoline.
dog A jumping over small an obstacle.	A small dog jumping over an obstacle.
A from outside. bar upside metal down child hanging a	A child hanging upside down from a metal bar outside.
ladies Two are dresses. wearing bald red	Two bald ladies are wearing red dresses.
the dogs playing snow. in Two	Two dogs playing in the snow.
his water while an adult in arms. A toddler holds plays	A toddler plays in water while an adult holds his arms.
while are people wooded area around. Two stand interacting a in dogs	Two dogs are interacting in a wooded area while people stand around.
walking a backpacks. Children yellow with sidewalk on	Children walking on a sidewalk with yellow backpacks.
woman in blue picture a dressed for A posing	A woman dressed in blue posing for a picture
ballet girl her in A class	A girl in her ballet class
are Two and near adult the fountain. children an	Two children and an adult are near the fountain.
". blue wearing shirt a man " says, boys is do A that Boys will haired brown	A brown haired man is wearing a blue shirt that says, " Boys will do boys ".
down couple A is sidewalk. walking the	A couple is walking down the sidewalk.
through water. The running is black dog	The black dog is running through water.
small dog A the brown in swims water.	A small brown dog swims in the water.
glass from a bottle. boy drinks a	a boy drinks from a glass bottle.
A raft group waters. jackets life through wearing a riding people rough of	A group of people wearing life jackets riding a raft through rough waters.
Two ball. boys go soccer after a playing	Two boys playing soccer go after a ball.
hair a A long show. at woman very dog dog shows with a	A woman shows a dog with very long hair at a dog show.
with girl a sitting on A bench. black wooden a purse	A girl with a black purse sitting on a wooden bench.
The is an drink at a man event. holding	The man is holding a drink at an event.
a are and the white Three dog beach. sitting on a sand people in	Three people and a white dog are sitting in the sand on a beach.
blue, riding in horses jockeys, in a one yellow, Two race. one in	Two jockeys, one in yellow, one in blue, riding horses in a race.
inside red the sitting Woman on couch a house.	Woman sitting on a red couch inside the house.
a rocks man and A of water. near jumping body	A man jumping near rocks and a body of water.
the over jumpinjg a wave beach large two people at	two people jumpinjg over a large wave at the beach
tennis on deck. tan, a are and A white ball black dog and and a dog brown, a playing white house with	A brown, tan, and white dog and a black and white dog are playing with a tennis ball on a house deck.
dog stands edge an water. icy the A body on of of	A dog stands on the edge of an icy body of water.
runs on A beach. dog white a	A white dog runs on a beach.
over drift. squirrel a jumping snow A is brown	A brown squirrel is jumping over a snow drift.
a children A class teaching holding small scarves. composed colourful of ballet woman	A woman teaching a ballet class composed of small children holding colourful scarves.
man on shirtless a is backpack a rocky a hat with standing A shoreline. and	A shirtless man with a backpack and a hat is standing on a rocky shoreline.
swan above A water. is	A swan is above water.
table. behind a people sitting Four	Four people sitting behind a table.
Four of wave. sitting path in the people a	Four people sitting in the path of a wave.
is on of stairs. rail the skateboarder balancing A	A skateboarder is balancing on the rail of stairs.
trick ramp teen bike doing on A boy bicycle a a	A teen boy doing a bicycle trick on a bike ramp
people Three climbing rocks.	Three people climbing rocks.
of water onto the and A grass. dog out dark the jumps	A dark dog jumps out of the water and onto the grass.
bathtub with bubbles toddler plays A the young suds. in and	A young toddler plays in the bathtub with bubbles and suds.
workers a construction top. on Two working roof	Two construction workers working on a roof top.
above the water near cliffs. and red dirt the high air the A rock boy in	A boy high in the air above the dirt and water near the red rock cliffs.
seats sleeping boy sucking and on his Small thumb.	Small boy sleeping on seats and sucking his thumb.
sweatshirt in girl A backwards. bends a purple over	A girl in a purple sweatshirt bends over backwards.
blue up brown a staircase. walks Large dog	Large brown dog walks up a blue staircase.
a white man a inside subway of train	a man inside of a white subway train
dances on A wall. a colorful man	A man dances on a colorful wall.
a white by bicycle person being a on a dog led	a white dog being led by a person on a bicycle
soccer soccer head, a male black white white him. a player uniform player in uniform purple a with and in a behind soccer on his A ball soccer male	A black soccer male soccer player in a purple uniform with a soccer ball on his head, and a white male soccer player in a white uniform behind him.
in toilets near 5 outdoor People a city orange	People near 5 orange outdoor toilets in a city
bmx rider off a jumps a ramp.	a bmx rider jumps off a ramp.
skateboard films while it. man trick A doing a pants in is shirt no and another man blue	A man in blue pants and no shirt is doing a skateboard trick while another man films it.
night. at The city	The city at night.
dog is brown chasing black a the on dog sand. A	A brown dog is chasing a black dog on the sand.
breaks game. hockey fight at a A out	A fight breaks out at a hockey game.
down a a drink. and sitting A have man are and girl	A man and a girl are sitting down and have a drink.
dangles rocky a ocean. cliff over rope Someone the a from on	Someone dangles on a rope from a rocky cliff over the ocean.
through is water. boy A wading	A boy is wading through water.
an in A inflatable playing pool. child	A child playing in an inflatable pool.
white around running strips top. red pole a on Four children with and	Four children running around a pole with red and white strips on top.
yellow is punching young A boy ball. a	A young boy is punching a yellow ball.
A the dog out black of leaps water.	A black dog leaps out of the water.
chest. with their soccer ball child is hitting a A	A child is hitting a soccer ball with their chest.
girl young as with around with holding A tied hands a shirt up woman hill. sweatshirt her they in a grassy waist green her a walk	A woman with her sweatshirt tied around her waist holding hands with a young girl in a green shirt as they walk up a grassy hill.
A plays beach. at in surf the girl the	A girl plays in the surf at the beach.
the is from a a jumping girl in cardigan couch. little pink	a little girl in a pink cardigan is jumping from the couch.
A on man with the his characters feel draws street.	A man draws characters with his feel on the street.
and white walking passing A by down the a young beanie is in garage. a man road	A young man in a white beanie is walking down the road and passing by a garage.
shooting player basketball. men's # Florida 33 basketball	Florida men's basketball player # 33 shooting basketball.
of hillside large stand cross. front wooden grassy a Two in on a people	Two people stand on a grassy hillside in front of a large wooden cross.
holding with a girl A red pink camera. is headband	A girl with a red headband is holding pink camera.
and A wearing branch. tree down top upside child from red a shorts, a hangs	A child wearing a red top and shorts, hangs upside down from a tree branch.
a jumping A red a outfit on trampoline. child in	A child in a red outfit jumping on a trampoline.
playing Two in waves. girls	Two girls playing in waves.
a lawn and between sidewalk stands man building on a grass A	A man stands on a sidewalk between a grass lawn and building
blue against and sky A a profile mountain range. hiker's	A hiker's profile against a blue sky and mountain range.
swimming A in dog pond. a	A dog swimming in a pond.
a hill. A and women atop walk man	A man and women walk atop a hill.
in agility white event. competing an dog A	A white dog competing in an agility event.
other like look each standing to out tree. are a behind Eight stretched with arms people	Eight people are standing behind each other with arms stretched out to look like a tree.
" hands, with their " group on X A smiling. of adults young	A group of young adults with " X " on their hands, smiling.
gold a a wearing roller man of and in hat shirt, standing cross, cowboy front a coaster. A white is	A man wearing a white shirt, gold cross, and a cowboy hat is standing in front of a roller coaster.
08 Obama man an in sign. black holds A up	A man in black holds up an Obama 08 sign.
on city street. dressed leather standing in are women a Two	Two women dressed in leather are standing on a city street.
small on Four a bar. at tall restaurant children stools sit	Four small children sit on tall stools at a restaurant bar.
a A dog the walking is in track in snow. tire	A dog is walking in a tire track in the snow.
man A black shirt. red in a	A black man in a red shirt.
runs field. dog a through snowy A	A dog runs through a snowy field.
a group of people of front and A in snowy mountain. horses	A group of horses and people in front of a snowy mountain.
ball red a A man into trying to throw cups.	A man trying to throw a ball into red cups.
Three towards snow. in fence dogs the running a	Three dogs running towards a fence in the snow.
its water white bird the jumps A into spreads and wings feet first.	A white bird spreads its wings and jumps into the water feet first.
shirt and man helmet bike. an A orange races blue in his	A man in an orange shirt and blue helmet races his bike.
and in the the group white grass black small goats of background. dog in a with a	a small group of goats in the grass with a black and white dog in the background.
waterskiing. boys Two	Two boys waterskiing.
chases dog after ball park in yellow Brown	Brown dog chases after yellow ball in park
swimming standing boy of A in front a pool. smiles	A boy smiles standing in front of a swimming pool.
is ice an in hockey game progress. There	There is an ice hockey game in progress.
A costume pose of group children in dressed for picture. a	A group of children dressed in costume pose for a picture.
dogs are Two chasing ball. a	Two dogs are chasing a ball.
a jumping drainage into bmx A area.	A bmx jumping into a drainage area.
water a one stick with dogs in Two retrieving	Two dogs in water with one retrieving a stick
track. a The the at race run dogs	The dogs run a race at the track.
people before families a tents background with a Some stand UN white of some group markings. in sit, and of	Some people sit, and some stand in a group of families before a background of white tents with UN markings.
people have them. paint The on	The people have paint on them.
and is goggles pool. A in swimmer wearing white the cap	A swimmer wearing goggles and white cap is in the pool.
A black dog pink a white and chases Frisbee.	A black and white dog chases a pink Frisbee.
brown the blue laying the tied grass with bandanna dog water. in its The neck around a by is	The brown dog with a blue bandanna tied around its neck is laying in the grass by the water.
dog a A sized jumping to medium is stick. get	A medium sized dog is jumping to get a stick.
a A sky and on beautiful boat him. a man has above	A man on a boat and has a beautiful sky above him.
girl swings swing. a a on pink wearing	a girl wearing pink swings on a swing.
another on biting dog One while tag bed. a laying tan dog	One tag dog biting another tan dog while laying on a bed.
man of a section holding vest in up neon-colored A a wood	A man in a neon-colored vest holding up a section of wood
up jumping red in Girl	Girl in red jumping up
tuxedos shoes silly and are wedding men photo. tennis a for dressed jumping in Five	Five men dressed in tuxedos and tennis shoes are jumping for a silly wedding photo.
parade. for a the camera young women at Three pose	Three young women pose for the camera at a parade.
The bike. his the high jumps motocross air rider in on	The motocross rider jumps high in the air on his bike.
man a A track. bicycle a blue on in is riding	A man in blue is riding a bicycle on a track.
Two against sitting concrete women young wall. a	Two young women sitting against a concrete wall.
larger of is where jumps a dog little A dog eating. bench off the	A little dog jumps off of the bench where a larger dog is eating.
is chasing ball. dog The tan a	The tan dog is chasing a ball.
young walk Several trees. women near cherry blossoming	Several young women walk near blossoming cherry trees.
is in The running tan and dog the white field.	The tan and white dog is running in the field.
curly hair taking with red outside. pictures Woman	Woman with red curly hair taking pictures outside.
dog A the track wearing six running on a is black yellow greyhound a on number jacket.	A black greyhound dog is running on a track wearing the number six on a yellow jacket.
flip young runs A flops a girl street. wearing flowered down Asian sundress and the	A young Asian girl wearing flip flops and a flowered sundress runs down the street.
boys both touches face A smiling. a girl ; are	A girl touches a boys face ; both are smiling.
on dog field fast Black running a	Black dog running fast on a field
and with beard gives thumbs up. glasses a Man white	Man with white beard and glasses gives a thumbs up.
outside. with play each Two dogs other	Two dogs play with each other outside.
A playing toy. and a dig black stuffed with are dog brown	A brown dig and black dog are playing with a stuffed toy.
by player An ball american white strip carrying strip. a a in in is footballer being is pursued the who black another	An american footballer in a white strip who is carrying the ball is being pursued by another player in a black strip.
street down ambulance red two drives people A on. look the as	A red ambulance drives down the street as two people look on.
swoops hovering water. white the large The bird down above	The large white bird swoops down hovering above the water.
rides brown a a man wearing no A with shirt dog. skateboard	A man wearing no shirt rides a skateboard with a brown dog.
flags multicolored wall a with her sitting behind woman a several on	a woman sitting on a wall with several multicolored flags behind her
by shopping men bags. holding a red fence Two walking	Two men walking by a fence holding red shopping bags.
boy a blue pool. jumps goggles swimming into wearing A	A boy wearing goggles jumps into a blue swimming pool.
takes baseball The a swing. player	The baseball player takes a swing.
green row of a bikes. green jumping other bike a on a shirt motorcyclist green over a wearing	a motorcyclist wearing a green shirt on a green bike jumping over a row of other green bikes.
Girl band a the trumpet marching in playing	Girl playing the trumpet in a marching band
does man tricks skateboard. his on A young	A young man does tricks on his skateboard.
A woman and blue wearing clothes traditional Arab a both boy are	A woman and a boy are both wearing blue traditional Arab clothes
across a metal rail. skating Boy	Boy skating across a metal rail.
desert man one A are box a on road hands group men another. a blue of to whilst standing	A group of men are standing on a desert road whilst one man hands a blue box to another.
doing woman jump A bike a on a	A woman doing a jump on a bike
accordion. road on an guy A playing of side the the sitting	A guy sitting on the side of the road playing an accordion.
players basketball are There three	There are three basketball players
with a a crossbones red a shirt is There child young skull with it. on and	There is a young child with a red shirt with a skull and crossbones on it.
wearing A an orange large and bubble. a clear blows glasses t-shirt young girl	A young girl wearing glasses and an orange t-shirt blows a large clear bubble.
his hunter and woman tiger A dressed a as poses inflatable safari toy. a man with	A man dressed as a safari hunter poses with a woman and his inflatable tiger toy.
A on plants. chews baby	A baby chews on plants.
formation the Three clouds. above are in skydivers	Three skydivers are in formation above the clouds.
man person homeless by a looked at being another	a homeless person being looked at by another man
A in man lays in blue down shorts a lot. parking outside	A man in blue shorts lays down outside in a parking lot.
the blue A in of a bouncing boy wearing net. shorts basketball is front	A boy wearing blue shorts is bouncing a basketball in front of the net.
between flower a field. is man A down tulips red ducking in the	A man is ducking down between the red tulips in a flower field.
black red BMX rider his is jumping on outfit a in and motorcycle. A	A BMX rider in a red and black outfit is jumping on his motorcycle.
with a white hands. road A walk man a a down dress with dirt and together a t-shirt holding woman sleeveless	A man with a white t-shirt and a woman with a sleeveless dress walk down a dirt road together holding hands.
The large on with a playing small is ball grass. dog the	The small dog is playing with a large ball on the grass.
twin toy on. pushing One girl looks sister her while a young	One young girl pushing a toy while her twin sister looks on.
outside. and beard moustache, a wearing with man sits long a hat, The	The man with a long beard and moustache, wearing a hat, sits outside.
a girl of her arms in A into little jumps the standing pool. mother,	A little girl jumps into the arms of her mother, standing in a pool.
young child splashing A water. in	A young child splashing in water.
People cause. a supporting	People supporting a cause.
motion playing stopped Children in	Children playing in stopped motion
are blue is walking trail the moon mountaineers Four a under sky. that in visible on the	Four mountaineers are walking on a trail under the moon that is visible in the blue sky.
clothes the brightly women top stand at Two in of steps. asian colored traditional dressed	Two women dressed in brightly colored traditional asian clothes stand at the top of steps.
is A grey trees. the through flying bird	A grey bird is flying through the trees.
identifier dog with race running six. A greyhound a in number	A greyhound dog running in a race with identifier number six.
race a run in a busy street Runners down	Runners in a race run down a busy street
bright sitting woman cafe A blonde red outside with lipstick hair an big at and	A woman with bright red lipstick and big blonde hair sitting at an outside cafe
down to rugby attempts another. player take One	One rugby player attempts to take down another.
play indoors. small basketball boys Three	Three small boys play basketball indoors.
strawberry a feeds Someone turtle. a to	Someone feeds a strawberry to a turtle.
is with to child A adult yellow and nearby. an clinging equipment clothing blue playground in	A child in blue and yellow clothing is clinging to playground equipment with an adult nearby.
swinging at pole a on is boy the The beach.	The boy is swinging on a pole at the beach.
trains. are yellow People and blue two boarding	People are boarding two yellow and blue trains.
coat in runs hill. striped, hooded Boy down grassy	Boy in striped, hooded coat runs down grassy hill.
igloo a blue building. the boy a from shirt rope type front building of above in is posing a dangling with an person A in	A boy in a blue shirt is posing in front of an igloo type building with a person dangling from a rope above the building.
background. a A in house child snow the the with in	A child in the snow with a house in the background.
third little another girl falling out kisses while of girl is the frame. A	A girl kisses another little girl while the third is falling out of frame.
boy blue in has and his on hat little is a stiped A a playing party a puddle. head shirt wearing	A little boy wearing a blue stiped shirt has a party hat on his head and is playing in a puddle.
the of is jumping water. out fish large green The	The large green fish is jumping out of the water.
man shore in wintertime. fishing the the A from	A man fishing from the shore in the wintertime.
playing a on dog catches while wet sand. The toy the	The wet dog catches a toy while playing on the sand.
their are a Two show. women in dogs walking contestants dog	Two women contestants are walking their dogs in a dog show.
blue a snowboarder with jump. a Several are watching jacket people	Several people are watching a snowboarder with a blue jacket jump.
girl by water is the splashed in swimmer. wearing googles water A with a blue being fellow face	A girl wearing blue water googles is being splashed in the face with water by a fellow swimmer.
The a is player football play nearby. with to preparing make onlookers	The football player is preparing to make a play with onlookers nearby.
blond carries on stick A dog wet, the a shore.	A wet, blond dog carries a stick on the shore.
and a obstacle. A down over hill man skiing red a	A man skiing down a hill and over a red obstacle.
is outside. hairdo shopping A woman crazy with a	A woman with a crazy hairdo is shopping outside.
with in shirt pink white writing lying Girl grass. in	Girl in pink shirt with white writing lying in grass.
a is a performing wall. a another A skateboard child leans child skateboard with on trick while	A child is performing a skateboard trick while another child with a skateboard leans on a wall.
climb wearing helmet a a tries hands. to his rock yellow A man with	A man wearing a yellow helmet tries to climb a rock with his hands.
the out holds A arms Mart his camera. in Wall to man unifrom old a	A old man in a Wall Mart unifrom holds his arms out to the camera.
makes face the goofy in half grass. girl a A little does and push up a	A little girl makes a goofy face and does a half push up in the grass.
a their hanging girls by little bar. metal are from arms Two	Two little girls are hanging by their arms from a metal bar.
retrieving red A with stick collar a deep black water. dog from a	A black dog with a red collar retrieving a stick from deep water.
a Two women mudfight. in	Two women in a mudfight.
girls a boy swing. sits between A on two	A boy sits between two girls on a swing.
woman Costumed applying lipstick.	Costumed woman applying lipstick.
fence. A a child small wire hangs from	A small child hangs from a wire fence.
is numerous surfer waves. riding A	A surfer is riding numerous waves.
black birds the of group A take sand. one while on stands flight white bird	A group of white birds take flight while one black bird stands on the sand.
paws A white rock. over is black climbing with dog a	A black dog with white paws is climbing over a rock.
inside A black the playing dog fence. is	A black dog is playing inside the fence.
street. the in rollerskating A boy	A boy rollerskating in the street.
suds. A boy the in soap covered small in bath	A small boy in the bath covered in soap suds.
girls Two 4 wheeler. riding a are	Two girls are riding a 4 wheeler.
ski boats the ocean. in riding People on	People riding on ski boats in the ocean.
the water. sand group in A looking out people of the at stand	A group of people stand in the sand looking out at the water.
on a man a snow A cup holding mountain.	A man holding a cup on a snow mountain.
on swing Person	Person on swing
car race the A car a white down and track. yellow	A white car and a yellow car race down the track.
brown black and dog running A outside.	A black and brown dog running outside.
This outside. is man smoking	This man is smoking outside.
front a of in crowd girl a a cartwheel doing	a girl doing a cartwheel in front of a crowd
a other by and courtyard. A Bug cars in are admired Volkswagen green people vintage	A green Volkswagen Bug and other vintage cars are admired by people in a courtyard.
white got an outfit in off A bucked bull. cowboy angry a just	A cowboy in a white outfit just got bucked off an angry bull.
is dog in playing white black a brown and or A with fighting dog grass.	A black and white dog is playing or fighting with a brown dog in grass.
railroad are walking tracks. camera, the away from People along	People are walking away from the camera, along railroad tracks.
petting children are piglet a young the	the young children are petting a piglet
brick some buildings. front skateboarder a in of airborne low is	a skateboarder is airborne in front of some low brick buildings.
riding a clown bicycle. with a big hat A	A clown with a big hat riding a bicycle.
brown standing Two the on together dogs a bank of lake.	Two brown dogs together standing on the bank of a lake.
bike a crowd jumps watches. while A across hillside bicyclist a spread their	A bicyclist jumps their bike while a crowd spread across a hillside watches.
of shallow water through grey a Two dogs the lake. running	Two grey dogs running through the shallow water of a lake.
A slide. crouches of child at reflective a playground top the	A child crouches at the top of a reflective playground slide.
two a happily children playing on small tire swing.	two small children happily playing on a tire swing.
white had red and a overlooking with a in lake. red mittens the Someone and snow standing	Someone with a red had and red and white mittens standing in the snow overlooking a lake.
dog at cream The is last looking shaggy ice of an the cone.	The shaggy dog is looking at the last of an ice cream cone.
on bag his lap transportation on sleeping A public a with man	A man sleeping with a bag on his lap on public transportation
and building. of group in one four girl a guys brick front shot of A	A group shot of four guys and one girl in front of a brick building.
is talking The the and with red team white officials. football	The red and white football team is talking with the officials.
in Two boys doing blue are funny poses. shirts	Two boys in blue shirts are doing funny poses.
play white men guitars. in Two	Two men in white play guitars.
hanging branch. on Two a large children	Two children hanging on a large branch.
looking Four children out window. a	Four children looking out a window.
a kicks girl shirt little A blue pink a ball. in	A little girl in a pink shirt kicks a blue ball.
men Two at a ball. kick soccer	Two men kick at a soccer ball.
dogs Two play	Two dogs play
a cliff man A up climbing rocky	A man climbing up a rocky cliff
The is dog the swimming brown water. in	The brown dog is swimming in the water.
jumps dog a woman. elderly to an	a dog jumps to an elderly woman.
sand. on play fighting Two dogs	Two dogs play fighting on sand.
A three fire. man a sticks playground near holding on	A man near a playground holding three sticks on fire.
hooping A colored hoops. with in little four a red girl long is brightly hula skirt hula	A little girl in a long red skirt is hula hooping with four brightly colored hula hoops.
smile. children Two	Two children smile.
amusement are a on the Five at kids ride park. yellow	Five kids are on a yellow ride at the amusement park.
near blazing a two in fire. the sitting dark people	two people sitting in the dark near a blazing fire.
frame ski off person A an shack. A jumps	A person ski jumps off an A frame shack.
A two push a is apart. using man boats pole to long	A man is using a long pole to push two boats apart.
in sit dark People clothing together.	People in dark clothing sit together.
big seaweed of it in behind the pile sits is dog on a water. sand, running the black A	A pile of seaweed sits on the sand, behind it a big black dog is running in the water.
in running fluffy the White dog dirt.	White fluffy dog running in the dirt.
trunks sprayed screams A in with swim while water. boy being	A boy in swim trunks screams while being sprayed with water.
wear Children uniforms. soccer	Children wear soccer uniforms.
girl pool. A a in underwater	A girl underwater in a pool.
with a woman red sitting a in tents. in in A lawn and man a chairs of shirt front beard	A man with a beard and a woman in a red shirt sitting in lawn chairs in front of tents.
a cliff stands a overlooking water. of man A on body rocky	A man stands on a rocky cliff overlooking a body of water.
the slide blue going in The down girl dress white the is	The girl in the white dress is going down the blue slide
over railing bridge asian being leans boy while held Small	Small asian boy leans over bridge railing while being held
flames end. jumps dog brown each A with hurdle on over	A brown dog jumps over hurdle with flames on each end.
a red man, grass. the plays dressed on A and in white wearing cap,	A man, dressed in white and wearing a red cap, plays on the grass.
court. a people Various on basketball	Various people on a basketball court.
man of tan walks area. a dog a in ahead dry A	A tan dog walks ahead of a man in a dry area.
middle harness a of in on a climbing a man through the cave.	a man on a harness in the middle of climbing through a cave.
dogs the run Two through park.	Two dogs run through the park.
in of a his blue wearing is a above A head. middle holding the room plate standing boy	A boy wearing blue is standing in the middle of a room holding a plate above his head.
dog jumping dog. the is white The at up brown	The white dog is jumping up at the brown dog.
in A wearing performs black skates. on man a dressed while all trick rail a inline	A man dressed all in black performs a trick on a rail while wearing inline skates.
Shepherd obstacle. Australian through An an dog runs	An Australian Shepherd dog runs through an obstacle.
boy pool headfirst into falling A a	A boy falling headfirst into a pool
blue and rock a and the powdery covered sky on background. with a white other one play brown dogs, hill boxer a in terrier, clouds a the Two and	Two brown and white dogs, one a boxer and the other a terrier, play on a rock covered hill with a blue sky and powdery clouds in the background.
a ocean. of on blue the walks A clear dog shore	A dog walks on the shore of a clear blue ocean.
and on the animals inflatable sells vendor toys A sidewalk. stuffed	A vendor sells inflatable toys and stuffed animals on the sidewalk.
Two carpet white the one of its fangs. are showing with on a dogs dogs	Two dogs are on a white carpet with one of the dogs showing its fangs.
kick. with a martial ice artist A breaks	A martial artist breaks ice with a kick.
greyhound racing. is black and shirt a yellow A in	A greyhound in a black and yellow shirt is racing.
wheeled a Kites devices to attached field in	Kites attached to wheeled devices in a field
the wearing on blue life looking green, a A is towards vest wooden and out boat black boy a water.	A boy wearing a black and blue life vest is on a green, wooden boat looking out towards the water.
dogs race many around track. the	many dogs race around the track.
event. flags, at A crowd some people, with an of	A crowd of people, some with flags, at an event.
dog along grass. A black the and brown and white dog run green	A brown dog and black and white dog run along the green grass.
wearing a grey white shopping small shirt boy A cart. a pushes	A small boy wearing a white shirt pushes a grey shopping cart.
black a yellow A dog and	A black and a yellow dog
A a is jumping little of slide. the top off boy	A little boy is jumping off the top of a slide.
yellow young barricade. a jumps adult A on	A young adult jumps on a yellow barricade.
a high spaghetti. in is girl messily eating little chair A	A little girl in a high chair is messily eating spaghetti.
the to air the black Frisbee and catch The field. the white in dog grassy white on jumps	The black and white dog jumps in the air to catch the white Frisbee on the grassy field.
skiers sitting Snowboarders take snow the hill. the while in	Snowboarders sitting in the snow while skiers take the hill.
with man in walks wetsuit a surfboard a A beach a along	A man in a wetsuit with a surfboard walks along a beach
playing front yard, dog Frisbee a in the next to A car.	A dog playing Frisbee in the front yard, next to a car.
also large snow a the dog snow. covered brown carrying The with running stick, is in	The brown dog running in the snow is carrying a large stick, also covered with snow.
dirt riding a bike. A person	A person riding a dirt bike.
Lady group of on walking of men. a a in cellphone front	Lady on a cellphone walking in front of a group of men.
leaning motorcycle. man is racing A a on	A man is leaning on a racing motorcycle.
around greyhounds track. two dogs muzzled racing a	two muzzled greyhounds dogs racing around a track.
bag. bends plastic down a woman to in reach a	a woman bends down to reach in a plastic bag.
horses five five horses with a jockeys and	a horses with five jockeys and five horses
a river. swing A boy little a some beside swinging and trees on is	A little boy is swinging on a swing beside some trees and a river.
soccer in boy blue attempts During a game, a ball. kick the to	During a soccer game, a boy in blue attempts to kick the ball.
wave parasurfer in a lone a ocean. surfing huge the	a lone parasurfer surfing a huge wave in the ocean.
a dog with yellow with man ball a playing	man playing with a dog with a yellow ball
corner Greyhounds race. at a take a	Greyhounds take a corner at a race.
a sitting in doorway. Elderly man	Elderly man sitting in a doorway.
over a vaulting ridge. A snowboarder rock	A snowboarder vaulting over a rock ridge.
wearing black to is equipment ride dirt man his and This green bike.	This man is wearing green and black equipment to ride his dirt bike.
A black dog the splashes water. through	A black dog splashes through the water.
in lies a boy orange A on shirt bodyboard an the surf. with	A boy with an orange shirt lies on a bodyboard in the surf.
A skateboard. a boy does a on trick	A boy does a trick on a skateboard.
dog approaches across ball camera orange dead with Black leaves.	Black dog with orange ball approaches camera across dead leaves.
Skiiers snowy mountain. on a	Skiiers on a snowy mountain.
white is swimming river. the The and black in dog	The black and white dog is swimming in the river.
down a A rides bike their person hill.	A person rides their bike down a hill.
and her. girl looks boy smiles up A a at	A girl smiles and a boy looks up at her.
A man in is with yellow near a of helmet a bicycle yellow protesters. a walking a group	A man in a yellow helmet is walking with a yellow bicycle near a group a of protesters.
leashes the walks down street on a two man dogs	a man walks two dogs on leashes down the street
on a wall. girl little climbing blond A	A little blond girl on a climbing wall.
a eat. to get a girl is trying a restaurant, table boy a to At little in	At a table in a restaurant, a girl is trying to get a little boy to eat.
of Asian rides front in bicycle two a An cars. woman	An Asian woman rides a bicycle in front of two cars.
a woman is stone child A a carrying across bridge.	A woman is carrying a child across a stone bridge.
and fetch. to a throw dog about to for go toy a man A	A man about to throw a toy for a dog to go and fetch.
is a lady a playing dress bagpipe. wearing red A	A lady wearing a red dress is playing a bagpipe.
together outside. playing ball dogs Two	Two dogs playing ball together outside.
grey wetsuit in in poised water. A haired the a	A grey haired in a wetsuit poised in the water.
a dog toy. outside A with green black	A black dog outside with a green toy.
walks down old the a uncrowded road. man	a old man walks down the uncrowded road.
dogs through Three while the wearing run grass colored shirts.	Three dogs run through the grass while wearing colored shirts.
the road. is dog yellow on running dirt The	The yellow dog is running on the dirt road.
a the boy leaps snowboard A air. through on	A boy on a snowboard leaps through the air.
of crowd A children.	A crowd of children.
in dog water. plays A	A dog plays in water.
jump snowboard air on in doing the person a	person on snowboard in the air doing a jump
small advertising a driving rainy on A with car race is track.	A small race car with advertising is driving on a rainy track.
woman dancing guitar music and is holding to bottle. A strapless top with a water a	A woman with a strapless top is dancing to guitar music and holding a water bottle.
the in on water A day. sunny kids young of play group a	A group of young kids play in the water on a sunny day.
white and a Black blue playing toy. with dog	Black dog playing with a white and blue toy.
the small Two play on dogs lawn.	Two small dogs play on the lawn.
celebrating, a green wearing Nadal headband	Nadal celebrating, wearing a green headband
Frisbee, many catch A dog watch. while to jumps a people	A dog jumps to catch a Frisbee, while many people watch.
his man large friends while rock any watch gear a a without climber	a man climber a large rock without any gear while his friends watch
nice for A make a camera. the her mother to face is daughter asking	A mother is asking her daughter to make a nice face for the camera.
white is on wearing a guy black and surface. skateboarding black shirt There striped the and a grey pants	There is a guy wearing a grey and white striped shirt and black pants skateboarding on the black surface.
a blonde bed. onto Little boy is falling	Little blonde boy is falling onto a bed.
platform. A heavy in a coat a man from concrete fishes	A man in a heavy coat fishes from a concrete platform.
girl back a A bend. doing	A girl doing a back bend.
the in sun trees woods. the tent a is blazing green The through onto	The sun is blazing through the trees onto a green tent in the woods.
in sunglasses walking the in ocean. Boy	Boy in sunglasses walking in the ocean.
A a sprinkler outside. group play of children in	A group of children play in a sprinkler outside.
her two with scared blue children other a looking shirt a with girl behind	a girl with a blue shirt looking scared with two other children behind her
running white dogs are in one grass. Two alongside snowy another	Two white dogs are running alongside one another in snowy grass.
children the The water. playing in are	The children are playing in the water.
lies A boy young blue on wearing grass. shirt a the	A young boy wearing a blue shirt lies on the grass.
yellow with A running flopping. Labrador its ears	A yellow Labrador running with its ears flopping.
children water. naked muddy playing in Three	Three naked children playing in muddy water.
brown swims pool. white A a swimming in backyard and dog	A brown and white dog swims in a backyard swimming pool.
shepherd red German playing is A a with ball.	A German shepherd is playing with a red ball.
sky. a a blue snow is person kneeling red on under in A snowy ridge gear	A person in red snow gear is kneeling on a snowy ridge under a blue sky.
dogs other across each rough to next terrain. run Two	Two dogs run next to each other across rough terrain.
yard. is and white stone past dog water A running a hose a in a bench	A white dog is running past a water hose and a stone bench in a yard.
in boy jumping a A fountain.	A boy jumping in a fountain.
holding girl at heart of necklace a A and closeup a looking it.	A closeup of a girl holding a heart necklace and looking at it.
put grocery for trash to searching her woman the cart. A cans in in	A woman searching for cans in the trash to put in her grocery cart.
in bike pitbull its a holds mouth. A tire brindle dirt	A brindle pitbull holds a dirt bike tire in its mouth.
balls boy orange tosses on shirt purple a lawn. in A a	A boy in a purple shirt tosses orange balls on a lawn.
boys tuxedos. Two in little	Two little boys in tuxedos.
a hiker with The covered hill walking is dog. a black snow up	The hiker is walking up a snow covered hill with a black dog.
snowboards. man A	A man snowboards.
dog A on running and a boy grass	A boy and a dog running on grass
person snowboarding on refrigerator a a	a person snowboarding on a refrigerator
A a stage. plays girl her guitar on dark	A girl plays her guitar on a dark stage.
Three with a in the snow. Frisbee playing dogs	Three dogs playing with a Frisbee in the snow.
phone of smiling standing on another the is passed girl. girl plants by front A in beautiful	A girl on the phone standing in front of beautiful plants is passed by another smiling girl.
smaller art the of A festival on forest edge a	A smaller art festival on the edge of a forest
colorful man a by houses. passes driving a blue boat some	a man driving a blue boat passes by some colorful houses.
kayak. red man a in A	A man in a red kayak.
building. A on a white next green dog brick the jumps grass to	A white dog jumps on the green grass next to a brick building.
a boy A lake in playing	A boy playing in a lake
to water A his trying baby fountain from in catch a mouth	A baby trying to catch water from a fountain in his mouth
and is guy has of he them. the 4 of 3 a pictures same There on crown in	There is 4 pictures of the same guy and he has a crown on in 3 of them.
running for in purple a jersey football player touchdown. in a is the A ball	A football player in a purple jersey is running the ball in for a touchdown.
shoulders. a smiling around rope has long hardhat red of woman a her A wearing length	A smiling woman wearing a red hardhat has a long length of rope around her shoulders.
a motorbike A jumping pole.	A motorbike jumping a pole.
steps is brown tree. walking down under a some dog	a brown dog is walking down some steps under tree.
shirt a dress black little a share an wearing and man girl wearing A treat. orange a	A man wearing a black shirt and a little girl wearing an orange dress share a treat.
dog peeks red a A out tunnel. play of	A dog peeks out of a red play tunnel.
a railing. down A metal slides skateboarder	A skateboarder slides down a metal railing.
runs A dog sand. across	A dog runs across sand.
baseball a boy and bat one outstreached. arm out on A holds leans	A boy leans on a baseball bat and holds out one arm outstreached.
advertising white a hamburgers. jacket that walks woman is past billboard a wearing a	a woman wearing a white jacket walks past a billboard that is advertising hamburgers.
as is bundled in The the snow. child he walks well	The child is well bundled as he walks in the snow.
mountain along a a dirt is area. heavy wooded in biker riding trail A	A mountain biker is riding along a heavy dirt trail in a wooded area.
a riding blue bicycle a A in on jacket a path. woman woodland is	A woman in a blue jacket is riding a bicycle on a woodland path.
in a a a Mohawk A person a and store. kilt is sports in and jersey	A person in a kilt and a sports jersey and a Mohawk is in a store.
looking no boots head a shorts wearing on his on Man and with out standing with onto hand hiking shirt mountain.	Man with no shirt on wearing shorts and hiking boots standing with hand on his head looking out onto a mountain.
of in people with raised. hands Crowd center child outside with	Crowd of people outside with child in center with hands raised.
bag on concrete sitting with a curb. Man duffel	Man with duffel bag sitting on a concrete curb.
camera. adults young the pose for Three	Three young adults pose for the camera.
a carpet. dress blonde red kneeling wearing young girl a red A on	A young blonde girl wearing a red dress kneeling on a red carpet.
window. girl a A into peers	A girl peers into a window.
up at park. little A girl climbs jungle climbing a a gym rock	A little girl climbs up a rock climbing jungle gym at a park.
in the of dogs barking. one sled snow, Pack	Pack of sled dogs in the snow, one barking.
stands from a cloudy sky. spray person fountain a under Young blue in	Young person stands in spray from a fountain under a cloudy blue sky.
the on on ground. tire with Two being a children young are swing pushed snow	Two young children are being pushed on a tire swing with snow on the ground.
running dog awkwardly. A is	A dog is running awkwardly.
field A dog a its tongue runs with out. sticking in	A dog runs in a field with its tongue sticking out.
rock. off a person wheelie A doing a of on motorcycle a	A person on a motorcycle doing a wheelie off of a rock.
collar in the white A with runs black snow. a dog	A white dog with a black collar runs in the snow.
travel through horse riders Group woods. the of	Group of horse riders travel through the woods.
hill. on a down Two a people sled riding snowy	Two people on a sled riding down a snowy hill.
referee. wrestlers a Two and	Two wrestlers and a referee.
kitchen. bringing owner to dog the the newspaper its through A is	A dog is bringing the newspaper to its owner through the kitchen.
wooded Two running labs around a area near	Two labs running around near a wooded area
some letters the little is boy on cutout A putting wall.	A little boy is putting some cutout letters on the wall.
play on Two outfits a little red and pink girls in yellow playground.	Two little girls in pink outfits play on a yellow and red playground.
a its in a object grassy white mouth. dog is carrying on path running yellow a	a white dog is running on a grassy path carrying a yellow object in its mouth.
jumping white The player team. score orange up a point the is basketball against in to	The basketball player in white is jumping up to score a point against the orange team.
on man statue mountaintop. A near stands a a	A man stands near a statue on a mountaintop.
dogs a outside. cage small in Two are	Two small dogs are in a cage outside.
through walks leaves an The ball. brown black dog with orange	The black dog walks through brown leaves with an orange ball.
fashion firing an Group cannon. of A old men	A Group of men firing an old fashion cannon.
and a as tiles dismounts she can lands the high on A swing rubber as girl below. from	A girl dismounts from a swing as high as she can and lands on the rubber tiles below.
a of back Smoke red spewing car of on race racetrack. out the is a	Smoke is spewing out of the back of a red race car on a racetrack.
open mouth girl radio wearing t-shirt has	girl wearing radio t-shirt has open mouth
Two dogs the on playing beach.	Two dogs playing on the beach.
red flags white and A in skiing with black is the main right. to a shirt	A main in a black and white shirt is skiing with red flags to the right.
on ball boy hits A a a tennis court.	A boy hits a tennis ball on a court.
playing near dogs outside water. Two the	Two dogs playing outside near the water.
color one down and One mixed dog run a hill. black dog	One black dog and one mixed color dog run down a hill.
rock on Three posing climbers rocks. big are	Three rock climbers are posing on big rocks.
A formal in for dress picture. white smile and a man woman suit and a dark	A man and woman in a dark suit and formal white dress smile for a picture.
coat blue held is is a umbrella boy an his wearing father by under a who	a boy under an umbrella is held by his father who is wearing a blue coat
hand his snowboarder in a the on snowboard balancing the with air	a snowboarder balancing on his hand with the snowboard in the air
boats. group race A with of people	A group of people race with boats.
watch as sky. something lights People the up	People watch as something lights up the sky.
steps. a person skateboard A high riding above concrete the jumps	A person riding a skateboard jumps high above the concrete steps.
A snow standing water. near dog looking at	A dog standing near snow looking at water.
Dog running a dirt along path.	Dog running along a dirt path.
making red men wearing are their on gestures ribbons young Four wrists	Four young men wearing red ribbons on their wrists are making gestures
84 in a which heading People is bus to Peterson.	People in a bus which is heading to 84 Peterson.
A a and to a people bench. pool girl seated on swimming wearing boots stands four next	A girl wearing boots stands next to a swimming pool and four people seated on a bench.
another. one Two colored dogs dark fighting	Two dark colored dogs fighting one another.
playing the beach. in Girls volleyball bikinis on	Girls in bikinis playing volleyball on the beach.
a over on water. Four walk body of people a bridge	Four people walk on a bridge over a body of water.
field man The walks through bundles a carrying dead of birds.	The man walks through a field carrying bundles of dead birds.
a in stands, roadway. outstreched, arms boy shorts on A	A boy in shorts stands, arms outstreched, on a roadway.
hooding jeans tricks. a skateboarding with Man doing and	Man with jeans and a hooding doing skateboarding tricks.
woods. biker A speeds down a dirt the path in	A biker speeds down a dirt path in the woods.
girls Four pose crowd. of in a front	Four girls pose in front of a crowd.
white floor. Asian and on and a on a playing An girl boy with yellow black ball	An Asian girl and boy playing on with a yellow ball on a black and white floor.
in on man bench outfit a A white a	A man in a white outfit on a bench
their backs camera. Men wearing to turned with the sunglasses	Men wearing sunglasses with their backs turned to the camera.
lone bicyclist jumping a the in a ramp. air over	a lone bicyclist jumping in the air over a ramp.
player a to him. block basketball another attempts jumps while A shot for	A basketball player jumps for a shot while another attempts to block him.
the down A boy skateboards street.	A boy skateboards down the street.
by in rope. man bathing pulled a on A flowered a while being ski waterskies one suit	A man in a flowered bathing suit waterskies on one ski while being pulled by a rope.
a boy on another trampoline. jumps over A boy	A boy jumps over another boy on a trampoline.
a with boy young walks turkeys A road four down	A young boy walks down a road with four turkeys
another towards monkey on A is jumping a monkey rock. smooth	A monkey is jumping towards another monkey on a smooth rock.
shallow water. girl young plays in A	A young girl plays in shallow water.
licks down tan A dirt small and dog walks a nose. path his	A small tan dog walks down a dirt path and licks his nose.
has baby and food face. A his eats on	A baby eats and has food on his face.
around building in Three play an boys office fountain a courtyard.	Three boys play around a fountain in an office building courtyard.
basketball into the front court. young moves player The	The young basketball player moves into the front court.
kicks the into girl a air. little	a little girl kicks into the air.
a flip doing the in skier is snow. A	A skier is doing a flip in the snow.
two next Two a men the sitting doing same. bench on on to a street women	Two men sitting on a bench on a street next to two women doing the same.
fix Two yellow vests something. in workers try to	Two workers in yellow vests try to fix something.
busy A line on of street bikers a	A line of bikers on a busy street
in smiles. sunglasses A man	A man in sunglasses smiles.
a A by. family phone the on girl walk watching is	A family is watching a girl on the phone walk by.
caught red in explosion. A car an is	A red car is caught in an explosion.
pink A ribbon. girl a twirls in	A girl in pink twirls a ribbon.
carries man a in a city. A big baby	A man carries a baby in a big city.
in A costume young gather. smiles as woman a others	A young woman in a costume smiles as others gather.
belt wrestler in A a is a pushing bout. brown sumo with another wrestler	A sumo wrestler with a brown belt is pushing another wrestler in a bout.
to the side a and purple her. lot a sweater with of is looking people bag a A girl in shoulder behind	A girl in a purple sweater and a shoulder bag is looking to the side with a lot of people behind her.
sits suspended A an park. person by at chair in a chains amusement	A person sits in a chair suspended by chains at an amusement park.
A a and wearing jeans green walking, shirt woman	A woman walking, wearing a green shirt and jeans
a bathing pink suit swimming in pool. in A little a girl	A little girl in a pink bathing suit swimming in a pool.
water. A moves the waterskier through	A waterskier moves through the water.
Two on climbing that water. floating girls an device iceburg in is climb	Two girls climb on an iceburg climbing device that is floating in water.
Five the dogs through snow. pull a man on a sled	Five dogs pull a man on a sled through the snow.
in its red running the grass collar wearing across The ball is dog the mouth. a with	The dog wearing the red collar is running across the grass with a ball in its mouth.
A a bar. girl dark in sitting	A girl sitting in a dark bar.
on the Two christmas wearing grass. dogs, antlers, tussle one	Two dogs, one wearing christmas antlers, tussle on the grass.
and groomsmen. two a A beside stand four bridesmaids bride groom and	A bride and two bridesmaids stand beside a groom and four groomsmen.
young a in stroller a child a doll carrying	a young child carrying a doll in a stroller
splashing legs. boy and water in small A is his through sitting is up water the	A small boy is sitting in the water and water is splashing up through his legs.
in check with kissing both One and are the another man vests. shirts on black man white	One man kissing another man on the check and both are in white shirts with black vests.
uniform arts-style Boy martial in sword. a holding	Boy in martial arts-style uniform holding a sword.
A flags. a by man backed field american in	A man in a field backed by american flags.
dogs multicoloured Two fighting.	Two multicoloured dogs fighting.
car yellow car. racing a a race white	a white race car racing a yellow car.
into is the water. going man The	The man is going into the water.
grass. run Two the dogs over	Two dogs run over the grass.
the A his player bat baseball raises above head.	A baseball player raises the bat above his head.
A boy fence. climbing a little chain over	A little boy climbing over a chain fence.
near fountain. poses pyramid black a in Woman	Woman in black poses near a pyramid fountain.
at night. dogs racing Five	Five dogs racing at night.
with up a his and his skateboard. hands feet is ramp down on A boy a on	A boy is on a ramp with his hands down and his feet up on a skateboard.
building. plays soccer a field apartment near boy in A an	A boy plays soccer in a field near an apartment building.
marble A boy looks burnished reflection his in wall. a at little	A little boy looks at his reflection in a burnished marble wall.
on A mountains. man towards standing looking the is rocks	A man is standing on rocks looking towards the mountains.
lies dog chairs sitting grass in People while in	People sitting in chairs while dog lies in grass
area. dog a in jumps A wooded brown	A brown dog jumps in a wooded area.
while the in dog A woods. standing pants	A dog pants while standing in the woods.
Several person being on by rowing a while are drum a cheered boat with a people	Several people are rowing a boat while being cheered on by a person with a drum
how his high man can dog A jump. black demonstrating	A man demonstrating how high his black dog can jump.
air into football. catch the jumps player The football a to	The football player jumps into the air to catch a football.
a area stands A looking person down. in snowy	A person stands in a snowy area looking down.
at of skateboarder half-pipe top graffiti. covered a in the does turn a A	A skateboarder does a turn at the top of a half-pipe covered in graffiti.
and dog woman playing A a outside	A woman and a dog playing outside
snowy pond. in Two shovels a plastic play with kids	Two kids play with plastic shovels in a snowy pond.
A through busy walking a black hat a is city man street. wearing	A man wearing a black hat is walking through a busy city street.
a is pink young and a says, The walking A blue girl " in " the shirt up Rescue. sidewalk in that sign holding	A young girl in a blue shirt is walking in the sidewalk and holding up a pink sign that says, " The Rescue. "
in playing water children Adults are street. the and balloons with	Adults and children are playing with water balloons in the street.
Swimmer water. goggles, wearing in	Swimmer wearing goggles, in water.
jumps a snowboarder high.	a snowboarder jumps high.
brown is white of on The dog dog. small a big black top and	The big brown and black dog is on top of a small white dog.
lady pants note red The writing wearing pad. a with is shirt white and a on	The lady is wearing a white shirt with red pants and writing on a note pad.
the slide. a water A leaping onto air little boy is in	A little boy is leaping in the air onto a water slide.
woman shirt and a in shorts sits at table. tan A a blue	A woman in a blue shirt and tan shorts sits at a table.
wearing and a blue and black A standing color water. is over brown dog is	A black and brown dog is wearing a blue color and is standing over water.
One while below, is rock wall, a a rope. man holds man, climbing another	One man is climbing a rock wall, while another man, below, holds a rope.
a woman blue connected fabric A from dangles tree. a to	A woman dangles from a blue fabric connected to a tree.
small sits a in field A dog white	A small white dog sits in a field
field. dry camera while from a standing away look the coyotes group in A of	A group of coyotes look away from the camera while standing in a dry field.
for train. people a wait Several	Several people wait for a train.
fabric. brown tug Two of are and with white war a strip puppies of playing blue	Two brown and white puppies are playing tug of war with a blue strip of fabric.
the by as A hangs sky climber from is rock. rope he and another sillhouetted rocks against a	A climber is sillhouetted against the sky and rocks as he hangs by a rope from another rock.
lake. in a that is on artificial girls are an floating climbing climbing wall Two	Two girls are climbing on an artificial climbing wall that is floating in a lake.
hair with in hat old red white An man a	An old man with white hair in a red hat
catching ball. a A dog	A dog catching a ball.
dog person through it. the beckons while air small, black jumps a A	A small, black dog jumps through the air while a person beckons it.
the Man beach. standing dog and on	Man and dog standing on the beach.
speed in drive People water. the in rafts	People in speed rafts drive in the water.
wearing long and woman scarf a gown a behind red A holds white her.	A woman wearing a red and white gown holds a long scarf behind her.
clear of children pitchers. a by A sidewalk group on two	A group of children on a sidewalk by two clear pitchers.
a whilst is and tie blue wearing out shirt A white mask handing in papers. man a	A man in a blue shirt and tie is wearing a white mask whilst handing out papers.
holding baby and faces it. woman at A a making	A woman holding a baby and making faces at it.
sits child large a tree stump. of A on top	A child sits on top of a large tree stump.
man walks in an jacket black thorugh market. A Asian a	A man in a black jacket walks thorugh an Asian market.
a A riding in woman costume bike. a	A woman in a costume riding a bike.
red the pulled jacket in is be line holding water. wearing up life a to the a waiting waterskier	a waterskier wearing a red life jacket is holding the line waiting to be pulled up in the water.
outside with black a sitting to a dog and white on him. next sleeping man a bench	a man sleeping on a bench outside with a white and black dog sitting next to him.
feather and kimono. white Girl boa wears	Girl wears white feather boa and kimono.
An woman tables older female by another camera. flips turn stands the as off	An older woman stands by turn tables as another female flips off the camera.
is dog behind field grassy A big running the in with him. woods	A big dog is running in the grassy field with woods behind him.
Children on snow. are a trampoline the playing in	Children are playing on a trampoline in the snow.
boys Some while outside sports team in uniforms people watch. are playing	Some boys in team uniforms are outside playing sports while people watch.
girl and smiling. A brunette are blonde	A brunette and blonde girl are smiling.
A kneels naked on a the of shallow rocks woman stream.	A naked woman kneels on the rocks of a shallow stream.
group snowy a four through forest. A hiking of	A group of four hiking through a snowy forest.
brown blue together. The toy with are dogs playing a	The brown dogs are playing with a blue toy together.
down rides girl on forest path. A a horse a brown	A girl rides on a brown horse down a forest path.
jumps rural snowmobile area. Rider in high	Rider jumps snowmobile high in rural area.
restaurant dressed in A a a costume table dark sitting man at	A man dressed in a dark costume sitting at a restaurant table
dressed guitarists white perform. in Two	Two guitarists dressed in white perform.
a man by climbs snow A shore. covered over rocks	A man climbs over snow covered rocks by a shore.
in polka a dots girl pink looks horse. at A	A girl in pink polka dots looks at a horse.
a A jacket a in man bike blue riding	A man in a blue jacket riding a bike
lot in two blue boys parking shirts in a fighting	two boys in blue shirts fighting in a parking lot
one near are the Three woman touches a and men's people of the tree faces.	Three people are near a tree and the woman touches one of the men's faces.
off dog A water shaking	A dog shaking water off
swings plastic bat. boy A a	A boy swings a plastic bat.
the dog playing is A green ball. tan with	A tan dog is playing with the green ball.
and scarf the stands A near water wearing down. a looks woman	A woman wearing a scarf stands near the water and looks down.
A a waterfall. in and relaxing water woman near man shallow	A man and woman relaxing in shallow water near a waterfall.
large persons park. flying in a kites A amount of	A large amount of persons flying kites in a park.
play girls volleyball. four	four girls play volleyball.
splashes dog A greenish black through water.	A black dog splashes through greenish water.
folded. Men hats wearing arms stand with	Men wearing hats stand with arms folded.
light two one outdoors. dark are one dogs, running and The colored,	The two dogs, one dark and one light colored, are running outdoors.
motorcycle fast curve around a rider A a drives on track.	A motorcycle rider drives fast around a curve on a track.
are dressed costumes down are walking and animal Two street. people in a	Two people are dressed in animal costumes and are walking down a street.
meeting Two the dogs water's near edge	Two dogs meeting near the water's edge
newspaper. on cap a bench sits metal A shorts a a and man in reading	A man in a cap and shorts sits on a metal bench reading a newspaper.
standing a to formation. rock huge next man A	A man standing next to a huge rock formation.
sit on girl woman little a rock. and desert A	A woman and a little girl sit on desert rock.
is man the The walking aisle. down bride the	The man is walking the bride down the aisle.
brick jumping is kid little off A balcony. a	A little kid is jumping off a brick balcony.
jumps a man watches. from the another while in cliff A man water blue swimsuit into a	A man in a blue swimsuit jumps from a cliff into the water while another man watches.
skis their dog. person with A	A person skis with their dog.
sidewalk. aims a the walking a a person cellphone hat in and shirt him at A man on red toward	A man in a hat and red shirt aims a cellphone at a person walking toward him on the sidewalk.
crouched next man is drink. a sipping to building a A down	A man is crouched down next to a building sipping a drink.
front of a house. in grass the in Two children	Two children in the grass in front of a house.
Dog with big running. collar	Dog with big collar running.
on is water. black dog running A	A black dog is running on water.
and sitting bunch floors. children in A on standing chairs wooden of	A bunch of children sitting in chairs and standing on wooden floors.
in young playing leaves. is boy A	A young boy is playing in leaves.
People standing a of front train. in subway	People standing in front of a subway train.
while in dressed fence. woman is another and The drinking smiling man is black a elderly and standing near is man an	The man is dressed in black and smiling while another man is drinking and an elderly woman is standing near a fence.
A wolf snow. over the moves	A wolf moves over the snow.
jacket red wearing black is snowboarder and helmet. The a	The snowboarder is wearing a red jacket and black helmet.
rides wetsuit a boy surfboard. a blue blue A on wearing	A boy wearing a blue wetsuit rides on a blue surfboard.
with cup the plastic dress a woman other gesturing hand. while multi-colored a in holding is A	A woman in a multi-colored dress is holding a plastic cup while gesturing with the other hand.
show. outdoor dog lead dogs an black women at Two around	Two women lead black dogs around at an outdoor dog show.
climbs middle aged a woman mountain. a	a middle aged woman climbs a mountain.
through grass. run Two dogs the	Two dogs run through the grass.
off ground. covered ground is on feet in ground, dogs one dog snow blue jumping appears a black with the background, Two the the	Two black dogs on a snow covered ground, the ground appears blue in the background, one dog is jumping with feet off the ground.
girls dance floor. on Three wooden a	Three girls dance on a wooden floor.
in other young with people background. Young man a in headband	Young man in a headband with other young people in background.
lick dogs other's each shade and Two sit face. the in	Two dogs sit in the shade and lick each other's face.
to a is man the dog next jumps the while in The standing air. dog,	The man is standing next to a dog, while the dog jumps in the air.
running man track a	a man running track
and black is running dog white on the grass. The	The black and white dog is running on the grass.
Two each German at sheperds snarling other.	Two German sheperds snarling at each other.
upside A hangs on down kid monkey a playground. bars at the	A kid hangs upside down on the monkey bars at a playground.
child plays on floor. A the	A child plays on the floor.
three a surrounded young on baby, A holding couch by girls. man a sitting	A man sitting on a couch holding a baby, surrounded by three young girls.
in outdoor dog a cafe. an A woman sits with	A dog sits with a woman in an outdoor cafe.
swimming. is dog The	The dog is swimming.
the wall rock a to along waves. walk surfers Two reach	Two surfers walk along a rock wall to reach the waves.
boy runs dirty through the dirt. a	a dirty boy runs through the dirt.
mother. A puppy his young from suckles	A young puppy suckles from his mother.
the standing the are and The man bottom the boy outdoor at stairs. of	The man and the boy are standing at the bottom of the outdoor stairs.
dog with pond along elegant two A geese a the swimming. runs shore of	A dog runs along the shore of a pond with two elegant geese swimming.
bat baseball in orange Boy to hit getting ready yellow with ball shirt	Boy in yellow shirt getting ready to hit orange ball with baseball bat
look beach. the cliff near two over men	two men look over cliff near the beach.
ball on pink holds human a look the dogs a as Three beach.	Three dogs look as a human holds a pink ball on the beach.
A water on throwing pool a is child woman area. rural a a in swimming in plastic	A woman is throwing water on a child in a plastic swimming pool in a rural area.
of with a friend his picture man performers. A takes	A man takes a picture of his friend with performers.
hill, trees dogs gray, in running down grass Two speckled background.	Two gray, speckled dogs running down grass hill, trees in background.
drinking in club. people a of bar at bunch a a	a bunch of people drinking at a bar in a club.
front flag american in girls two of large	two girls in front of large american flag
running track. a men along young two	two young men running along a track.
a upside tire child horizontal down swing. in A	A child upside down in a horizontal tire swing.
a is and trying through to The cigarette. light snow the woman walking	The woman is walking through the snow and trying to light a cigarette.
jumping a person on A down hill skis.	A person jumping down a hill on skis.
The trying catch to is a Frisbee. dog	The dog is trying to catch a Frisbee.
sits sand. black in A dog	A black dog sits in sand.
in a field. A dog	A dog in a field.
a watercraft boat. younger behind Two being are people pulled on	Two younger people are being pulled on watercraft behind a boat.
through market. busy man riding motorcycle a a tiny A is	A man is riding a tiny motorcycle through a busy market.
catching the bubbles on Dog grass.	Dog catching bubbles on the grass.
number a A wearing race. four in the runs dog	A dog wearing the number four runs in a race.
a lake white on on A waterskiing a man ramp	A man on a white waterskiing ramp on a lake
A is tan dog and brown water. running through shallow	A brown and tan dog is running through shallow water.
an is bar soda many at sitting and A cans. beer outside near man	A man is sitting at an outside bar near many soda and beer cans.
night a skier trees jump. after flies taking bare past A	A skier flies past bare trees after taking a night jump.
dog with city. small men A walks the in	A small dog walks with men in the city.
people of the Crowd water. near	Crowd of people near the water.
the tennis ball. to A ready player with headband hit on a is green green	A tennis player with green a green headband on is ready to hit the ball.
beach man wave a a young the playing in at	a young man playing in a wave at the beach
a smiles A the woman in red camera. scarf for	A woman in a red scarf smiles for the camera.
laughing scarf. A woman a in	A laughing woman in a scarf.
window mannequins a A looks woman in at some display.	A woman looks at some mannequins in a window display.
Person green racing motorcycle. a riding	Person riding a green racing motorcycle.
and a gauges of small another background. plane people in vessel, the with flying The three	The gauges of a small flying vessel, with another plane and three people in the background.
a fallen dog tree. leaping over with The ears is big	The dog with big ears is leaping over a fallen tree.
girl little of dancing Closeup	Closeup of little girl dancing
cliff. hangs rope down he as safety A from large a climbs person a	A person hangs from a safety rope as he climbs down a large cliff.
through is man wheeler the a A flying on four air.	A man on a four wheeler is flying through the air.
dog retriever is competing A a in competition. golden	A golden retriever is competing in a dog competition.
a both dogs grabbing large black Frisbee. are brown Two	Two large brown dogs are both grabbing a black Frisbee.
some people. Bicycle racers on being by cheered	Bicycle racers being cheered on by some people.
his is wearing white thumb up. holding the elderly cap man The	The elderly man wearing the white cap is holding his thumb up.
black young A lollipop. and wearing girl holds onto has the boots fence a	A young girl wearing black boots holds onto the fence and has a lollipop.
group a two females in in white goats. are suits of zoo petting A with	A group of females in white suits are in a petting zoo with two goats.
A tricks doing bicycle. with man his	A man doing tricks with his bicycle.
pool a diving board. A dog runs out onto swimming	A dog runs out onto a swimming pool diving board.
pool swimming backyard looks play a woman Two at family's little on. their while girls	Two little girls play at their family's backyard swimming pool while a woman looks on.
water. walks wearing boy shorts, the white through a	a boy wearing white shorts, walks through the water.
men Three are playing basketball.	Three men are playing basketball.
Two wall. kids climb rock a	Two kids climb a rock wall.
being man a race. Eldery after interviewed	Eldery man being interviewed after a race.
large white water. is trying some out a biting stick and pull A of Pug dog to	A white Pug dog is biting and trying to pull a large stick out of some water.
group people and use A a against of sit electronics. building	A group of people sit against a building and use electronics.
a run dog white watching little large the A dog black in snow.	A large white dog watching a little black dog run in the snow.
front woman girl in sitting A on fence a waterfall. of with is a a	A woman is sitting with a girl on a fence in front of a waterfall.
midair scene. skier a A clothes wintry colorful in in	A skier in colorful clothes midair in a wintry scene.
man a picture. drinks women holding and for Three a pose	Three women and a man holding drinks pose for a picture.
dog its mouth running with something in A	A dog running with something in its mouth
person a A riding unicycle. large	A person riding a large unicycle.
A running collar across beach. dog the black wearing a	A black dog wearing a collar running across the beach.
using man a work is in uniform the hose. water The	The man in the work uniform is using a water hose.
other background people standing people each coats three with in the near wearing other	three people standing near each other wearing coats with other people in the background
a a pool. on A raft child in pink	A child on a pink raft in a pool.
at A man his bike jumps dirt night.	A man jumps his dirt bike at night.
is opponent. A unseen swordfighting woman with an	A woman is swordfighting with an unseen opponent.
the children edge river, a holding of at standing Two butterfly-catcher. a	Two children standing at the edge of a river, holding a butterfly-catcher.
yellow in The midair. in motorcycle racer is a uniform	The motorcycle racer in a yellow uniform is in midair.
and paint children smiling. wearing face are Three	Three children are wearing face paint and smiling.
bike. his rider jumping is The BMX	The rider is jumping his BMX bike.
Woman with display. animal stuffed	Woman with stuffed animal display.
watch. though an wet whilst is two other mud african by man people dragged cows being	an african man is being dragged though wet mud by two cows whilst other people watch.
a shirt wall. is and on red black sitting lady striped A in a retaining	A lady in a red and black striped shirt is sitting on a retaining wall.
in outfits Women low multi-colored are a stage. on light performing	Women in multi-colored outfits are performing on a low light stage.
little A a boy stroller with pushing the a woman baby ahead. at beach, a man	A man pushing a baby stroller at the beach, a woman with a little boy ahead.
couple holding are A in restaurant hands. a	A couple in a restaurant are holding hands.
hoop hula and a colourfully woman A crowd. dressed in painted a working	A colourfully dressed and painted woman working a hula hoop in a crowd.
shore Surfer in crashing wave, background. through visible partially	Surfer partially visible through crashing wave, shore in background.
brown chasing dog yellow is ball. a A after	A brown dog is chasing after a yellow ball.
through grass path down of runs dry and dogs A a bushes. group	A group of dogs runs down a path through dry grass and bushes.
a laid them. with square bricks on out between rug in re Two wooden some laying children a	Two children re laying on a rug with some wooden bricks laid out in a square between them.
speaking A Armenian woman event at an Genocide	A woman speaking at an Armenian Genocide event
case. woman two glass a looking into	two woman looking into a glass case.
A white tattooed and a guitar playing man black singing. in	A tattooed man in black playing a white guitar and singing.
white Two day. dogs a sunny on outside	Two white dogs outside on a sunny day.
younger down, is Two the older drinking. is the women, looking one	Two women, the younger one is looking down, the older is drinking.
smiling the runs A in dog grass.	A smiling dog runs in the grass.
dogs run field. snowy through A the group of	A group of dogs run through the snowy field.
are outside. children together playing Four	Four children are playing together outside.
a woman a a and posts Kid man video hold by walks camera sign young while	Kid posts sign while a woman walks by and a young man hold a video camera
sunglasses and wearing woman picture. posing for Man	Man and woman wearing sunglasses posing for picture.
stands outstretched. A rail on with arms boy his a	A boy stands on a rail with his arms outstretched.
down sidewalk. pink floral girl wearing a walks young the A outfit	A young girl wearing a pink floral outfit walks down the sidewalk.
race runs boy while in onlookers a A watch.	A boy runs in a race while onlookers watch.
trees. a people in large past way Two boat paddle their	Two people in a boat paddle their way past large trees.
down a runs dog road. dirt A	A dog runs down a dirt road.
balancing arm. colored knife a on shirt man bright the is The his in	The man in the bright colored shirt is balancing a knife on his arm.
red A in trunks volleyball. man playing swim	A man in red swim trunks playing volleyball.
greyish A running dog in the snow.	A greyish dog running in the snow.
and purple afghan. a rainbow in girl is gold A holding	A girl in gold and purple is holding a rainbow afghan.
purple signs one women, Two advertizing hugs. with hair, free holding	Two women, one with purple hair, holding signs advertizing free hugs.
dog one the and One brown water. running and in dog black white are	One black dog and one brown and white dog are running in the water.
rock hanging of two while from man catch him. edge the others a is A	A man is hanging from the edge of a rock while two others catch him.
surrounding him. man mountain of mountains a A on top at the looks	A man on top of a mountain looks at the mountains surrounding him.
dog rushes and a white grass surrounded dirt down A trees. path by	A white dog rushes down a dirt path surrounded by grass and trees.
A police is lighting officer a cigarette.	A police officer is lighting a cigarette.
water is on beach. through running a This dog	This dog is running through water on a beach.
are Several people some sand. dancing in	Several people are dancing in some sand.
A all over food mouth. with baby its	A baby with food all over its mouth.
a man woman a and posing picture. for a	a man and a woman posing for a picture.
running water. Two dogs through brown	Two brown dogs running through water.
them the a brown are black on the water boats in the A in a wave edge ocean of dog under the background. dog with and a	A brown a dog and a black dog in the edge of the ocean with a wave under them boats are on the water in the background.
in stands Man tennis outside against racket dark. with wall	Man stands outside against wall with tennis racket in dark.
a over Three the race towards dogs lawn. viewer	Three dogs race towards the viewer over a lawn.
the A dribbles a player ball during game. basketball	A basketball player dribbles the ball during a game.
for tennis moving a shot. A player	A tennis player moving for a shot.
smiling yellow open child and in with life An a poses man. a goggles mouthed vest	An open mouthed child in goggles and a yellow life vest poses with a smiling man.
up holding pro-America a A pregnant sign. protester	A pregnant protester holding up a pro-America sign.
on waiting Five sitting benches for people bus. are the	Five people are sitting on benches waiting for the bus.
cup. a holding paper wearing hat a A white black man is suit and	A black man wearing a white suit and hat is holding a paper cup.
air A the flies trees. front through pelican in of	A pelican flies through the air in front of trees.
bushes, siluettes of clouds. Dark people,	Dark bushes, siluettes of people, clouds.
on rides a biker A racetrack motorcycle a	A biker rides a motorcycle on a racetrack
crying baby floor is of a A on rink. woman busy a ice holding the	A woman is holding a crying baby on the floor of a busy ice rink.
A little group indoor boys of playing soccer.	A group of little boys playing indoor soccer.
in shirt a bright a hand saffron the in bearded A pink a shirt. of man man shakes	A man in a bright pink shirt shakes the hand of a bearded man in a saffron shirt.
running yellow black dog A cones. through	A black dog running through yellow cones.
a in girl grassy A another background. little girl the dances field, is in	A little girl dances in a grassy field, another girl is in the background.
A steep from a below. scales rock look as face man on people	A man scales a steep rock face as people look on from below.
a A woman with in a striped dress toddler	A woman with a toddler in a striped dress
wedding removing Man garter during	Man removing garter during wedding
men a Two standing studio. are in recording	Two men are standing in a recording studio.
man wall. rock A red is shirt the a up wearing climbing	A man wearing a red shirt is climbing up the rock wall.
a A child bicycle. is in red riding	A child in red is riding a bicycle.
on is course. pet his alongside dog pet avoids while a running obstacles A owner the	A dog owner is running alongside his pet while the pet avoids obstacles on a course.
his in blue is man picture to posing next The the a car. for	The man in the blue is posing for a picture next to his car.
his hands boy small the on step A is a in kneeling air. with	A small boy is kneeling on a step with his hands in the air.
children Some outside. hockey play	Some children play hockey outside.
out. skating arms knit with cap board, jumps and in flung up jeans boy A t-shirt, his	A boy in t-shirt, jeans and knit cap jumps up with his skating board, arms flung out.
two wearing are busy men of people and A street shirts. no	A busy street of people and two men are wearing no shirts.
snowy a Skiiers on mountain.	Skiiers on a snowy mountain.
little into shovel sand from boy a pours A pail. a	A little boy pours sand from a shovel into a pail.
the and a posing dimond white front A in pretty a a of crown, wearing beach. girl necklace, dress,	A pretty girl wearing a white dress, a dimond necklace, and a crown, posing in front of the beach.
on a Two playing dogs beach.	Two dogs playing on a beach.
limousine in people the with a on A of of building buildings marble black a front crowd steps.	A black limousine in front of a marble building with a crowd of people on the buildings steps.
shopping shopping near a bag fiddles outside a man A cart. with	A man fiddles with a shopping bag outside near a shopping cart.
A its snow dog the mouth. runs through a stick in with	A dog runs through the snow with a stick in its mouth.
in leaning white in orange an collar. a shirt man is A dog brown over a	A man in a white shirt is leaning over a brown dog in an orange collar.
A digs sand. dog with collar brown a brown	A brown dog with a brown collar digs sand.
small a to begins setting. crowd A march downtown in	A crowd begins to march in a small downtown setting.
dog. Children stand the a in uniforms road in with	Children in uniforms stand in the road with a dog.
dogs run along beach. a Two	Two dogs run along a beach.
the to from men team. orange through score opposing trying Basketball three player in	Basketball player in orange trying to score through three men from the opposing team.
water. a the in bird dog chases a	a dog chases a bird in the water.
boxy at church a group A trees, sunset. of A building,	A boxy building, A group of trees, a church at sunset.
and ball. flip plays flops Buy soccer with shorts in orange	Buy in orange shorts and flip flops plays with soccer ball.
and mountains person A terrain fog along is the background. in with hiking rough	A person is hiking along rough terrain with fog and mountains in the background.
to giving posing Three by the camera. wall a brick signs people	Three people posing by a brick wall giving signs to the camera.
boy is in black A jumping.	A boy in black is jumping.
lens with camera A very takes picture. woman a with long a a	A woman with a camera with a very long lens takes a picture.
wearing bandanna her dust. to The protect lady her is face a from around	The lady is wearing a bandanna around her face to protect her from dust.
A a on its dirt covered a area. small walking mouth dog ball soccer in with	A small dog with a soccer ball in its mouth walking on a dirt covered area.
a The of window with an camera out looking open is man	The man is with a camera looking out of an open window
street. There of the costumes in large is a gathering on outside people	There is a large gathering of people in costumes outside on the street.
on A hanging sun ropes. in hat girl yellow is a	A girl in a yellow sun hat is hanging on ropes.
throwing for game A balloons dart to the prizes. bust	A dart throwing game to bust the balloons for prizes.
a rocky of hill. on man his side bike the A rides	A man rides his bike on the side of a rocky hill.
ocean. swimming Two in white the dogs	Two white dogs swimming in the ocean.
" ahead the 5 with dog " dog with jersey surges jersey. racing " the of the 4 " The	The racing dog with the " 4 " jersey surges ahead of the dog with the " 5 " jersey.
Two fixing costume. men drag queen's	Two men fixing drag queen's costume.
swing together large a of A in basket. swing kids shaped a like bunch	A bunch of kids swing together in a large swing shaped like a basket.
Kids on play a soccer field.	Kids play soccer on a field.
rodeo. wrangles in a a calf A cowboy	A cowboy wrangles a calf in a rodeo.
a navy is posing girl A on in blue railing. little	A little girl in navy blue is posing on a railing.
a water. in dog standing white catches shallow A green ball while	A white dog catches a green ball while standing in shallow water.
boy through splashing the ocean. A	A boy splashing through the ocean.
dressed white holds his ball. Man tennis up racket for and in the black waiting	Man dressed in black and white holds his tennis racket up waiting for the ball.
hike the bluff. The along couple takes a	The couple takes a hike along the bluff.
picture, wearing skull a of mask. bikers one a is Two pose which for	Two bikers pose for a picture, one of which is wearing a skull mask.
boat a Beautiful lake. on scenery the with	Beautiful scenery with a boat on the lake.
playing and green, on red is turning white with spinning the child that toy ground. a a	a child is playing with a green, white and red spinning toy that turning on the ground.
a A near pond. girl country idyllic little down an path skips	A little girl skips down a path near an idyllic country pond.
a blue running with A field. ball in dog a	A dog with a blue ball running in a field.
dog field. a A in fetches ball a	A dog fetches a ball in a field.
a is bag A bridge. slat person wooden across a shoulder shaky walking with	A person with a shoulder bag is walking across a shaky wooden slat bridge.
play in babies a are mat. Two sitting	Two babies are sitting in a play mat.
elderly white a is person a reading with book. paperback hat An	An elderly person with a white hat is reading a paperback book.
trick is wakeboarder the A doing a in water. jumping	A wakeboarder is doing a jumping trick in the water.
waterskiing the near a through dock. man air A	A man waterskiing through the air near a dock.
sits a snowbank. front A dog of brown alone in	A brown dog sits alone in front of a snowbank.
young park. people Two at	Two young people at park.
dollar that with cash. overflowing Lucky holding " " dollar a glasses, A woman suitcase says sign with wearing stands that bill, is a	A woman wearing dollar sign glasses, holding a dollar bill, stands with a suitcase that says " Lucky " that is overflowing with cash.
bike. The blue man is in the helmet on a	The man in the blue helmet is on a bike.
on rocky A white lawn. dog a sits	A white dog sits on a rocky lawn.
a are with the male A ocean the railing female in and background against looking off leaning	A male and a female are leaning against railing looking off with the ocean in the background
rock climbing a down upside Someone	Someone climbing a rock upside down
people front at station. group a A his singing of of in DJ	A group of people singing in front of a DJ at his station.
give girls a outdoors waiter. Two at to table the sit and order their	Two girls sit at a table outdoors and give their order to the waiter.
field. white A small girl in pink top stands and a skinned a soccer on jeans	A small white skinned girl in a pink top and jeans stands on a soccer field.
A child everywhere. playing the splashing on water is beach	A child is playing on the beach splashing water everywhere.
red and black wearing while outfit. his Number 97 races motorcycle his	Number 97 races his motorcycle while wearing his black and red outfit.
his a bike is blue in park. riding skate in boy A	A boy in blue is riding his bike in a skate park.
a sidewalk. wheelchair in A is a on person	A person in a wheelchair is on a sidewalk.
lion. in of a Men statue front standing a of	Men standing in front of a statue of a lion.
has yellow shirt hair wearing face a A and man yellow clown red makeup with and nose is and black a on.	A man with black hair is wearing a red and yellow shirt and has a yellow clown nose and face makeup on.
the ride to Four of horses edge the people water.	Four people ride horses to the edge of the water.
to move make team being the a getting ready A blocked. on the while ball man Miami basketball holds	A man on the Miami basketball team holds the ball getting ready to make a move while being blocked.
on chases a something behind brown threw A dog man him beach. the	A brown dog chases something a man behind him threw on the beach.
is shaking A water. off dog	A dog is shaking off water.
front crowd the in Two of watching people them.	Two people watching the crowd in front of them.
Three on grass. the children sit	Three children sit on the grass.
and run Three splashes. make the near dogs the water through rocks	Three dogs run through the water near the rocks and make splashes.
of holds another her breath door. blue dances man front in fish A as a	A man dances as another holds her breath in front of a blue fish door.
mud. riding in boys their dirt bikes the Two	Two boys riding their dirt bikes in the mud.
women A night. street of at a group walk down	A group of women walk down a street at night.
object in metal Old missing hand. stands teeth woman with	Old woman missing teeth stands with metal object in hand.
all the where have race dog dogs mussels. 5 A	A 5 dog race where all the dogs have mussels.
dog ball through A chases dirt. a	A dog chases a ball through dirt.
is water watching. dog A a while pool jumping spectators are of into distance	A dog is distance jumping into a pool of water while spectators are watching.
religious festival. A street by surrounded a float is people at	A religious float is surrounded by people at a street festival.
white running Two are on the dogs grass.	Two white dogs are running on the grass.
leans A young wearing speak with a child. a backpack to down woman	A woman wearing a backpack leans down to speak with a young child.
umbrella. Japanese a on A balances man ball a	A man balances a ball on a Japanese umbrella.
standing feet Two the men sculpture. of a large at	Two men standing at the feet of a large sculpture.
toward surfers wave surfer background. other Distant rides in two shore,	Distant surfer rides wave toward shore, two other surfers in background.
an asian front brick window in surprised looking a girl of	an asian girl looking surprised in front of a brick window
woman by dog and some trees. a A in are kayak riding a passing	A woman and a dog are riding in a kayak passing by some trees.
women Costumed perform outdoors.	Costumed women perform outdoors.
on running snowboard A a snow covered with surface. a child	A child running with a snowboard on a snow covered surface.
white A shaking off. dog water brown	A brown white dog shaking water off.
leash yellow wearing is jacket. on a a dog white a	a white dog on a leash is wearing a yellow jacket.
white a and small wearing a A leash on a stick. large shirt black carrying dog	A small black and white dog on a leash wearing a shirt carrying a large stick.
microphone hair a someone in while A a on with brown background. table lady speaks the at sitting	A lady with brown hair sitting at a table while someone speaks on a microphone in the background.
by dining person Two with a mouths chair. open sat room dogs in their waiting are a	Two dogs are waiting with their mouths open by a person sat in a dining room chair.
of crowd. performing a in performer front A is female and barefoot	A female performer is barefoot and performing in front of a crowd.
on. runs dune down looks blond another sand child while a A	A blond child runs down a sand dune while another looks on.
a red bent a jumping over in over young girl is children A child game. for '	A young girl in red is jumping over a bent over child for a children ' game.
the grass. other each Two gray at over tall jump dogs	Two gray dogs jump at each other over the tall grass.
race a driving are racers on course. Two motorcycle	Two motorcycle racers are driving on a race course.
is through grassy a The brownish running area. dog large,	The large, brownish dog is running through a grassy area.
is sliding slide. a A 'n' down small slip child	A small child is sliding down a slip 'n' slide.
Football avoiding a fumble. players	Football players avoiding a fumble.
A two brown at staring black dog lambs. is and white	A black and white dog is staring at two brown lambs.
child A hose. with a little playing in water	A little child playing in water with a hose.
play in the dogs Two surf.	Two dogs play in the surf.
very fast. Little running boy	Little boy running very fast.
racer track. speeds motorcycle a A down	A motorcycle racer speeds down a track.
with street words The in by a white on white stands dress little it. a written girl	The little girl in a white dress stands by a street with white words written on it.
pants, on in dark a red jacket, snowboard. Person	Person in red jacket, dark pants, on a snowboard.
store jacket of in outside A money a his standing is man some a front holding green in face.	A man in a green jacket is standing outside a store holding some money in front of his face.
mountain. snowy man A climbing a	A man climbing a snowy mountain.
goat holding his The baby boy a is wearing top the blue arms. in hooded	The boy wearing the blue hooded top is holding a baby goat in his arms.
baby Three in of a store. people and front carriage a	Three people and a baby carriage in front of a store.
iPod, looks to listening man maps. at his the subway a	a man listening to his iPod, looks at the subway maps.
stone with a red riding a backpack brick yellow man is bicycle wearing raincoat and wall. a past a	a man with a backpack wearing a yellow raincoat is riding a bicycle past red brick and stone wall.
demonstrate an female Two artists for martial a audience. kick	Two female martial artists demonstrate a kick for an audience.
is poses The hiker beautiful the photo a mountains. for	The hiker poses for a photo is the beautiful mountains.
edge of two sits A a behind on the him. man fishing wooden poles with bench	A man sits on the edge of a wooden bench with two fishing poles behind him.
ball. white hill a with The are on a giant men	The men are on a hill with a giant white ball.
in an group the umbrella. A laying of people are under grass	A group of people are laying in the grass under an umbrella.
A air swings the kid forest. with feet his a in up in	A kid swings with his feet up in the air in a forest.
musician box. the cardboard perfoms older street An a on behind	An older musician perfoms on the street behind a cardboard box.
ice crowd A people of outdoors. skating large	A large crowd of people ice skating outdoors.
in a young vest. wearing life pool A a child	A young child in a pool wearing a life vest.
and dogs ball. red The pink the fight over	The dogs fight over the red and pink ball.
jump. over dog a and A leaps blue red	A dog leaps over a red and blue jump.
large man is surfing the A ocean. wave a in	A man is surfing a large wave in the ocean.
are people horses. The racing	The people are racing horses.
on A tow-headed merry-go-round. the at boy children's looks	A tow-headed boy looks on at the children's merry-go-round.
A outside. in plays red hockey boy uniform a	A boy in a red uniform plays hockey outside.
guys are horse Two shoe together. playing	Two guys are playing horse shoe together.
is with ball. A field through low-cut running a dog a	A dog is running through a low-cut field with a ball.
are lacrosse running players sports-field. on Two the	Two lacrosse players are running on the sports-field.
park a skateboarding which skateboarding man is covered in A at graffiti.	A man skateboarding at a skateboarding park which is covered in graffiti.
hands. a a wall climbs had man his purple with rocky in A	A man in a purple had climbs a rocky wall with his hands.
around track. on a race Jockeys horses	Jockeys on horses race around a track.
a rock beside A waterfall. sitting person a on	A person sitting on a rock beside a waterfall.
man a of of a front stand and and white pile officers garbage Turbaned in two canopy police bags	Turbaned man and two police officers stand in front of a white canopy and a pile of garbage bags
a chain a helment white linked crossing woman a long wearing bridge	a long woman wearing a white helment crossing a chain linked bridge
a Two asian girls event sporting for cheerleading	Two asian girls cheerleading for a sporting event
athlete by several carried is The injured being people.	The injured athlete is being carried by several people.
being a to flying lifted high up ball. catch Team members	Team members being lifted up high to catch a flying ball.
boy running toy on with boy on and is One a wheels another pushing little it.	One boy is running and pushing another little boy on a toy with wheels on it.
dogs of leashes and the is jumping. guys on have one Two dogs	Two guys have dogs on leashes and one of the dogs is jumping.
team taking shot. players, A player of hockey with a one	A team of hockey players, with one player taking a shot.
running fluffy, dog a down A the in road tri-colored paper mouth. with its is	A fluffy, tri-colored dog is running down the road with a paper in its mouth.
women their Two to for be very and close pose picture sit taken.	Two women sit very close and pose for their picture to be taken.
are children on a faces purple bench. pulling Three	Three children are pulling faces on a purple bench.
in people are mountains the backround. front jogging on with a blue wearing in Two sidewalk a lake of	Two people wearing blue are jogging on a sidewalk in front of a lake with mountains in the backround.
A a racer riding motorcycle yellow motorcycle.	A motorcycle racer riding a yellow motorcycle.
in water. are splashing some people Three and surfing	Three people are surfing and splashing in some water.
dancing. and boy a woman A little	A little boy and a woman dancing.
man A barrel skateboarding. jumping while a	A man jumping a barrel while skateboarding.
dogs. Two black	Two black dogs.
A metal on wearing a a and halo, by. black is others bike walk female wings, while	A female on a bike is wearing black wings, and a metal halo, while others walk by.
people at talking. stand night outside A group of	A group of people stand outside at night talking.
black dog a to A brown dog mate trying with	A black dog trying to mate with a brown dog
camera. child A tan-skinned the at looking	A tan-skinned child looking at the camera.
A with a motorcycle a on man rides dog	A man on a motorcycle rides with a dog
sign. people towards stop Two riding bike a a riding are	Two people riding a bike are riding towards a stop sign.
cheerleading an a front performing squad audience in of	a cheerleading squad performing in front of an audience
the helping into swing. adult The the child is	The adult is helping the child into the swing.
wearing wall backpack blue tarp beside and a girl a purse. A a	A girl beside a blue tarp wall wearing a backpack and a purse.
grassy in runs dog a field. A	A dog runs in a grassy field.
in is snow a mountaintop distance, seen the black against On white a climber figure	On a mountaintop a climber is seen in the distance, black figure against white snow
through group of A people the walk desert.	A group of people walk through the desert.
surfing A a on man is in green a wetsuit surfboard.	A man in a wetsuit is surfing on a green surfboard.
the skateboarder A off jumps stairs.	A skateboarder jumps off the stairs.
a riding horse. cowgirl a barrel A corners	A cowgirl corners a barrel riding a horse.
boy man ride young a A and in yellow kayak.	A man and young boy ride in a yellow kayak.
tank a A in toys. playing young child is water with	A young child is playing in a water tank with toys.
dirt sunny on on a Two course compete day. bikers off-road a	Two off-road bikers compete on a dirt course on a sunny day.
water up comes the swimmer surface for the of above A air.	A swimmer comes up above the surface of the water for air.
side. dogs by Two brown run side	Two brown dogs run side by side.
as a the top young girl to stands ladder person begins climb. A at a of	A person stands at the top of a ladder as a young girl begins to climb.
are the beach. on football Boys throwing a	Boys are throwing a football on the beach.
dog by ball running. and the black is soccer a dog The brown is	The black dog is by a soccer ball and the brown dog is running.
of boys snowy race young A group a day. on	A group of young boys race on a snowy day.
with the boy leaping goal. a basketball, A for	A boy with a basketball, leaping for the goal.
are down. upside Two shown children	Two children are shown upside down.
of snowboarder a leaping platform. is wooden A	A snowboarder is leaping of a wooden platform.
boy blue visor swings young wearing bat. A a a	A young boy wearing a blue visor swings a bat.
A field. dog a across grassy sprints	A dog sprints across a grassy field.
chewing A dog a on is brown stick.	A brown dog is chewing on a stick.
a and a wearing black sitting a white on staircase shirt man pants	a man wearing a white shirt and black pants sitting on a staircase
a is on a ramp skateboard. on A person	A person is on a ramp on a skateboard.
red man. shirt hat with stares man A and at another black	A man with red shirt and black hat stares at another man.
fence. blue jeans hopping railing is the a over blue man and on the The young wearing sweatshirt	The young man wearing a blue sweatshirt and blue jeans is hopping over the railing on the fence.
huge red ball of holds a boy snow. A in coat a	A boy in a red coat holds a huge ball of snow.
a is a boy in blue off the rocks top some jumping woods. in	a boy in a blue top is jumping off some rocks in the woods.
runs green A man lawn on shoeless	A man runs shoeless on green lawn
A a into playing microphone. sings guitar man	A man playing guitar sings into a microphone.
spectators a A race. at line of	A line of spectators at a race.
hay bales surrounded little Halloween kisses a A on by while little boy decorations. girl sitting	A little boy kisses a little girl while sitting on hay bales surrounded by Halloween decorations.
a small hat. clothes wearing The child winter is and	The small child is wearing winter clothes and a hat.
is a rider biking wearing the snow in jacket. The red and	The rider is biking in the snow and wearing a red jacket.
are children playing basketball game Several court. a basketball on a	Several children are playing a basketball game on a basketball court.
playing man A baseball. is	A man is playing baseball.
outside in Young man coat warm storefront.	Young man in warm coat outside storefront.
in little cartwheel girls ocean. three the	three little girls cartwheel in the ocean.
jumping pajamas A grey boy is couch. on in the	A boy in grey pajamas is jumping on the couch.
with grass. dog air all A fours clover-filled above the the in up	A dog with all fours up in the air above the clover-filled grass.
cliff. A sleeves woman backpacking and sunglasses is mountain a wearing snowy up short	A woman wearing short sleeves and sunglasses is backpacking up a snowy mountain cliff.
the duck in Mallard out water. swimming	Mallard duck swimming out in the water.
Brown biting pole puppy	Brown puppy biting pole
and bicycle yellow white jacket while a black cyclist helmet. his A wearing rides	A cyclist rides his black bicycle while wearing a yellow jacket and white helmet.
tackle dodges his football from player a opponent. A	A football player dodges a tackle from his opponent.
the of young the athlete swimming portion The completes race.	The young athlete completes the swimming portion of the race.
a a men playing stick sport two carrying each competition	two men each carrying a stick playing a sport competition
stand to the Two snowy look on skis right. to a mountain men and	Two men stand on skis and look to a snowy mountain to the right.
a to sidewalk a the girl A on rope jumping with left. parking garage	A girl jumping rope on a sidewalk with a parking garage to the left.
man woman. across a running towards grass A the	A man running across the grass towards a woman.
a the Football in players referee tackle the foreground. making with	Football players making a tackle with the referee in the foreground.
Two play outside girls with chalk.	Two girls play outside with chalk.
Asian Two in chairs. woman sit Asian and men black massage	Two Asian men and Asian woman sit in black massage chairs.
little he in smiles a toy. inflatable large stands A as boy	A little boy smiles as he stands in a large inflatable toy.
of A look crowd a frame, picture. at out takes something man one people of	A crowd of people look at something out of frame, one man takes a picture.
blow-up in A small pool behind young a splashing boy a green slide with him.	A young boy splashing in a small blow-up pool with a green slide behind him.
hair red the child young The bounced with trampoline. on	The young child with red hair bounced on the trampoline.
track a on bmx Two riders racing	Two bmx riders racing on a track
A attempts the move. dog to in snow up its belly to	A dog up to its belly in the snow attempts to move.
is shirt man A on a rock without climbing.	A man without a shirt on is rock climbing.
a into shirt on leaves. a pile rolling cart Young of boy in green	Young boy in green shirt rolling on a cart into a pile of leaves.
the play samoyads two in snow.	two samoyads play in the snow.
paddling brown dog the is in The water. large	The large brown dog is paddling in the water.
outdoors. men talk Two	Two men talk outdoors.
nose, man wearing cigars. ) woman and a moustache with ( eyebrows, glasses and and costume holding A attached	A man and a woman wearing costume glasses ( with attached eyebrows, nose, and moustache ) and holding cigars.
running the on man grass. A barefoot	A man running barefoot on the grass.
in A food making sits a eats girl chair while red a and high young mess.	A young girl sits in a high chair and eats red food while making a mess.
its Frisbee mouth. in A in a jumps catching dog the air,	A dog jumps in the air, catching a Frisbee in its mouth.
horses watching fire. a and Two two people	Two people and two horses watching a fire.
is metal dog pole. a A chewing on	A dog is chewing on a metal pole.
through grass. lean dog A green runs	A lean dog runs through green grass.
jacket a bar. in girl to holding a on little sweatshirt A	A little girl in a sweatshirt jacket holding on to a bar.
girl A sandy a in area.	A girl in a sandy area.
a nose to a a is wearing pink nose with A white shirt collar. dog black wearing zepra dog print	A white dog wearing a zepra print shirt is nose to nose with a black dog wearing a pink collar.
a a grass jumping around different dogs house colored the behind few in	a few different colored dogs jumping around in the grass behind a house
Two fight dogs playfully brown in the snow.	Two brown dogs playfully fight in the snow.
just The smoke. the and are flames firefighters under	The firefighters are just under the flames and smoke.
and man a bicycle. riding backpack helmet A a wearing	A man wearing a backpack and helmet riding a bicycle.
dalmation the along a beach. runs	a dalmation runs along the beach.
a surfer jumps the paddles wave to A as wave. one	A surfer jumps a wave as one paddles to the wave.
a teeth dog tan bears snow white the in A its	A tan a white dog bears its teeth in the snow
the on The boy young jumping belly. pool his into is	The young boy is jumping into the pool on his belly.
pointing and a at A holding woman brown a dog a field green is white dog. in standing	A woman is standing in a green field holding a white dog and pointing at a brown dog.
two other with each playing dogs	two dogs playing with each other
a wooden a on wearing man A backpack pole leaning hiking is	A man wearing a hiking backpack is leaning on a wooden pole
a men railing. Two smoking behind	Two men smoking behind a railing.
skateboarder jump. a midair while in A doing	A skateboarder in midair while doing a jump.
and Asian walking sidewalk couple smiling on	Asian couple walking on sidewalk and smiling
playground. toddler from look Two onward boys the	Two toddler boys look onward from the playground.
in shorts basket. a is little to the going shoot boy The red	The little boy in the red shorts is going to shoot a basket.
a laugh the white as ground one holding men Three falls ball. to	Three men laugh as one falls to the ground holding a white ball.
People standing are a in field.	People are standing in a field.
covered mud. with painted woman is in her face A topless	A topless woman with her face painted is covered in mud.
orange life in men in an water the through speed jackets motorboat. Two	Two men in life jackets speed through the water in an orange motorboat.
white grass. dog green is A the walks across that muddy	A white dog that is muddy walks across the green grass.
girl car. police white the to driveway next a with large, a little playing in is A poodle	A little girl is playing with a large, white poodle in the driveway next to a police car.
People seats. in sitting of rows	People sitting in rows of seats.
a rocky big dog black fur A shore. runs of in the surf fluffy with	A big black dog with fluffy fur runs in the surf of a rocky shore.
wearing Two setting hot a white figures in snowy towards mountain. gazing and stand a outfits, pink	Two figures stand in a snowy setting wearing white and hot pink outfits, gazing towards a mountain.
in blanket the a woman two kids floor. hut sit on straw a blue A with and	A woman and two kids sit in a straw hut with a blue blanket on the floor.
A parasails choppy water. the in man	A man parasails in the choppy water.
ball. bat A a at blue boy young jacket a a swings in	A young boy in a blue jacket swings a bat at a ball.
on soccer playing pavement. the Four guys	Four guys playing soccer on the pavement.
reaches A basketball watches. a dunking audience man an toward while	A man reaches toward dunking a basketball while an audience watches.
a people walking are mountain. Two up	Two people are walking up a mountain.
ATV four a riding A jump. person a over wheel	A person riding a four wheel ATV over a jump.
chair. A boy a jumping off	A boy jumping off a chair.
the street living man A on homeless	A homeless man living on the street
scalling a a is face A sheer rope with rock support. man	A man is scalling a sheer rock face with a rope support.
in away suit black in the other. the The man of each holding whilst dress the hand is the from green and looking hat girl	The man in the black suit and hat is holding the hand of the girl in the green dress whilst looking away from each other.
with gold A and shirt yellow on sun face. man his a mask	A man with a yellow shirt and gold sun mask on his face.
dirt muscle on cars Ralley track. position a for	Ralley cars muscle for position on a dirt track.
An is a sitting. to while boy both are speaking man older	An older man is speaking to a boy while both are sitting.
The track. # running greyhound a dog is around 2	The # 2 greyhound dog is running around a track.
down going make Competing turn. a sharp the leaning skier course to	Competing skier going down the course leaning to make a sharp turn.
men a while other, third each gesture guitar. Two plays at	Two men gesture at each other, while a third plays guitar.
ledge. Three cement at a dogs looking	Three dogs looking at a cement ledge.
boy standing a sunset or on is a A looking at snowy hill sunrise.	A boy is standing on a snowy hill looking at a sunset or sunrise.
A mountain is a climber snowy overlooking range. standing on rocks	A climber is standing on rocks overlooking a snowy mountain range.
railing embraces a out over water man woman they the look A as over ship. the at a	A man embraces a woman as they look over the railing out over the water at a ship.
of middle is in The water. the boat the	The boat is in the middle of the water.
wearing climbing. rock Young woman striped shirt	Young woman wearing striped shirt rock climbing.
child blue A a shirt. smiling in	A smiling child in a blue shirt.
other Old facing each woman jackets and in man	Old man and woman in jackets facing each other
the in dog is large The black walking water.	The large black dog is walking in the water.
man climbs mountain. shirtless A steep up a	A shirtless man climbs up a steep mountain.
in person is riding the on A trail woods. a rocky bike a through	A person on a bike is riding through a rocky trail in the woods.
a in is the in midair A of trick. skateboarder middle	A skateboarder is in midair in the middle of a trick.
Two the near summer beach. on cruiser the ride women beach wear in tricycles concrete	Two women in summer wear ride beach cruiser tricycles on the concrete near the beach.
fence. behind dogs are the The	The dogs are behind the fence.
grimmaces. with woman knife A fork and a	A woman with a knife and fork grimmaces.
on beach. runs dog the A	A dog runs on the beach.
walking in dog mouth. its a small is on stick grass A green carrying	A small dog is walking on green grass carrying a stick in its mouth.
dog A of is out brown the surf. and running black	A black and brown dog is running out of the surf.
Many surrounded and a lake trees people swimming is by houses.	Many people swimming is a lake surrounded by trees and houses.
handicapped his his biker move The to yellow arms bike. uses sports	The handicapped biker uses his arms to move his yellow sports bike.
brown rock A a and man shirt stands pants, orange white near wooded hat area. a in on	A man in brown pants, white shirt and orange hat stands on a rock near a wooded area.
down a walks blue coat A in a night. city woman at and sidewalk heels blue	A woman in a blue coat and blue heels walks down a city sidewalk at night.
tree. in girl A a	A girl in a tree.
running mouth. with Light dog its a in ball colored	Light colored dog running with a ball in its mouth.
skier down is huge going A covered snow slope. a	A skier is going down a huge snow covered slope.
brown dog hoop. through red is a and A white jumping	A brown and white dog is jumping through a red hoop.
a rock climber	a rock climber
red a A rides pole. skateboard down on a boy	A boy on a skateboard rides down a red pole.
man wearing holds life for fish small a a child wearing vest. A a a hat white up	A man wearing a white hat holds a fish up for a small child wearing a life vest.
Little beside moving girl on silver grass car. quickly	Little girl moving quickly on grass beside silver car.
The skies down snowy the girl mountain.	The girl skies down the snowy mountain.
group stand A a teenagers in park. of	A group of teenagers stand in a park.
in are dressed Two leaving. black people	Two people dressed in black are leaving.
black running and the a brown and A dog white in grass. dog	A black dog and a brown and white dog running in the grass.
after in a the a black grass chasing and brown dog white dog	a black dog chasing after a brown and white dog in the grass
Two a large girls are floor front sitting a window. wooden in on of	Two girls are sitting on a wooden floor in front of a large window.
a playground. A a seat swing hangs over the girl in of	A girl hangs over the seat of a swing in a playground.
with propped on arm white blue wrapped in with Child and bandage left eye closed ace and a shirt pillow.	Child in blue shirt with eye closed and left arm wrapped with ace bandage and propped on a white pillow.
Two picture. for employees pose a	Two employees pose for a picture.
dogs Two playing a tug with toy. of green war are	Two dogs are playing tug of war with a green toy.
tries tennis in to high air. white A ball a the catch dog	A white dog tries to catch a tennis ball high in the air.
ball behind in sunglasses a other or at shirt, sits perhaps event. a yellow a with woman man older An game big	An older woman with big sunglasses sits behind a man in a yellow shirt, perhaps at a ball game or other event.
boy sled, snow over jumps boys the several on laying One while boy end. sits his with one in other one	One boy jumps over several other boys laying in the snow with his sled, while one boy sits on one end.
above high the little a in the swimming with jumps A man pool background. boy	A little boy jumps high above the swimming pool with a man in the background.
snow. in running the Family dogs with	Family running with dogs in the snow.
A boy into done boy pool watches. flip swimming has a while a back another	A boy has done a back flip into a swimming pool while another boy watches.
ladles. an brandishes young man A two in orange shirt	A young man in an orange shirt brandishes two ladles.
bunny ears with A of women outside. walk group pink	A group of women with pink bunny ears walk outside.
boy young ready to baseball. is a getting A hit	A young boy is getting ready to hit a baseball.
orange through brown swimming an mouth. in with ball A is its dog water	A brown dog is swimming through water with an orange ball in its mouth.
dogs Three a field. play with in a Frisbee snowy	Three dogs play with a Frisbee in a snowy field.
the desert. to trying in kit guide Man a	Man trying to guide a kit in the desert.
the sign standing man a A rain. in carries while	A man carries a sign while standing in the rain.
A waterside stands piling. a atop woman	A woman stands atop a waterside piling.
front of holding holding newspapers standing while is building flags. A and a crowd in	A crowd is standing in front of a building while holding newspapers and holding flags.
biker a air. a in performs trick the	a biker performs a trick in the air.
dress. a in pink A girl twirls	A girl twirls in a pink dress.
is with standing sand dog apart black spread his A on some legs wide	A black dog is standing with his legs spread wide apart on some sand
adjusts man old An his camera.	An old man adjusts his camera.
wearing muzzles Several racing track. dogs on are a	Several dogs wearing muzzles are racing on a track.
playground on playing kids equipment. Two	Two kids playing on playground equipment.
few on a a sitting beanches next to pool couples	a few couples sitting on beanches next to a pool
a play pile in snow. Children of	Children play in a pile of snow.
orange A with and helmet shirt. man blue a	A man with a blue helmet and orange shirt.
girls uniforms and wearing down field. a black grassy white run Two	Two girls wearing black and white uniforms run down a grassy field.
out toward the look ocean. Five people	Five people look out toward the ocean.
alongside in bright street. An elderly person overalls orange is a standing	An elderly person in bright orange overalls is standing alongside a street.
male on ball holding sidewalk. child the standing a A	A male child holding a ball standing on the sidewalk.
is black guitar. holding red a in A little a shirt boy	A little boy in a black shirt is holding a red guitar.
boy group by a A watching man. people getting of interviewed a	A group of people watching a boy getting interviewed by a man.
looking spots white itself. black beach, the behind A on with walks dog and	A dog with black and white spots walks on the beach, looking behind itself.
as off jumping goes down the skateboard it Boy stairs.	Boy jumping off skateboard as it goes down the stairs.
biker motocross in the flies his bike. air A on	A motocross biker flies in the air on his bike.
seat. Three while young from jump an his older children watches man	Three young children jump while an older man watches from his seat.
street man walks market. to empty a down next an A	A man walks down an empty street next to a market.
skating speed a person	a person speed skating
red with well hats as several hat side girl red a an asian along others wearing	an asian girl wearing a red hat along side several others with red hats as well
air. uniform is wearing man the arts through A jumping martial a	A man wearing a martial arts uniform is jumping through the air.
yellow red a bandanna A the crust fallen through with dog the of snow.	A yellow dog with a red bandanna fallen through the crust of the snow.
Two playing in garden. skirts are wearing a girls young	Two young girls wearing skirts are playing in a garden.
on collie sandy is area. The standing a outdoors	The collie is standing outdoors on a sandy area.
cobblestone two children a The play. street and stand on	The two children stand on a cobblestone street and play.
enjoys girl the the carnival. at swing The young	The young girl enjoys the swing at the carnival.
his something to on mans is the standing back hand. trying brown legs reach in dog A	A brown dog is standing on his back legs trying to reach something in the mans hand.
A in of jeans large a plays a front woman game screen. in video	A woman in jeans plays a video game in front of a large screen.
snow. ears A in with dog red white the running is	A white dog with red ears is running in the snow.
cooks the the over looks child The as adult on. fire	The adult cooks over the fire as the child looks on.
are wearing and women purses elderly their to with back carrying walking Three the camera. coats	Three elderly women wearing coats and carrying purses are walking with their back to the camera.
the top screaming at a Man dune. of sand	Man screaming at the top of a sand dune.
stands A red a decoration. a child funny in near coat	A child in a red coat stands near a funny decoration.
sit match. Two a park while watching neighborhood on tennis a bench people	Two people sit on a park bench while watching a neighborhood tennis match.
swimming black water. and white through is dog A some	A black and white dog is swimming through some water.
beach. A leaps dog the on	A dog leaps on the beach.
against people with writing leaned on building on sit Two a a it. bench	Two people sit on a bench leaned against a building with writing on it.
hockey. playing Two men	Two men playing hockey.
is front grass trees. brown in A running of on the some dog	A brown dog is running on the grass in front of some trees.
in painting blue Girl coverall	Girl in blue coverall painting
water A is pointing on girl beach. a at young	A young girl is pointing at water on a beach.
dog hurdle. over small A a leaps striped	A small dog leaps over a striped hurdle.
runs a volleyball. a with dog	a dog runs with a volleyball.
an on and bench A apple. man sits eats a	A man sits on a bench and eats an apple.
is a playing flute. band in A girl the	A girl in a band is playing the flute.
person jumping in green other A shirt a near on several crowds people. a lawn of	A person in a green shirt jumping on a lawn near several other crowds of people.
shirted mask. sun A yellow man wearing a golden	A yellow shirted man wearing a golden sun mask.
cleaning their Two in children water village.	Two children cleaning water in their village.
air. the skier A flies through	A skier flies through the air.
on a A shovel. pulled boy being	A boy being pulled on a shovel.
putting black beach dogs mouth in girl a a ball a red on young the	a young girl putting a red ball in a black dogs mouth on the beach
catch Frisbee to grassy and green, a in young yellow field. A tries orange boy an	A young boy tries to catch an orange and yellow Frisbee in a green, grassy field.
bicycle on road. a riding A a cyclist	A cyclist riding a bicycle on a road.
dog. chases a sheep a	a sheep chases a dog.
on the ball. soccer, one men playing the ground Two holding	Two men playing soccer, one on the ground holding the ball.
boy A the on smiling is little for camera playground a	A little boy is smiling for the camera on a playground
standing in a a restaurant. front yellow dress in is A little of girl	A little girl in a yellow dress is standing in front of a restaurant.
dog A a multicolored mouth. running brown small his in with ball	A small brown dog running with a multicolored ball in his mouth.
A is girl some hat wearing a tools. garden near running little pink	A little girl wearing a pink hat is running near some garden tools.
walk in Children city. the	Children walk in the city.
dog spot and behind. tan with white dog with leaping black object covered White over snow	White dog with tan spot leaping over snow covered object with white and black dog behind.
starring hat man orange an in A at something.	A man in an orange hat starring at something.
in girls African on the dresses ground. Saharan Two sub sit purple	Two sub Saharan African girls in purple dresses sit on the ground.
black water. in dog A shallow	A black dog in shallow water.
A field in a grass. shirt white child a standing of in	A child in a white shirt standing in a field of grass.
and a flags. A of a is monument Frisbee man thrown being front in	A man is being thrown a Frisbee in front of a monument and flags.
in a horses Three and compete race. jockeys their	Three horses and their jockeys compete in a race.
eagle low The to flying is ground. the	The eagle is flying low to the ground.
men of in stand Two a young on building. the front steps black-robed	Two black-robed young men stand on the steps in front of a building.
over A climbing the the man of ocean. side a is mountain	A man is climbing the side of a mountain over the ocean.
in A with baby browses bookstore. a woman a	A woman with a baby browses in a bookstore.
a path alone down through traveling woods dog paved some White	White dog traveling alone down a paved path through some woods
a lies the at dog front into fog. the A boat headed of	A dog lies at the front of a boat headed into the fog.
one standing outside of starts Boys establishment a whie are to brick run. boy	Boys are standing outside of a brick establishment whie one boy starts to run.
in tennis black swims. A as mouth his carries orange dog an he ball	A black dog carries an orange tennis ball in his mouth as he swims.
near The jumping furry white dog a brown and door. is around	The furry brown and white dog is jumping around near a door.
the and child yellow man look life water. A vest up a from wearing	A man and child wearing a yellow life vest look up from the water.
a face child is and black paint The has blue crown. wearing on, and paper	The child has blue and black face paint on, and is wearing a paper crown.
geese. boy following small 4 A	A small boy following 4 geese.
crashes a man the his water parachute. into with	a man crashes into the water with his parachute.
and red A pants person climbing. black shirt in rock a	A person in a red shirt and black pants rock climbing.
red a A ball. white in air to is catch jumping attempting dog the	A white dog is jumping in the air attempting to catch a red ball.
in back his man cave. rocky is a A on	A man is on his back in a rocky cave.
boy a A rollerblading is park. in skate	A boy is rollerblading in a skate park.
on dog sat brown bed paper. surronded the The large wrapping by	The large brown dog sat on the bed surronded by wrapping paper.
mountain man woodland a A bike is on a riding trail.	A man is riding a mountain bike on a woodland trail.
that a talking " men red a at the on sign Two is listening. street Hell ; " one pointing beneath or other and box, is standing are the there Jesus says	Two men are talking on the street ; one is pointing at a sign that says " Jesus or Hell " beneath a red box, and the other is standing there listening.
a catching field. A a snowy dog on spotted ball	A spotted dog catching a ball on a snowy field.
other cyclists performing whilst stand watch. jump by and a is cyclist A	A cyclist is performing a jump whilst other cyclists stand by and watch.
people large bikes bags. while trash ride A onto group holding of	A group of people ride bikes while holding onto large trash bags.
running boy A a young field on	A young boy running on a field
jumping a of boy is A swing. off	A boy is jumping off of a swing.
wearing racing. red five white a number caught A midair and in brown is greyhound	A brown and white greyhound wearing a red number five is caught in midair racing.
with white with girl in in area a A a arms runs small grassy motion. flowers cheerful dressed dress her on	A cheerful small girl dressed in a white dress with flowers runs on a grassy area with her arms in motion.
though a a rope wearing black river. is a a dragging collar dog red	a black dog wearing a red collar is dragging a rope though a river.
of building a other while A talking outside man and people. woman to pose two	A man and woman pose outside of a building while talking to two other people.
boogie Man boarding wave. on	Man boogie boarding on wave.
people walk shopping a down Four cart young one street, a sunny pushing	Four young people walk down a sunny street, one pushing a shopping cart
ski a mountain. A a shot next to resort of	A shot of a ski resort next to a mountain.
A a of on off a seedoo. far view and person a surfer	A far off view of a surfer and a person on a seedoo.
blue shorts shirt Girl pink swinging in pillow. a and flowered	Girl in pink shirt and blue flowered shorts swinging a pillow.
a chasing dog pitbull ball. red A	A pitbull dog chasing a red ball.
is There dog a a in river. running shallow black	There is a black dog running in a shallow river.
to try Two chewed-up other. Frisbee the the dogs get red from	Two dogs try to get the chewed-up red Frisbee from the other.
with long peace man hair sign. riding a gives the A bicycle	A man with long hair riding a bicycle gives the peace sign.
Boys game. adults at a and soccer	Boys and adults at a soccer game.
the sea. a woman on a and sits looks wall sweater to sea with A	A woman with a sweater sits on a sea wall and looks to the sea.
swimming mouth. in with A its dog a stick	A dog swimming with a stick in its mouth.
a with distorted photograph. dogs plastic in a a on play Two lawn toy,	Two dogs on a lawn play with a plastic toy, in a distorted photograph.
black cinderblock. on dog jumps the a	the black dog jumps on a cinderblock.
Free that man " ". a is sign Hugs says A holding	A man is holding a sign that says " Free Hugs ".
the The the boy across court runs basketballs. with	The boy runs across the court with the basketballs.
a up A of in grass. tall red field jumping dog	A red dog jumping up in a field of tall grass.
the in front of african-Americans building. two stand	two african-Americans stand in front of the building.
wooden children in are of a Five hut. standing front	Five children are standing in front of a wooden hut.
of build-a-bear. are standing girls Two outside	Two girls are standing outside of build-a-bear.
riding they girl tape. girl piggy red back is Asian some another as An on pass	An Asian girl is riding piggy back on another girl as they pass some red tape.
black jumps a dog up hand. man's to uplifted A	A black dog jumps up to a man's uplifted hand.
is trees. lake colored a near A in person waterskiing autumn	A person is waterskiing in a lake near autumn colored trees.
stands building. with another in a front and jacket A brown man a man blue pants dark of beside	A man with a dark blue jacket and brown pants stands beside another man in front of a building.
Young with posing young hair with with man woman and sunglasses upturned glasses man with	Young man with upturned hair posing with young man with sunglasses and woman with glasses
sand A beach on in jumping the young girl the	A young girl jumping in the sand on the beach
American in and Chinatown in hand A through child City. mother hand an run	A mother and child run hand in hand through Chinatown in an American City.
hugs a A head. his sign man above up " " holds free	A man holds up a " free hugs " sign above his head.
shore. brown dog splashes on large The the and white	The large brown and white dog splashes on the shore.
a grassy A to runs medow. wire dog black in paralell a fence	A black dog runs paralell to a wire fence in a grassy medow.
the defensive is position goal. A a crouching of front goalie in in	A goalie is crouching in a defensive position in front of the goal.
bus a men Three walking in street on FedEx yellow and city of front trucks. two a	Three men walking on a city street in front of a yellow bus and two FedEx trucks.
off A leaping a boat dog	A dog leaping off a boat
of people bunch street. the A down walking	A bunch of people walking down the street.
A dog dog the in a and brown black sand.	A brown dog and a black dog in the sand.
green and white the grass. brown ran through dog The	The brown and white dog ran through the green grass.
people suffering picture two a up a of holding man	a man holding up a picture of two people suffering
of with is a daytime the bustling foothills typical mountain town seen A activity. at	A town at the foothills of a mountain is seen bustling with typical daytime activity.
yellow large A a leads two vehicle race. others in	A large yellow vehicle leads two others in a race.
open out. one fur, mouths teeth hanging both and dogs have showing, long brown one dogs, two tongue their with dogs is	two dogs, one with long brown fur, both dogs have their mouths open and teeth showing, one dogs tongue is hanging out.
board wave. a rides a with yellow A surfer	A surfer with a yellow board rides a wave.
like makeup Kiss have band kids Two " ". face strollers little on in the	Two little kids in strollers have face makeup on like the band " Kiss ".
Three street. talking a people city on	Three people talking on a city street.
race. costume a running a batman is man A in	A man in a batman costume is running a race.
snowy area. group people through a A hike of wooded	A group of people hike through a snowy wooded area.
a on overlooking a big A is standing rock man valley.	A man is standing on a big rock overlooking a valley.
child An hold up walk they hill. and as a grassy hands adult a	An adult and a child hold hands as they walk up a grassy hill.
riding wooded are a bicyclists area. Several though	Several bicyclists are riding though a wooded area.
in Dog snow. lies	Dog lies in snow.
trees. through bird is the flying A blue	A blue bird is flying through the trees.
woman in blue of shirt a people. a standing A crowd in	A woman in a blue shirt standing in a crowd of people.
purple, a the a play of A near black player to attempts field. and white, in end make	A player in purple, white, and black attempts to make a play near the end of a field.
in of of graphic and front shelves standing shoes. Person a in t-shirt purses print	Person in a graphic print t-shirt standing in front of shelves of purses and shoes.
puck. the move quickly players hockey The towards	The hockey players move quickly towards the puck.
ball near White on red with the shore playing dog the water. a	White dog playing with a red ball on the shore near the water.
skier mountain swishing A down a trail.	A skier swishing down a mountain trail.
lands. parachutist A	A parachutist lands.
racing Car a dirt on road	Car racing on a dirt road
attempt wake-boards kids a one to Two high-five. another on give	Two kids on wake-boards attempt to give one another a high-five.
A blowing a is bubble. girl huge	A girl is blowing a huge bubble.
bench. skateboarding a wooden Person on	Person skateboarding on a wooden bench.
sled race performing a Dogs	Dogs performing a sled race
slightly for camera. An weathered in the fedora smiles man a older	An older man in a weathered fedora smiles slightly for the camera.
on swing. upside girl, down Little	Little girl, upside down on swing.
and between bench a bush. a a tree sitting man on A	A man sitting on a bench between a tree and a bush.
motorbike riding a is A is bright their bike. in person and someone watching person their off a fall yellow jacket	A person is riding their motorbike and a person in a bright yellow jacket is watching someone fall off their bike.
a with in Three people cars the sidewalk background. light on colored 3 walking	Three people walking on a sidewalk with 3 light colored cars in the background.
flags stand it. bike a with young two near people Four on	Four young people stand near a bike with two flags on it.
camera a towards the running dog	a dog running towards the camera
standing the his beside on A man bicycle street.	A man standing beside his bicycle on the street.
picture their taken. people Three have around table gather and the	Three people gather around the table and have their picture taken.
in A plastic a little sits girl swing set.	A little girl sits in a plastic swing set.
tracksuit throwing Frisbee girl little is a red in A a	A little girl in a red tracksuit is throwing a Frisbee
some a near yellow shirt man wearing refuse. standing A	A man wearing a yellow shirt standing near some refuse.
kite. two a young fly girls	two young girls fly a kite.
balls. Two are a colored little bin in of children	Two little children are in a bin of colored balls.
A is with something. child vest off of being floatation bounced a	A child with a floatation vest is being bounced off of something.
green with ball back on a dog is carpet on a brown it. on laying A white its	A brown dog is laying on its back on a white carpet with a green ball on it.
guy and signs A holding girl hugging. and	A girl and guy holding signs and hugging.
on a its is walk. on leash while pulling small and white A brown dog blue	A small brown dog is pulling on its blue and white leash while on a walk.
spotted A white jumps a stream. and black over dog	A black and white spotted dog jumps over a stream.
during his van of and boy A out young a shoes wear gets for the prepares soccer game.	A young boy gets out of the van and prepares his shoes for wear during a soccer game.
is is hamburgers. tray looking a and a of at holding A a of boy jar woman mustard	A woman is holding a jar of mustard and a boy is looking at a tray of hamburgers.
dog following dog white is grassy the through A black a area.	A white dog is following a black dog through the grassy area.
back boy a the it. as a man to A begins ride of bike holds	A boy begins to ride a bike as a man holds the back of it.
fight with swords. play Children	Children play fight with swords.
snowboarding man is A a snowy hill. down	A man is snowboarding down a snowy hill.
The the playing water. dog is in	The dog is playing in the water.
a outside. very large people group of standing crowded together	a very large group of people standing crowded together outside.
is in rock strapped shirt a wall. young A a green climbing boy in harness a	A young boy in a green shirt is strapped in a harness climbing a rock wall.
by bike the beach the man ocean. A riding his on	A man riding his bike on the beach by the ocean.
Kids play water the in	Kids play in the water
Three holding cups. adults young plastic	Three young adults holding plastic cups.
water. volleyball the headed into is The game	The volleyball game is headed into the water.
basketball through air. Three the a court as ball on stand a people flies	Three people stand on a basketball court as a ball flies through the air.
laughing watched in The in being is girl yellow the at orange wearing by whilst girl girl blue. the	The girl in yellow is laughing at the girl wearing orange whilst being watched by the girl in blue.
rock is boy harness. climbing a A in suspended while young	A young boy is rock climbing while suspended in a harness.
a in snowboard. jumps white A a man coat	A man in a white coat jumps a snowboard.
Two of tug dogs play war.	Two dogs play tug of war.
wading A river. man is in a	A man is wading in a river.
water slide. laughing A girl a on	A girl laughing on a water slide.
bee flower. hovers above the The	The bee hovers above the flower.
smiles. sunglasses A in girl	A girl in sunglasses smiles.
and cigarette wearing smoking sitting a jacket a man A	A man wearing a jacket sitting and smoking a cigarette
child is is looking An distance. the a into nuzzling adult that	An adult is nuzzling a child that is looking into the distance.
to and trying wakeboard board the jumping on grab is man with hand. over A one a wake the	A man on a wakeboard is jumping over the wake and trying to grab the board with one hand.
stands green woman A and striped back. bag shorts a shirt with brown small her in on	A woman in brown shorts and green striped shirt stands with a small bag on her back.
stairs the from back. and climbing children seen young Two	Two young children climbing stairs and seen from the back.
throws teammate red A while uniform a and pitcher in watches. ball white his the baseball	A baseball pitcher in a red and white uniform throws the ball while his teammate watches.
dogs. on A trike a and team a of woman	A woman on a trike and a team of dogs.
a carrying dog his in Australian An shepherd newspaper mouth.	An Australian shepherd dog carrying a newspaper in his mouth.
outside and winter, people with cold scarf on hat Two a in	Two people outside in cold winter, with a scarf and hat on
in pool dog ball. with blue white black a plays a The and	The white and black dog plays in a blue pool with a ball.
scene. in runs dog rural Pale blurred, brown	Pale brown dog runs in blurred, rural scene.
people riding coaster. Many hanging a roller	Many people riding a hanging roller coaster.
cyclist The turned orange a in corner. the jersey	The cyclist in the orange jersey turned a corner.
a stairs. of skateboarder over a jumps set	a skateboarder jumps over a set of stairs.
similarly next white shirt girl dressed a to a girl in and a cubicle. small in leggings colorful sits	a girl in colorful leggings and a white shirt sits next to similarly dressed girl in a small cubicle.
tries player football after A another player. diving	A football player tries diving after another player.
boy white green game. in during a soccer alert and looks A	A boy in green and white looks alert during a soccer game.
rail. skateboarder rides A a down	A skateboarder rides down a rail.
girl from to creek. another jumps one a in A rock little	A little girl jumps from one rock to another in a creek.
over seabird flying is A rocks.	A seabird is flying over rocks.
white wearing red water. girl through shirt pants, a and jumps The is and	The girl is wearing a white shirt and red pants, and jumps through water.
bubble trying in catch to the grass. a A machine bubbles dog from	A dog trying to catch bubbles from a bubble machine in the grass.
outfit colorful in hands and wearing something man The holding both smiling for camera. the a is	The man wearing a colorful outfit is holding something in both hands and smiling for the camera.
a dog in white with of trots A trees. muzzle on front grass	A white dog with a muzzle trots on grass in front of trees.
a faces. A family frames stands for their holding to picture,	A family stands for a picture, holding frames to their faces.
two at are men with a bar a girls a picture Three young of camera-phone. taking	Three young men are taking a picture of two girls at a bar with a camera-phone.
outdoor people on an A man of a is a seen among event. crowd bike at	A man on a bike is seen among a crowd of people at an outdoor event.
A to winter clothes in another in red. red talks man man	A man in red winter clothes talks to another man in red.
near a is Frisbee. child A small	A small child is near a Frisbee.
shore riding woman horse of a is A the the on ocean. brown	A woman is riding a brown horse on the shore of the ocean.
sun. gliding a low They through air, the by are backed	They are gliding through the air, backed by a low sun.
drum a walk circle in line. girls, of carrying skirts white A front tops, green and rifles of in a in group	A group of girls, in white skirts and green tops, walk in a circle carrying rifles in front of a drum line.
beach. a a crowded wetsuit on A boy is wearing	A boy is wearing a wetsuit on a crowded beach.
catch brown behind from a a to small dog trying large white puppy	a large brown dog trying to catch a small white puppy from behind
a catches mouth. his in dog blue A ball and jumps	A dog jumps and catches a blue ball in his mouth.
a at shrine. prays A person	A person prays at a shrine.
This is twisting, roller turning a people. filled with ride, coaster	This is a twisting, turning roller coaster ride, filled with people.
pink the little snow. a in walks hat A girl in	A little girl in a pink hat walks in the snow.
forest. in is the cycling cross-country Man	Man is cross-country cycling in the forest.
A a are window displaying and a by a woman man passing record.	A woman and a man are passing by a window displaying a record.
huge Surfers on a sunset. wave ocean at	Surfers on a huge ocean wave at sunset.
men riding horses Two the in three their air. wave arms	Two men riding three horses wave their arms in the air.
looking and woman Man headphones. the with surprised, holding man	Man and woman looking surprised, with the man holding headphones.
smiles on The a clear lady day.	The lady smiles on a clear day.
man a stand costumes all in white. to dressed women colorful very next in Two	Two women in very colorful costumes stand next to a man dressed in all white.
skateboarder a does on The a trick ramp.	The skateboarder does a trick on a ramp.
up in rides red hill. A helmet a jumpsuit and dirt a motorcycle racer	A motorcycle racer in a red jumpsuit and helmet rides up a dirt hill.
dog pound. the walking through A	A dog walking through the pound.
while dribbling runs basketball ball. A player the	A basketball player runs while dribbling the ball.
the to dog dog animals ball. are jumps as over trying catch same a another both	a dog jumps over another dog as both animals are trying to catch the same ball.
player his A swings bat, but cricket misses.	A cricket player swings his bat, but misses.
children ground. a are on playing tarp the wet with outside Several	Several children are playing outside with a wet tarp on the ground.
and up A balls. is juggling looking seven person	A person is looking up and juggling seven balls.
play and Several the in sprinklers. kids run	Several kids run and play in the sprinklers.
a woman backpack. A to a wearing talks man	A man talks to a woman wearing a backpack.
girl a boy a area A and of trampoline on and foliage. nearby playground bounce	A boy and girl bounce on a trampoline nearby a playground and area of foliage.
trees. the on shirt the the is boy wearing grass blue running The between	The boy wearing the blue shirt is running on the grass between the trees.
track. around greyhound dark race a dogs Three	Three greyhound dogs race around a dark track.
Three slide. playground on are a children posing	Three children are posing on a playground slide.
brown pole. dog running A is and a around white	A brown and white dog is running around a pole.
up giving street. on Asian thumbs man	Asian man giving thumbs up on street.
person downhill. A skis	A person skis downhill.
out coming has blue car tail The and race white pipe. flames of its	The blue and white race car has flames coming out of its tail pipe.
hoodie railing. blue a Boy over wearing a jumps stair	Boy wearing a blue hoodie jumps over a stair railing.
necklaces. is man many The shorts the gold gold in lame wearing	The man in the gold lame shorts is wearing many gold necklaces.
is is seen to signaling as woman behind. A from traffic,	A woman is signaling is to traffic, as seen from behind.
warm child is The outside wearing winter. clothing in the	The child is wearing warm clothing outside in the winter.
structure. People inside stand a windowed	People stand inside a windowed structure.
a in helmet, The climb. readying wearing shirt, is man to blue a	The man in a blue shirt, wearing a helmet, is readying to climb.
Two dogs. blurry	Two blurry dogs.
is waterfall. standing in water a near man A	A man is standing in water near a waterfall.
fenced Man riding and on woman paved, path ocean. near bikes	Man and woman riding bikes on paved, fenced path near ocean.
off brown the shaking dog snow. is A	A brown dog is shaking off the snow.
a golden on leash large in A the retriever snow. standing	A large golden retriever on a leash standing in the snow.
shirt pants a field. and A white uncut an in through walking brown is child	A child in a white shirt and brown pants is walking through an uncut field.
bar couple outside sitting a of men a	a couple men sitting outside of a bar
Three posing playing young and for a boys outside picture	Three young boys playing outside and posing for a picture
a young leaning women the and at are other wall beach. Two stone each hugging on	Two young women are hugging each other and leaning on a stone wall at the beach.
a girl and camel. woman a ride a	a girl and a woman ride a camel.
a and ducks. grown duck several is There baby	There is a grown duck and several baby ducks.
the ocean. wading through blue is The boy	The boy is wading through the blue ocean.
while men are in game Two a them towards them. a white playing walks behind man	Two men in white are playing a game while a man behind them walks towards them.
on two adults bench. a sit	two adults sit on a bench.
dressed Two fence climbing a girls identically	Two identically dressed girls climbing a fence
to a bike locking An a suit older his pole man in	An older man in a suit locking his bike to a pole
white the to next is a them interested their sweater Someone dog striped and in in and is blue eating food.	Someone in a blue and white striped sweater is eating and the dog next to them is interested in their food.
top woman in and a jeans A with dancing behind zaftig tube her. a outdoors, guitarist	A zaftig woman in a tube top and jeans dancing outdoors, with a guitarist behind her.
and players group A in red football uniforms. of white	A group of football players in red and white uniforms.
woman holding the a wave. A in girl of midst large a small is	A woman is holding a small girl in the midst of a large wave.
park. are in the air watching balloons hot People	People are watching hot air balloons in the park.
black dog A a waterfall. plays around near	A black dog plays around near a waterfall.
green bending costume in person feathered in down is of woman breasts. a A painted a front with	A person in a green feathered costume is bending down in front of a woman with painted breasts.
rainbow. sitting a large little is girl in of front painted A	A little girl is sitting in front of a large painted rainbow.
and holding hat, a the and posing is a in man wearing for desert shirt green a metal The detector. picture	The man is posing for a picture in the desert wearing a green shirt and hat, and holding a metal detector.
vending youngsters a and front standing machine. are A Japanese in two man of	A man and two youngsters are standing in front of a Japanese vending machine.
a stands in suit man red costumed A a another and mask man. beside red	A man in a red suit and a red mask stands beside another costumed man.
a people room with are and mirror, gathered a in chandelier. sofa, The round	The people are gathered in a room with a sofa, round mirror, and chandelier.
and on A run. one is mid dog jersey the number red it with a Greyhound wearing is	A Greyhound dog is wearing a red jersey with the number one on it and is mid run.
of group down people street the walking A signs banners with and	A group of people with signs and banners walking down the street
upwards. Many people with crowded them of couple together, looking a are	Many people are crowded together, with a couple of them looking upwards.
standing Young lady alone waiting.	Young lady standing alone waiting.
sitting a in flowers. gray a of field A shirt man in	A man in a gray shirt sitting in a field of flowers.
is up A wall with rope a climbing man a	A man is climbing up a wall with a rope
Two a small dog. third facing dogs	Two small dogs facing a third dog.
and black dog The the grass. above white muzzled leaping is	The black and white muzzled dog is leaping above the grass.
is rock man sitting up A in a high the mountains. on	A man is sitting on a rock high up in the mountains.
a A wearing bat. baseball large uniform swings back a with man	A man wearing a baseball uniform swings back with a large bat.
a orange sled with Dogs parka the lead an through man in a snow.	Dogs lead a sled with a man in an orange parka through the snow.
petting an girl animal. small	small girl petting an animal.
covered woman a holding with mustard. dog hot A giant	A woman holding a giant hot dog covered with mustard.
camera. the the fingers with to their sign young Twp ladies give piece	Twp young ladies give the piece sign with their fingers to the camera.
jumps child a air. in jersey wearing A the	A child wearing a jersey jumps in the air.
the snow. long Two dogs play in haired	Two long haired dogs play in the snow.
waiting Quarterback football. snap of for	Quarterback waiting for snap of football.
cloud an up of sled. kicks snow on An a adult orange	An adult kicks up a cloud of snow on an orange sled.
man. by white catches black a and thrown dog A discs flying	A black and white dog catches flying discs thrown by a man.
skydiver from ground. A watches another lands while the safely	A skydiver safely lands while another watches from the ground.
water at the takes A at view couple dusk. the in	A couple takes in the view at the water at dusk.
off a skateboarding white shirt rail. in A person a	A person in a white shirt skateboarding off a rail.
track dirt their on. on The while race urge riders the horses them	The horses race on the dirt track while their riders urge them on.
up and A does kid a riding a trick in bike jumps midair.	A kid riding a bike jumps up and does a trick in midair.
a stuffed with dog animal A brown is it. on a chewing underneath bone	A brown dog is chewing on a bone with a stuffed animal underneath it.
people hill. hike a snowy up Two	Two people hike up a snowy hill.
A is ledges. on rock man sitting	A man is sitting on rock ledges.
A a swing. on female young smiling	A young smiling female on a swing.
American sitting crowd in bleachers, are people holding of and flags. A some are	A crowd of people are sitting in bleachers, and some are holding American flags.
orange is with hat. ears wearing pierced an The glasses and man	The man with pierced ears is wearing glasses and an orange hat.
Dogs the in playing yard.	Dogs playing in the yard.
collar in the dog The the is red little white running grass. wearing	The little white dog wearing the red collar is running in the grass.
in carrying A a her sling. smiling woman baby	A smiling woman carrying her baby in a sling.
boys running in stretching. clothes Two	Two boys in running clothes stretching.
one, snowboarders, who two is are doing There trick. a in white, dressed is	There are two snowboarders, one, who is dressed in white, is doing a trick.
A a stands water. in bathing in boy suit	A boy in a bathing suit stands in water.
of and blue up jumping shorts. and sports pull red Man shoes uniform in legs	Man in red sports uniform and blue shoes jumping and pull up legs of shorts.
a and in playing Two dogs brown white large are grassy area.	Two large brown and white dogs are playing in a grassy area.
dogs by running together Three are side house. a and the playing of	Three dogs are running and playing together by the side of a house.
scuba people under sea. the Three dive	Three people scuba dive under the sea.
girl and with The arm floats playing are on. boy	The boy and girl are playing with arm floats on.
dirt person A a bike. riding	A person riding a dirt bike.
a A of tall young woman crosses a field grass. bridge through	A young woman crosses a bridge through a field of tall grass.
blonde watching barefoot is The ground. run the on boy girl the	The blonde girl is watching the boy run barefoot on the ground.
wire. on biker crowd watches A a a	A crowd watches a biker on a wire.
a on handstand trampoline. a A doing girl	A girl doing a handstand on a trampoline.
watches. as swings crowd large a boy stick A a young	A young boy swings a large stick as a crowd watches.
its twig little is A a carrying in mouth. dog small	A little dog is carrying a small twig in its mouth.
on playing lying grass the cricket Guy	Guy playing cricket lying on the grass
a female and her artist showing signing A painting paper.	A female artist showing her painting and signing a paper.
people A a rock of on path. group standing	A group of people standing on a rock path.
A the jog in on sidewalk while bench. and a a man a blue park woman on stretches man	A man and a woman in blue jog on the sidewalk while a man stretches on a park bench.
flowers. white a woman by stands of headscarf A in a garden	A woman in a headscarf stands by a garden of white flowers.
near a bike vertical hilly grassy, behind goes a ramp guy with a on terrain A him.	A guy on a bike goes vertical near a ramp with a grassy, hilly terrain behind him.
boy is a riding shirt A while three skateboard park watch. in green in a his boys	A boy in a green shirt is riding his skateboard in a park while three boys watch.
gather together People outdoors.	People gather together outdoors.
a sliding plastic kid slide. down tan is The	The kid is sliding down a tan plastic slide.
A bubbles. in overalls blows boy	A boy in overalls blows bubbles.
a being wrestler young the thrown mat. yellow to	a young wrestler being thrown to the yellow mat.
girl pen a up nose. is her with at A the stuck camera looking young	A young girl is looking at the camera with a pen stuck up her nose.
each the brown dogs chase in other Two snow.	Two brown dogs chase each other in the snow.
in at swetashirts boys playground a young two	two young boys in swetashirts at a playground
a dog A black stick. large chews on	A large black dog chews on a stick.
a A shirt a at girl drinking wearing and milkshake little pink the sitting is table	A little girl wearing a pink shirt is sitting at the table and drinking a milkshake
man is looking mountain a a over down and valley. A atop sitting green	A man is sitting atop a mountain and looking down over a green valley.
outdoors. perform Musicians	Musicians perform outdoors.
game. Two a during soccer hustle players	Two players hustle during a soccer game.
child young fallen A leaves. among walks	A young child walks among fallen leaves.
ball catching A white soccer midair. a dog	A white dog catching a soccer ball midair.
A a in backstroke young pool. the swim goggles does in girl	A young girl in swim goggles does the backstroke in a pool.
is watching guy standing guy in midair. another A	A guy standing is watching another guy in midair.
while through holds A dark brow ball his an mouth water. walking in orange dog	A dark brow dog holds an orange ball in his mouth while walking through water.
a hat with walking man A is	A man with a hat is walking
on child A arm. a balances chair one with	A child balances on a chair with one arm.
women pair young young easel an to a audience. A with of give a lecture	A pair of young women with an easel give a lecture to a young audience.
to field child's prepares A boy at and a stands little football play kick a ball.	A little boy stands at a football field and prepares to kick a child's play ball.
tie, a child, jumps off A wearing steps.	A child, wearing a tie, jumps off steps.
rowing of boat. group a people A	A group of people rowing a boat.
a running path. on desert A girl is	A girl is running on a desert path.
man a a hat purple with rock. A climbing is	A man with a purple hat is climbing a rock.
boy of Small sliding tube striped out shirt in green	Small boy in striped shirt sliding out of green tube
a man picture a in men crowd. two takes of a another	a man takes a picture of another two men in a crowd.
in puddle. boy A a splashing	A boy splashing in a puddle.
a A people of posing picture. group for are	A group of people are posing for a picture.
the grocery street bags with walking down Woman	Woman walking down the street with grocery bags
cowboy a shirt hat. is blue and woman a wearing A white in	A woman in a blue and white shirt is wearing a cowboy hat.
pointy blue toddler A onesie black a in a car with playing toy.	A toddler in a blue onesie playing with a pointy black car toy.
bag. yarn-like on woman's plaid Women pull another strings of	Women pull on yarn-like strings of another woman's plaid bag.
area. The a in wooded rides bike rider	The bike rider rides in a wooded area.
and black the brown stands a in dog man over grass. A	A man stands over a brown and black dog in the grass.
outdoor phone artist's seated display. near woman Standing writing, man with on	Standing man on phone with seated woman writing, near artist's outdoor display.
a hat day. snowy The a a furry scarf, jacket, man and wearing on is	The man is wearing a scarf, jacket, and a furry hat on a snowy day.
Two are playing fighting together over a toy. dogs and	Two dogs are playing together and fighting over a toy.
dressed a track blue gray The dog in sits jacket. quietly,	The gray dog sits quietly, dressed in a blue track jacket.
dogs Two run down road. the	Two dogs run down the road.
in lone of through jumping a crowd. large motorcyclist air a the front	a lone motorcyclist jumping through the air in front of a large crowd.
bike. with next walks A and woman helmet her a to backpack a	A woman with a helmet and a backpack walks next to her bike.
are children group surface. black walking A a on brown and adults of small	A small group of black adults and children are walking on a brown surface.
who seem him. A by around surrounded people boy swirl to	A boy surrounded by people who seem to swirl around him.
a bench. to A stone next dog brown	A brown dog next to a stone bench.
a cigarette the in snow. outside smoking woman A	A woman smoking a cigarette outside in the snow.
Child world experiences new	Child experiences new world
woods. playing instruments people the group in A of	A group of people playing instruments in the woods.
the beach. on tennis dog a A watches ball	A dog watches a tennis ball on the beach.
policemen of group of a are building. outside A standing	A group of policemen are standing outside of a building.
getting a in church. people are Two married	Two people are getting married in a church.
in at playing a baby water the beach A	A baby playing in the water at a beach
two a field in kites A and bike	A bike in a field and two kites
A toddler a sandy on beach. sits	A toddler sits on a sandy beach.
someone the team. men Three from opposite tackle	Three men tackle someone from the opposite team.
for jumps dog the holding. girl a Frisbee is the	a dog jumps for the Frisbee the girl is holding.
player two A lifted in football by Sooners and white same. his being the teamates red uniform dressed	A Sooners football player in his red and white uniform being lifted by two teamates dressed the same.
daring midair a during stunt-leap Motorcyclist in down upside	Motorcyclist upside down in midair during a daring stunt-leap
hanging is on watching a A the horse. girl fence	A girl is hanging on the fence watching a horse.
stands of edge hind squirrel a road. legs grass A on the in at the its	A squirrel stands on its hind legs in the grass at the edge of a road.
outside the night. dark A a ramp bicycler jumps in	A bicycler jumps a ramp outside in the dark night.
below. climbs follows another mountain, young a A man	A young man climbs a mountain, another follows below.
people bar-type girl a stool. There several a room, in including dark one on a	There a several people in a dark bar-type room, including one girl on a stool.
field. dog a biting in dog's at grassy One face another	One dog biting at another dog's face in a grassy field.
unfinished playing an boys space. Three in	Three boys playing in an unfinished space.
two dog and A birds.	A dog and two birds.
across green background. white in the with running two Two field a animals dogs	Two dogs running across a green field with two white animals in the background.
on hill riding side. person bike people is the while dirt watch up on A a a	A person on a dirt bike is riding up a hill while people watch on the side.
ball A catching the is tennis beach. dog a yellow on	A dog is catching a yellow tennis ball on the beach.
harness water. a lands in A man the in	A man in a harness lands in the water.
a A attached man waterskis parachute. while to	A man waterskis while attached to a parachute.
child bare smiling chested water. plays A in	A bare chested smiling child plays in water.
the spectators people with background. rollerskating in Four	Four people rollerskating with spectators in the background.
arms a A with girl down slide. extended goes	A girl with extended arms goes down a slide.
a A a woman crowd camera. holding in stands	A woman stands in a crowd holding a camera.
people in mud. Two working	Two people working in mud.
jumps red a karate and a child A kick does couch. from	A child does a karate kick and jumps from a red couch.
walking a street. People on	People walking on a street.
diaper boy couch. a A onto jumping in a	A boy in a diaper jumping onto a couch.
to a dog snow. A the toy jumps catch in	A dog jumps to catch a toy in the snow.
harness rock in wall. climbs boy a A a	A boy in a harness climbs a rock wall.
dog catch a Small jumping to white ball.	Small white dog jumping to catch a ball.
a in A a grass man on and the reads lays book. field	A man lays on the grass in a field and reads a book.
dog water. swims A tan through very dark	A tan dog swims through very dark water.
field Sooner the tries on a tackle as a football players player to	football players on the field as a Sooner tries to tackle a player
a young in A blond girl bouncy blue house.	A young blond girl in a blue bouncy house.
a in splashing creek. dog A water black rocky through walking	A black dog walking through splashing water in a rocky creek.
operating in next a man beige a a black in to a a is shirt girl sweater. camera video	a man in a beige shirt is operating a video camera next to a girl in a black sweater.
dog green through A is brown running grass.	A brown dog is running through green grass.
her A girl her whips hair head a pool public young in over	A young girl whips her hair over her head in a public pool
Four deck are playing on people a outdoors. basketball plank	Four people are playing basketball on a plank deck outdoors.
white dog big small ball. dog brown with a plays near A a	A big brown dog plays with a small white dog near a ball.
building. soaring in blue of front the air skateboarding a A through	A skateboarding soaring through the air in front of a blue building.
A winter jumper ski enjoys fun.	A ski jumper enjoys winter fun.
girl player. another A from basketball defends the	A girl defends the basketball from another player.
a a throws cards. screams deck man woman of A as	A woman screams as a man throws a deck of cards.
floor several and with children blue tiled looking people water a and goldfish. into There are	There are several people and children looking into water with a blue tiled floor and goldfish.
fountain. water at outdoor an are Two boys	Two boys are at an outdoor water fountain.
a sidewalk, taking on standing man one are of while people together is a picture. A crowd	A crowd of people are standing together on a sidewalk, while one man is taking a picture.
ears by young behind is boy rabbit the young The given girl her.	The young girl is given rabbit ears by the young boy behind her.
to players get other the player. of tries front in Two as coliding one the soccer ball	Two soccer players coliding as one tries to get the ball in front of the other player.
down slides feet first. slide girl A purple smiling a	A smiling girl slides down a purple slide feet first.
grassy plain. dogs are black a in playing Two	Two black dogs are playing in a grassy plain.
with smiling. There a a shirt black black a man hat is and	There is a man with a black shirt and a black hat smiling.
asian baby asian reaching the camera. is an An holding toward woman that	An asian woman holding an asian baby that is reaching toward the camera.
picture. making woman for A and man funny faces	A man and woman making funny faces for picture.
beach. little boy A handstand on the a doing	A little boy doing a handstand on the beach.
mom swing. her girl little on the a pushes	a mom pushes her little girl on the swing.
its small ball mouth. dog green a in A tennis catches	A small dog catches a green tennis ball in its mouth.
man doing trick green bike. is a The on his	The man is doing a trick on his green bike.
the bike rider dirt across rock. a rides	a dirt bike rider rides across the rock.
jumping man during dark-skinned is in sports the game. a air A	A dark-skinned man is jumping in the air during a sports game.
a field white of over An is in airborne structure. ATV front a	An ATV is airborne over a field in front of a white structure.
in walking Dog his lease mouth. with his	Dog walking with his lease in his mouth.
hockey. playing men A group of	A group of men playing hockey.
her. jumping pool behind a two A into slides with is girl	A girl is jumping into a pool with two slides behind her.
horse a in men street around in clothes Two building. front dressed of	Two men dressed in street clothes horse around in front of a building.
yellow a shorts on sand man wearing blue, pink and the	a man on the sand wearing blue, pink and yellow shorts
and a wearing tennis is Nike sweatband racket. male from shirt a A athlete and a teal holding is	A male athlete is wearing a teal sweatband and a shirt from Nike and is holding a tennis racket.
to a beach. sand the down running kids dune Two	Two kids running down a sand dune to the beach.
a air. yellow person throwing in the A ball	A person throwing a yellow ball in the air.
A track. races a motorcyclist around	A motorcyclist races around a track.
ground. the pile of children leaves a on into Several leaping	Several children leaping into a pile of leaves on the ground.
A hind dog stands yellow on legs. his	A yellow dog stands on his hind legs.
white outside are grass. the Two on bunnies	Two white bunnies are outside on the grass.
beach. is playing a the dog rock large and woman on with a A	A woman is playing with a dog and a large rock on the beach.
Pink carrying a eyed dog pillowcase. boxer	Pink eyed boxer dog carrying a pillowcase.
hurdle. over A rider and a horse are jumping	A horse and rider are jumping over a hurdle.
A climbing. rock is man	A man is rock climbing.
a wearing bracelets a shirtless garland, carrying man A pole. and	A shirtless man wearing bracelets and a garland, carrying a pole.
black shirt a and a group pink beads. in standing girl A wears	A girl standing in a group wears a black shirt and pink beads.
A her on bride helped to shoes put being is	A bride is being helped to put on her shoes
the bagpipe. The man white beard with playing red a is	The man with the white beard is playing a red bagpipe.
Three a young greenhouse adults in work	Three young adults work in a greenhouse
something the young man water. A throws in	A young man throws something in the water.
pointing at geyser. Women a	Women pointing at a geyser.
A a blue girl young laying on toy inflatable	A young girl laying on a blue inflatable toy
Uno. sitting the a of on couch playing game Boy	Boy sitting on the couch playing a game of Uno.
skier skiing through the snow. lone a	a lone skier skiing through the snow.
is dog on waling A sand.	A dog is waling on sand.
a boy behind hiding A tree	A boy hiding behind a tree
outside store. stands woman A a	A woman stands outside a store.
Doberman chases dog on beach. A a a woolly	A woolly dog chases a Doberman on a beach.
balloons in of a race. with group boy A a people past runs	A boy runs past a group of people with balloons in a race.
track A air track is dirt man a nearby. in bicycle along graffiti jeans an a doing on with	A man on a bicycle in jeans is doing an air track along a dirt track with graffiti nearby.
is looking on and green camera. A a off sweatshirt lady her sunglasses head with	A lady with sunglasses on her head and a green sweatshirt is looking off camera.
girl A running. little is	A little girl is running.
is camera. The holding a Canon person	The person is holding a Canon camera.
kayak in rides waves A ocean. person a in the	A person in a kayak rides waves in the ocean.
cones. pants in A line skates wearing in green person through red weaves	A person in red pants wearing in line skates weaves through green cones.
pool jumps a wetsuit bald in A boy a man. into a with	A boy in a wetsuit jumps into a pool with a bald man.
black ice breaking a the stream. at dog edge of A is	A black dog is breaking ice at the edge of a stream.
mouth baseball on and in the a white stands black his A with dog grass	A black and white dog stands on the grass with a baseball in his mouth
down young a A going man holding escalator. is drink a green	A young man holding a drink is going down a green escalator.
on across Two race a a sunny dogs field day.	Two dogs race across a field on a sunny day.
tries to a man in ball. leaps red air uniform white a a A the in kick uniform one in as	A man in a red uniform leaps in the air as one in a white uniform tries to kick a ball.
Boys dirt. the in play ball	Boys play ball in the dirt.
down the with top a blue of slide. sliding mother Child slide at the	Child sliding down a blue slide with mother at the top of the slide.
skateboard others jumps in two a on boy watch while him A blue	A boy in blue jumps on a skateboard while two others watch him
overshadowed climbing partly by woman A a cloudy rocky hill sky. a is	A woman is climbing a rocky hill overshadowed by a partly cloudy sky.
wall. concrete woman a beside runs A	A woman runs beside a concrete wall.
men ground on are the going and through Two sitting backpacks. their	Two men are sitting on the ground and going through their backpacks.
showing his dog on on sidewalk mouth his open laying A is and his with teeth. a side	A dog is laying on his side on a sidewalk with his mouth open and showing his teeth.
to up dirt while catch a ground stirs running the on A the dog ball.	A dog stirs up the dirt on the ground while running to catch a ball.
is snow house. deep the The white child shoveling near	The child is shoveling deep white snow near the house.
skateboard. his the He is in on air	He is in the air on his skateboard.
galloping through A is the grass. dog	A dog is galloping through the grass.
person down a is mountainside below. black wearing A white with water with going helmet a	A person wearing black with a white helmet is going down a mountainside with water below.
with soled boy red shoes on playing a swing. is a	a boy with red soled shoes is playing on a swing.
fountain. by a women sit young Two	Two young women sit by a fountain.
rocky A white hillside. on walking a dog is	A white dog is walking on a rocky hillside.
a wedding drink served and groom reception. getting The are their bride at	The bride and groom are getting served a drink at their wedding reception.
with paddle. a A woman	A woman with a paddle.
grinding Skateboarder a barrel.	Skateboarder grinding a barrel.
A swooping in bird downwards. black mid-flight is	A black bird is in mid-flight swooping downwards.
cheerleader dressed in red cheers. and A smiles	A cheerleader dressed in red smiles and cheers.
beyond blue in railing. the girls water suits playing the knee Young deep in bathing	Young girls in bathing suits playing in the knee deep water beyond the blue railing.
young in couple lying bed. A	A young couple lying in bed.
in A on her mirror. the puts showgirl lipstick	A showgirl puts on her lipstick in the mirror.
adults picture. person at pointing the Young stand taking the	Young adults stand pointing at the person taking the picture.
fight. wrestlers sumo two	two sumo wrestlers fight.
bag. shopping black a clothes A in is drink man hat blue taking and and a a holding	A man in black clothes and a blue hat is taking a drink and holding a shopping bag.
a while one holds Two out a the boys of stuffed window peer RV toy.	Two boys peer out the window of a RV while one holds a stuffed toy.
young Five smiling party. a at ladies	Five smiling young ladies at a party.
beside fishing Some people ocean. off the wall the are	Some people are fishing off the wall beside the ocean.
line. in pose people Eight a	Eight people pose in a line.
child pool. is thrown by man swimming A in a the	A child is thrown by a man in the swimming pool.
down swimsuit a wearing slide to water A begins a slide. blue boy	A boy wearing a blue swimsuit begins to slide down a water slide.
in person The red is a with shirt posing Mohawk. a flannel	The person is posing in a red flannel shirt with a Mohawk.
running dog little is in the white The and black sprinkler.	The little black and white dog is running in the sprinkler.
person from is and holding the person rope One is rock watching below. climbing another while	One person is rock climbing while another person is holding the rope and watching from below.
on shirt the in A beach. boy laughing small yellow a	A small boy in a yellow shirt laughing on the beach.
A her ear. at sidewalk with cellphone is on a woman sitting a	A woman is sitting on a sidewalk with a cellphone at her ear.
smiling slides slippery tube down A a slide child	A smiling child slides down a slippery tube slide
the boy a A on black his surfboard wave riding on stomach.	A boy on a black surfboard riding the wave on his stomach.
on boulder. a a young climbs harness up boy A	A young boy on a harness climbs up a boulder.
water. of a walks dog into A body wearing blue leash a	A dog wearing a blue leash walks into a body of water.
and pink boys in black two matching shirts. matching and dresses and smaller white Two white girls in	Two girls in matching pink and white dresses and two smaller boys in matching black and white shirts.
standing woods. in dogs Two the	Two dogs standing in the woods.
range. front for mountain Five joy in men in a of jump tuxedos	Five men in tuxedos jump for joy in front of a mountain range.
dust young other A a into a the around while player cloud team moves baseball sliding him. rises base and	A young baseball player sliding into a base while a dust cloud rises and the other team moves around him.
hat white a baseball line sun hat reveals her who friend, in woman A wears tan to her a	A woman in a white baseball hat reveals her tan line to her friend, who wears a sun hat
looks through tube. A boy young a	A young boy looks through a tube.
adults the dances with girl sand. in A	A girl dances with adults in the sand.
tan dog runs leaves. through the The	The tan dog runs through the leaves.
Two track. race motorcycles on a	Two motorcycles race on a track.
the is taking gathers. a picture The crowd while man	The man is taking a picture while the crowd gathers.
on boy white attached a playing a is a a t-shirt swing in is that to tree.	a boy in a white t-shirt is playing on a swing that is attached to a tree.
snow. with gloves pink asian in the woman stands Young	Young asian woman with pink gloves stands in the snow.
Boys down tag the football run playing field.	Boys playing tag football run down the field.
a green, beach shirt runs a and khaki and in on A blue moon him. with structures behind boy dressed white shorts half red a and	A boy dressed in khaki shorts and a red shirt runs on a beach with green, white and blue structures and a half moon behind him.
shirt kisses to A the blue tennis a blows sleeveless man in fans.	A man in a sleeveless blue tennis shirt blows kisses to the fans.
drums. the black a There yellow man in and is playing outfit a	There is a man in a black and yellow outfit playing the drums.
running brown dog whilst object a in an carrying ocean orange its mouth. in the is	a brown dog is running in the ocean whilst carrying an orange object in its mouth.
on girl is a blowing dandelion. A young	A young girl is blowing on a dandelion.
little girls garden, front sit playing the flower in of chalk. Two with	Two little girls sit in front of the flower garden, playing with chalk.
a bottle water jacket teal from runner an is handed being in A a a holding woman umbrella.	A runner is being handed a water bottle from a woman in a teal jacket holding an umbrella.
cliff two ducks water. overlooking with on Girl the	Girl with two ducks on cliff overlooking the water.
the on plays man a his guitar street.	a man plays his guitar on the street.
and motorcycle. boy A police on woman sit a	A woman and boy sit on a police motorcycle.
down is festival. ramp a a going A at bike bicycler	A bicycler is going down a ramp at a bike festival.
on trooper with head shops candy. gear for Man storm	Man with storm trooper head gear on shops for candy.
a group performing man bike watching a air. A are dirt people young of stunt on a the in	A group of young people are watching a man on a dirt bike performing a stunt in the air.
playing on a A dog with beach. fetch man his	A man playing fetch with his dog on a beach.
in with A building. of star-shaped large front standing a green, man a balloon is	A man with a green, star-shaped balloon is standing in front of a large building.
girl a rollerblading. takes The break from	The girl takes a break from rollerblading.
others and bags background. carrying walking with a the man road along in A woman	A woman and man carrying bags walking along a road with others in the background.
three A to stands next video man machines.	A man stands next to three video machines.
a white Brown running dog through grassy field. and	Brown and white dog running through a grassy field.
furniture. past A dog who white standing some another is dog patio beside runs	A white dog runs past another dog who is standing beside some patio furniture.
one A standing on arm. man on a ramp young and is skateboarding is	A young man is skateboarding on a ramp and is standing on one arm.
of water bucket dump pink another girl a girl. to on tries in A a shirt	A girl in a pink shirt tries to dump a bucket of water on another girl.
Two with are adult window kids an through a the in looking back.	Two kids are looking through a window with an adult in the back.
three dogs red ball at a looking beach on someones a in hand	three dogs on a beach looking at a red ball in someones hand
dress and A woman white woman in a blue onstage. dress in a a	A woman in a white dress and a woman in a blue dress onstage.
looking dog is over the stone The wall. leashed	The leashed dog is looking over the stone wall.
carrying small is stick mouth. A dog his in a	A small dog is carrying a stick in his mouth.
in backyard. doing Boy cartwheels	Boy doing cartwheels in backyard.
look mountain. and the the to out People stand view window	People stand and look out the window to view the mountain.
costume her a woman with dressed A is in huge hat. a in feather	A woman is dressed in a costume with a huge feather in her hat.
a jumping young child couch. A onto	A young child jumping onto a couch.
in red a harness. A dog snow	A snow dog in a red harness.
tan A black dog and dog fighting. a	A black dog and a tan dog fighting.
of children of an towards the right frame. the crowd to object point A	A crowd of children point towards an object to the right of the frame.
jumps for as A group of one the people court on ball. person a gather basketball	A group of people gather on a basketball court as one person jumps for the ball.
a A flying leap boy into takes the water.	A boy takes a flying leap into the water.
tugging a in grass. Two on rag are puppies the	Two puppies are tugging on a rag in the grass.
cliff a suit the A looks person bathing yellow in a from water. in at girl a	A girl in a yellow bathing suit from a cliff looks at a person in the water.
pile in of snow. squats deep a dog A brown	A brown dog squats in a deep pile of snow.
A dirt. through the greyhound races	A greyhound races through the dirt.
hat A cowboy boy a a horse. rides young in	A young boy in a cowboy hat rides a horse.
girls along city facial behind with man A with with two landscape poses a hair them.	A man with facial hair poses along with two girls with a city landscape behind them.
boys formed A two rock. naturally man a in watches playing small	A man watches two small boys playing in a naturally formed rock.
the ocean. backs sitting near of Two camels, children, the on	Two children, sitting on the backs of camels, near the ocean.
person jump used a who rope lake. A to swimming in swing trunks into a has	A person in swimming trunks who has used a rope swing to jump into a lake.
girl near stands flyer. pajamas a One wearing a girl to is holding who	One girl wearing pajamas stands near to a girl who is holding a flyer.
to to A three hand drink some dogs turns allow tap the water.	A hand turns the tap to allow three dogs to drink some water.
self A wet dry. shaking its dog	A wet dog shaking its self dry.
brightly play area. colored a Two toddlers in	Two toddlers in a brightly colored play area.
hanging from them lined lanterns White Chinese red tents with up	White tents lined up with red Chinese lanterns hanging from them
dogs black a Two in are playing grass.	Two black dogs are playing in a grass.
a ice An frozen scaling waterfall. climber	An ice climber scaling a frozen waterfall.
girls hug. Two young	Two young girls hug.
carrying grass. and the its dog Black in mouth running is something in	Black dog is carrying something in its mouth and running in the grass.
plays girl rural scene. while singing in a guitar The a	The girl plays a guitar while singing in a rural scene.
tire kids a swing. Two enjoy	Two kids enjoy a tire swing.
girl A the feed a to water. ducks little in the over leans wall side of	A little girl leans over the side of a wall to feed ducks in the water.
graduation into upward hat red Young field. flings the in girl suit her	Young girl in red graduation suit flings her hat upward into the field.
together. young Two walking men	Two young men walking together.
Asian in foreground woman with attractive crowd	Asian crowd with attractive woman in foreground
in colored netted peace a young wearing is a teal a girl and A with skirt shirt sign.	A young girl is in a teal colored netted skirt and wearing a shirt with a peace sign.
A bike and the boy air. leaps his into	A boy and his bike leaps into the air.
man tarp. is on sliding a A shorts black in	A man in black shorts is sliding on a tarp.
with at guy girl a a hand wave in a hat cigarette with and camera. the A green	A girl with a cigarette in hand and a guy with a green hat wave at the camera.
left attack padded to arm. man A his a dog training	A man training a dog to attack his padded left arm.
walk five exotic through people the wearing snow clothes.	five people walk through the snow wearing exotic clothes.
in is sidewalk a New hula A on hooping York. girl	A girl is hula hooping on a sidewalk in New York.
striped run of a uniforms track. group down wearing A numbers with racing dogs	A group of racing dogs wearing striped uniforms with numbers run down a track.
patch small brown black by stand weeds. A a grass dog surrounding on near large and dirt a each other dog and	A large brown dog and a small black dog stand near each other on a dirt patch surrounding by grass and weeds.
guys to subway. listening are music Two a sharing headphones and on are	Two guys are sharing headphones and are listening to music on a subway.
a the A in saucer in child snow.	A child in a saucer in the snow.
player goal. basketball for the aims A	A basketball player aims for the goal.
splashing the in a black is dog This water.	This is a black dog splashing in the water.
spits the in A water. boy small bathtub	A small boy in the bathtub spits water.
ball. dog a The small is chasing	The small dog is chasing a ball.
the boy body grass. with A his on stomach little his streches out	A little boy streches his body out with his stomach on the grass.
A and wearing a girl dress a path. in sweater green walking pink down	A girl wearing a pink sweater and green dress in walking down a path.
through water a A stone building. child near splashes	A child splashes through water near a stone building.
ice Two each other. with skating girls are	Two girls are ice skating with each other.
background. helmet on bicycle a with a the talking cellphone man in red A wearing people other	A man wearing a red bicycle helmet talking on a cellphone with other people in the background.
The rides the forest. through BMX biker	The BMX biker rides through the forest.
with grss the dog toy in in green a A runs its mouth.	A dog runs in the grss with a green toy in its mouth.
people are There standing together. oriental	There are oriental people standing together.
are in cage. Three small a children	Three small children are in a cage.
sled a dog participant race in A onlookers. passes	A participant in a dog sled race passes onlookers.
of yellow is in front A driving a group track car race on of a people.	A yellow race car is driving on a track in front of a group of people.
Man kneeling petting in while of bird front river. large	Man kneeling while petting large bird in front of river.
is others. kid and airborne by launcher watched his An	An airborne kid is watched by his launcher and others.
A smiling, in background people in in around while red is the a coat woman winter are walking clothing.	A woman in a red coat is smiling, while people in the background are walking around in winter clothing.
winner trophy. a gets A	A winner gets a trophy.
the other different each of on dogs Two looking breeds road. at	Two dogs of different breeds looking at each other on the road.
A hats, of are wearing them around. most group people, standing of	A group of people, most of them wearing hats, are standing around.
black wetsuit wearing the is a man A in surfing water.	A man wearing a black wetsuit is surfing in the water.
another dog A white a dog. woman jumps holding at	A white dog jumps at a woman holding another dog.
in the a Two snow. romp long-haired have puppy dogs	Two long-haired puppy dogs have a romp in the snow.
A yellow striped hill. on person snowboard a jumps the black with and snowy	A person with a yellow and black striped snowboard jumps on the snowy hill.
wearing a man A green numbered sitting a shirt stadium. is in	A man wearing a green numbered shirt is sitting in a stadium.
lights. hanging rock of A a climber a strand Christmas Santa wearing is suit from	A rock climber wearing a Santa suit is hanging from a strand of Christmas lights.
People on rocky sitting overlooking steep incline. a chairs	People sitting on chairs overlooking a steep rocky incline.
with baby a Two woman	Two woman with a baby
riding rider Skateboard skateboard down wooden ramp. a a	Skateboard rider riding a skateboard down a wooden ramp.
a young two children playing front couch in of	two young children playing in front of a couch
dog brown mouth a white with A covering in its	A brown dog with a white covering in its mouth
street. on Man the sleeping	Man sleeping on the street.
yellow red and a same men uniform wearing the man uniform. another blocking are black Three in	Three men wearing the same black and yellow uniform are blocking another man in a red uniform.
catch boy reaches hat wearing Frisbee. a A to young a large	A young boy wearing a large hat reaches to catch a Frisbee.
couple of crowded A side walk walkway. the to a	A couple walk to the side of a crowded walkway.
splashing brown water. dog in swimming A and is the	A brown dog is swimming and splashing in the water.
and head. a in the has person black above ball red uniform The her	The person in the red and black uniform has a ball above her head.
inflatable plays pool. girl A an in	A girl plays in an inflatable pool.
Brown moving toward in objest camera. dog mouth with	Brown dog with objest in mouth moving toward camera.
airtime. A gets skateboarder	A skateboarder gets airtime.
driving in past Two jeep. are their toy little adults boys	Two little boys are driving past adults in their toy jeep.
person a raised. arms snow of A the at in mountian, the top stands	A person stands in the snow at the top of a mountian, arms raised.
A landscape. backpacker foggy a toward looks	A backpacker looks toward a foggy landscape.
and one white Two interact. black dog dogs	Two black dogs and one white dog interact.
beach. sits baby The on sandy the	The baby sits on the sandy beach.
A child playing is hockey ice	A child is playing ice hockey
lands A white the in water. swiftly birds	A white birds lands swiftly in the water.
on brick is holding wall. a standing woman camera and a The	The woman is holding a camera and standing on a brick wall.
dog. aggressive An	An aggressive dog.
ready bridesmaids getting red. her with wearing bride A	A bride getting ready with her bridesmaids wearing red.
on on the playground. A boy little sits slide a	A little boy sits on a slide on the playground.
red mouth. its A item a with dog in running	A dog running with a red item in its mouth.
with enclosed Two dog. the dog bed children an in	Two children in an enclosed dog bed with the dog.
about water. man the A paraglide to from	A man about to paraglide from the water.
at Black Frisbee dog catching the park.	Black dog catching Frisbee at the park.
man over in a covered a plain. blue A snow jacket a dog riding sled	A man in a blue jacket riding a dog sled over a snow covered plain.
girl little man in pool. A splashing and	A man and little girl splashing in pool.
speaks football with player. A coach a	A football coach speaks with a player.
face Three with animal at children outdoor event. pain	Three children with animal face pain at outdoor event.
laugh marker. a young as friend's of they on write with a group back men A	A group of young men laugh as they write on a friend's back with a marker.
swing. A girl rope on swings a	A girl swings on a rope swing.
outfit in player a an hits tennis orange ball. A	A tennis player in an orange outfit hits a ball.
sunglasses. blue has a dreadlocks shirt man and The wearing	The man wearing a blue shirt has dreadlocks and sunglasses.
boy handstand the beach. a young on doing A	A young boy doing a handstand on the beach.
grass jumping standing other are boy whist children is A around. the on	A boy is jumping on the grass whist other children are standing around.
An in younger group. perform two and older of men man front a	An older man and two younger men perform in front of a group.
clings shirt a The man wearing brown to rock. a	The man wearing a brown shirt clings to a rock.
girl in ocean. swimsuit into striped A the jumping is	A girl in striped swimsuit is jumping into the ocean.
ramp. skateboard down A a rolling	A skateboard rolling down a ramp.
standing other are brown some against and dog A in a grass black dog each	A brown dog and a black dog are standing against each other in some grass
water. dock off into jumping A person a	A person jumping off a dock into water.
on a bike. wall still off falls his while man A brick	A man falls off a brick wall while still on his bike.
room. lifts child back, his a One on inside another	One child lifts another on his back, inside a room.
with brown and blanket. the on dog lay together Baby pacifier	Baby with pacifier and brown dog lay together on the blanket.
cameras with jacket and front standing sunglasses is in gray a and man holding red car. of The a	The man with a gray jacket and red sunglasses is holding cameras and standing in front of a car.
is tire. little a with toy, on red A a kid, sitting	A little kid, with a red toy, is sitting on a tire.
stands umbrella a a meter. to parking woman with A blue next	A woman with a blue umbrella stands next to a parking meter.
go people a Two in rink. skating ice	Two people go ice skating in a rink.
of sweater wearing between branches leaves. tree girl white a with Small standing green a	Small girl wearing a white sweater standing between branches of a tree with green leaves.
play carpet. dogs Two black on	Two black dogs play on carpet.
young on in yellow boy it holding sits shirt while bike Man	Man in yellow shirt holding bike while young boy sits on it
girl. seated, a food to serves A little man,	A man, seated, serves food to a little girl.
The gear. protective wearing is athlete	The athlete is wearing protective gear.
a Child swimming underwater toy hand. with his in	Child swimming underwater with a toy in his hand.
street A man shirt no wearing on skateboarding the	A man wearing no shirt skateboarding on the street
store. a a a through browses book wearing A woman black at shirt	A woman wearing a black shirt browses through a book at a store.
boy little all and over his got eating mouth. something A it is	A little boy is eating something and got it all over his mouth.
bend lake. of down the People into bathing suits in a water reach and	People in bathing suits bend down and reach into the water of a lake.
dust. vehicle, of person up A on all-terrain sending an clouds	A person on an all-terrain vehicle, sending up clouds of dust.
riding unicycle. Girl a in plaid shirt	Girl in plaid shirt riding a unicycle.
a and cape dress red gold white waving Woman black, in	Woman in black, red and white dress waving a gold cape
walking red skateboard. Man with	Man walking with red skateboard.
the wearing running on vest Three grass. green dogs are	Three dogs wearing vest are running on the green grass.
water A white paper the is young on colors a wall. on braids with girl painting with	A young girl with braids is painting with water colors on a white paper on the wall.
square. a in in suits Two animal people	Two people in animal suits in a square.
stream. standing Person beside bike in	Person standing beside bike in stream.
teeth A a ramp, descends dog bared.	A dog descends a ramp, teeth bared.
takes A man of his young in friend gymnastics picture field a doing a	A young man takes a picture of his friend doing gymnastics in a field
of and group camera. A young the people bottles pointing holding at	A group of young people holding bottles and pointing at the camera.
tunnel. blue inside a and yellow sit Two children	Two children sit inside a blue and yellow tunnel.
bagpipes end a the of grabs of another man while man A set plays.	A man grabs the end of a set of bagpipes while another man plays.
a helmet. motorcycle woods man a in A wearing black on the	A man on a motorcycle in the woods wearing a black helmet.
A his leg into out. the a water, boy leaping young is thrust pier off	A young boy is leaping off a pier into the water, his leg thrust out.
Dogs in run the surf.	Dogs run in the surf.
The stick runs dog a the with its through in mouth. water	The dog runs through the water with a stick in its mouth.
looking crowd into out Baseball a stadium player	Baseball player looking out into a stadium crowd
Puppy ball an with on rug. tennis playing orange a	Puppy playing with a tennis ball on an orange rug.
sand the in on yellow throws in a standing A balloon glasses boy with air. the	A boy with glasses on standing in the sand throws a yellow balloon in the air.
a on near water. the log a sits woman	a woman sits on a log near the water.
the at on across looking man a standing on the woman A street road.	A man standing on the street looking at a woman across on the road.
of walks distance. the herd toward sheep girl A a in	A girl walks toward a herd of sheep in the distance.
in observes A of policeman the the crosswalks motorcycle middle city. a	A motorcycle policeman observes the crosswalks in the middle of a city.
with sides down stripes in the A blue yellow shorts boy leaping. is	A boy in blue shorts with yellow stripes down the sides is leaping.
laying massage in chairs People	People laying in massage chairs
a jacket man white and baseball blue A cap. in	A man in a white jacket and blue baseball cap.
walking looking are two up tree. The that children is dog a at the	The dog that the two children are walking is looking up at a tree.
are around. with splashing Two a people swimming water pool in	Two people are in a swimming pool with water splashing around.
park. skate closeup man in A of a skateboarding a	A closeup of a man skateboarding in a skate park.
girl little in A a splashes pool. in shallow dressed yellow	A little girl dressed in yellow splashes in a shallow pool.
mouth. a is and air brown A with ball jumping dog in its white the in tennis	A brown and white dog is jumping in the air with a tennis ball in its mouth.
a person long a a walks along under ponytail with a tunnel waterway	a person with a long ponytail walks along a waterway under a tunnel
while does photographer front Skateboarder of watches in tricks crowd	Skateboarder does tricks in front of crowd while photographer watches
A a meadow in walks near trees. some boy	A boy walks in a meadow near some trees.
A through walking dog water. black	A black dog walking through water.
white pulls out A the stick dog water. a large of small	A small white dog pulls a large stick out of the water.
boy is beside a in chair a into red pool jumping with A it. red shorts swimming	A boy in red shorts is jumping into a swimming pool with a red chair beside it.
a harness a background. held A waterboard splashing being structure water by the tube dog over with in on a	A dog being held by a harness on a waterboard over splashing water with a tube structure in the background.
a A beach while child nearby. woman pictures takes on the	A child on the beach while a woman takes pictures nearby.
is A flapping wings the its on bird water.	A bird is flapping its wings on the water.
a getting a is ride paved t-shirt black shirt wearing wearing on from path a woods. black the person person a A piggy-back in walkng a	A person wearing a black shirt is getting a piggy-back ride from a person wearing a black t-shirt walkng on a paved path in the woods.
are at people Two a working shop coffee	Two people are working at a coffee shop
lady swimming is in blue a swimsuit A underwater.	A lady in a blue swimsuit is swimming underwater.
opens sharp expose to dog's A its mouth teeth.	A dog's mouth opens to expose its sharp teeth.
is woman rock climbing A	A woman is rock climbing
on the rugby field two players fighting	two rugby players fighting on the field
dog The object white field in mouth. with running a little a clover its is brown through	The little brown dog is running through a clover field with a white object in its mouth.
wrestler. A wrestler another is off by ground lifted the being	A wrestler is being lifted off the ground by another wrestler.
hat, sidewalk. trench A and sunglasses, stand shoes wearing jeans, brown a coat white yellow on woman a the	A woman wearing a brown hat, sunglasses, jeans, white shoes and a yellow trench coat stand on the sidewalk.
dog A its is a ball swimming mouth. with tennis in black	A black dog is swimming with a tennis ball in its mouth.
on daredevil motorcycle. Motorcycle reared	Motorcycle daredevil on reared motorcycle.
women walk a down street. Two	Two women walk down a street.
at couple in A clothing old an outdoor table.	A couple in old clothing at an outdoor table.
green shirt jumping ramp on a a a wearing skateboarder	a skateboarder wearing a green shirt jumping on a ramp
waiting A and woman luggage a baby with	A woman and a baby waiting with luggage
on and on Big spotted dog the laying street. white jacket a brown	Big brown and white spotted dog laying on a jacket on the street.
mountain. climbers up two a large climbing grassy mountain	two mountain climbers climbing up a large grassy mountain.
snow walk A through with the and a two child man dogs.	A man and a child walk through the snow with two dogs.
game. professional reaches A puck during a goalie hockey for the	A hockey goalie reaches for the puck during a professional game.
on up jumps trampoline. child a small A	A small child jumps up on a trampoline.
A snow. white running dog on	A white dog running on snow.
jeans saddle. horse a sits wearing on of A top person	A person wearing jeans sits on top of a horse saddle.
a A child playing net. on rope	A child playing on a rope net.
clear under Several are sky. a people blue around standing	Several people are standing around under a clear blue sky.
out birthday stands Two girls mother at blowing girl on by look as candles	Two girls look on at birthday girl blowing out candles as mother stands by
people Three waiting on train a platform. are	Three people are waiting on a train platform.
A to up a slope. riding skateboarder	A skateboarder riding up to a slope.
coat a in the hand. is in woman camera white her holding The	The woman in the white coat is holding a camera in her hand.
group a looks holds one down. of speaks woman and seated watch man as and people a microphone A	A man holds a microphone and speaks as a group of seated people watch and one woman looks down.
riding brown through are one dirt-bikes and people grass. two four-wheeler on Three	Three people on two dirt-bikes and one four-wheeler are riding through brown grass.
man in a orange woman black to shirt a A and backs sit in top the an tank their camera.	A woman in a black tank top and a man in an orange shirt sit their backs to the camera.
edge dog dock of in A water. leaping woman the nearby the a at kneels toward reaching a	A woman kneels at the edge of a dock reaching toward a dog leaping nearby in the water.
forest. riding Biker through the	Biker riding through the forest.
standing in Two kitchen. a are boys	Two boys are standing in a kitchen.
front smiles. grass water A dry in and woman of standing	A woman standing in front of water and dry grass smiles.
in people desert. Many dancing a sandy	Many people dancing in a sandy desert.
ball. is a green holding The girl	The girl is holding a green ball.
in bicycle A a a the person doing jump, skyline background.	A person doing a bicycle jump, a skyline in the background.
eating. A in guy jacket black	A guy in black jacket eating.
in blowing bubbles. a shirt girl black A	A girl in a black shirt blowing bubbles.
as man stares A he his carries intently green-colored a at cellphone drink.	A man stares intently at his cellphone as he carries a green-colored drink.
bench sitting in a people of on Two red books. front	Two people sitting on a red bench in front of books.
are on joking around Two caught camera. women	Two women joking around are caught on camera.
part blue benches. children audience of A are Asian on of group sitting an	A group of Asian children are part of an audience sitting on blue benches.
blue grass. with on tan dog markings collar green a standing Black wearing	Black dog with tan markings wearing a blue collar standing on green grass.
a plays blue yellow with set. on eyes A and playground boy young red	A young boy with blue eyes plays on a red and yellow playground set.
Four table room. a are around people modern in decorated meeting	Four people are meeting around table in a modern decorated room.
play or black dogs Two together. fight	Two black dogs play or fight together.
at along of green the in grinds a night. edge A snowboarder rail	A snowboarder in green grinds along the edge of a rail at night.
a blonde on wall her jeans nails. examining in black is sitting A woman	A blonde woman in black jeans is sitting on a wall examining her nails.
with in Legos from bin Two clear the play a a blond plastic sofa with boys background.	Two blond boys play with Legos from a clear plastic bin with a sofa in the background.
Two a taking are background. crowd while men around a on going a together concert is turned the in in picture	Two men in a crowd are turned around taking a picture together while a concert is going on in the background.
tug-of-war toy. white, green play brown and a the one Two with dogs, black and white, other	Two dogs, one brown and white, the other black and white, play tug-of-war with a green toy.
wheel by ridden someone bicycle Closeup a of being perspective	Closeup perspective of a bicycle wheel being ridden by someone
its with dog A catching a spots is white with baseball mouth. black	A white dog with black spots is catching a baseball with its mouth.
the near An a on and water. adult bleachers child	An adult and a child on bleachers near the water.
group hill overlooking A on of a range. traveling of people top a relaxing	A group of traveling people relaxing on top of a hill overlooking a range.
the is leaping into water. dog The	The dog is leaping into the water.
group in of hill boys a soccer of small young are A front playing	A group of young boys are playing soccer in front of a small hill
submerged in in their kayak. yellow person half water A is	A person is half submerged in water in their yellow kayak.
some through young tree. atop a a looking from leaves down girl	a young girl looking down through some leaves from atop a tree.
something brown is black The mouth. dog and running with its in	The black and brown dog is running with something in its mouth.
yellow dog is A toy. chewing on white stuffed a	A yellow dog is chewing on a white stuffed toy.
is a black swimming dog while carrying tennis A	A black dog is swimming while carrying a tennis
handrail at A boy skateboards the metal night. down	A boy skateboards down the metal handrail at night.
water young the near a river. boy muddy in stands A	A young boy stands near the water in a muddy river.
dirt riding helmet a with covered bike Man mud. in a	Man in a helmet riding a dirt bike covered with mud.
carrying in woman in a a white, black stands A crowd. handbag young	A young woman in white, carrying a black handbag stands in a crowd.
running A a bmx on course. person a bike,	A person on a bmx bike, running a course.
the background. peaks scrubby traverse towards snowy Five a dry, in hikers plain	Five hikers traverse a dry, scrubby plain towards snowy peaks in the background.
race with is ground. a A man sled snow dog on in the	A man is in a dog sled race with snow on the ground.
camera. men Two fleeces and at hats the in looking	Two men in fleeces and hats looking at the camera.
of A ball field. a group players on a chase	A group of players chase a ball on a field.
of he little outside. older with A women squirted as group laugh water gets boy a watch	A group of older women watch a little boy laugh as he gets squirted with water outside.
play while wait. a family The of they children	The children of a family play while they wait.
dressed an in dressed adult black. in A child purple and	A child dressed in purple and an adult dressed in black.
staff sunglasses A coaching game. football on has for his on OU during a man the head	A man on the coaching staff for OU has sunglasses on his head during a football game.
a on people with a the Several view mountains. relax of porch	Several people relax on a porch with a view of the mountains.
water White bird fly. in preparing to	White bird in water preparing to fly.
the running and in are Two dogs snow playing	Two dogs are running and playing in the snow
mouth, one through grass. a holding ball in run two The its the dogs,	The two dogs, one holding a ball in its mouth, run through the grass.
is turtle strawberry being a fed The	The turtle is being fed a strawberry
a in game. person A pitches young baseball	A young person pitches in a baseball game.
other. one with Two and dogs, black, playing one each brown	Two dogs, one brown and one black, playing with each other.
to building. running brick four a The children are	The four children are running to a brick building.
mouth. in its a grass in dog with A bird tall black	A black dog in tall grass with a bird in its mouth.
through big, water dog A brown running the	A big, brown dog running through the water
; in her girl a at back of The looks costume little woman	The back of a woman in costume ; little girl looks at her
train a man and with sits red a A on suit shirt.	A man sits on a train with a suit and red shirt.
biker the The riding is woods. through	The biker is riding through the woods.
Three a under girls before umbrellas stage. stand	Three girls stand under umbrellas before a stage.
pink is wearing a grass. walking the tutu The and girl through	The girl is wearing a pink tutu and walking through the grass.
buildings. by men surrounded are Two a on street standing	Two men are standing on a street surrounded by buildings.
breaking surfer riding wave. is on A a	A surfer is riding on a breaking wave.
holding in is blue robe a air, A person wearing sword. a the	A person wearing a blue robe is in the air, holding a sword.
surfs wave. a across the surfer large	a surfer surfs across the large wave.
a white a young playing hat read shirt among with A foliage. and the girl	A young girl with a read shirt and a white hat playing among the foliage.
skateboarder staircase. jump a watch a group of distant boys A	A group of boys watch a skateboarder jump a distant staircase.
with a young onto blond rail holding A hair girl	A young girl with blond hair holding onto a rail
rock A standing in a crevasse. climber	A rock climber standing in a crevasse.
in large Children door. of a play front	Children play in front of a large door.
at in clothing. table people a formal sit Several	Several people sit at a table in formal clothing.
bright ocean. wig at a yellow A the shirt, facing pink and away and person wearing looking a	A person wearing a bright pink wig and a yellow shirt, facing away and looking at the ocean.
with camera a whilst boy dirt is a on track. standing playing a	a boy is playing with a camera whilst standing on a dirt track.
A green. in to lighting lit man in talks woman white a	A woman in white lighting talks to a man lit in green.
holding player A football stride in a football. mid	A football player in mid stride holding a football.
group A climbers mountain of	A group of mountain climbers
orange snowy catches an tan the A ball in yard. dog	A tan dog catches an orange ball in the snowy yard.
a on coming the furry, is black blue of A water. leash and is big, dog out	A big, furry, black dog is on a blue leash and is coming out of the water.
A in jacket. green a aimed a camera with at singer man a	A man with a camera aimed at a singer in a green jacket.
is road a on motorcyclist A motorbike. down driving their	A motorcyclist is driving down a road on their motorbike.
to merchandise. bending pug with on examine man a a down leash A	A man with a pug on a leash bending down to examine merchandise.
a with hot water. filled small a day, sit container On in kids big three	On a hot day, three small kids sit in a big container filled with water.
dog. sized medium huge fluffy A dog a brown is to about attack	A huge brown dog is about to attack a medium sized fluffy dog.
runs dog in and water. plays A the	A dog runs and plays in the water.
playing field A player a springs baseball on action. into	A baseball player on a playing field springs into action.
a young plays jungle and in red sweatshirt black on gym. a A boy red vest	A young boy in a black sweatshirt and red vest plays on a red jungle gym.
bit camera. A enjoying smile for couple nightlife a the of	A couple enjoying a bit of nightlife smile for the camera.
A a lake. boat on	A boat on a lake.
feet with A white is water. over yellow flying bird	A white bird with yellow feet is flying over water.
A jumping into water dog black the	A black dog jumping into the water
and a black red people. a dog and lawn other on hurdle white A and white with dogs jumps	A black and white dog jumps a red and white hurdle on a lawn with other dogs and people.
is to toddler. shooting next man There a a basketballs	There is a man shooting basketballs next to a toddler.
ninja in jumping child A a does kick. outfit a	A child in a ninja outfit does a jumping kick.
forward his pedals as leaning he A bike. cyclist	A cyclist leaning forward as he pedals his bike.
Bike obstacles. jumping rider	Bike rider jumping obstacles.
with two dogs. Man beach at the	Man at the beach with two dogs.
tripods snow. with people in pictures take the Several	Several people take pictures with tripods in the snow.
watch. ice others race while skates Two boys on	Two boys race on ice skates while others watch.
person A jumps Rollerblades gate. a yellow over wearing	A person wearing Rollerblades jumps over a yellow gate.
to trying training A dog bite man who a is him	A dog trying to bite a man who is training him
towards The dog brown and blue is yellow tube. running a	The brown dog is running towards a blue and yellow tube.
A as yellow race corner sliding through watch. car a spectators	A yellow race car sliding through a corner as spectators watch.
black dogs. two girl bank A a along runs river with	A girl runs along a river bank with two black dogs.
a hanging of off cliff. person A	A person hanging off of a cliff.
playing Children rocks. on	Children playing on rocks.
woman child to a holding small squatting A dog. while face a	A woman squatting to face a small child while holding a dog.
Two are muddy in water. children rolling	Two children are rolling in muddy water.
white the and The little painting. is hat girl with white shirt	The little girl with the white hat and white shirt is painting.
on car, hood open inside A white the a small sprays fireman jack. of	A fireman sprays inside the open hood of small white car, on a jack.
Woman swim. to teaching how young boy	Woman teaching young boy how to swim.
a riding Bullrider a at bull. rodeo	Bullrider at a rodeo riding a bull.
play dogs water. Two in the	Two dogs play in the water.
someone around turns hand while A kid behind an with in him. passes object	A kid turns around with an object in hand while someone passes behind him.
a snow. across outfit a riding blue in is the a man black snowmobile	a man in a black outfit is riding a blue snowmobile across the snow.
door. open porch in a man standing an A brown of jacket front in	A man in a brown jacket standing in front of an open porch door.
are and on dog white A a black and carpet. the wrestling brown dog	A brown and black dog and a white dog are wrestling on the carpet.
playfully nip and puppies other. Two chase each	Two puppies playfully nip and chase each other.
at skateboarding ramp person night. down A a	A person skateboarding down a ramp at night.
off a does a snowboarder The yellow of trick pyramid.	The snowboarder does a trick off of a yellow pyramid.
street. down the women two walk	two women walk down the street.
big People around in walk puppet theater a city. a mobile	People walk around a mobile puppet theater in a big city.
a of a setting up in people mobile a room. white are shoot Two photo	Two people are setting up a photo shoot of a mobile in a white room.
shirt man in red large a skyscraper. stands a Behind the	Behind the man in a red shirt stands a large skyscraper.
the dogs. is water's two edge with Someone at	Someone is at the water's edge with two dogs.
bar pole vaulated while spectators watched. above the athlete The	The athlete pole vaulated above the bar while spectators watched.
a cries toy her. her and the little beside floor girl lays A on dress in purple plaid with	A little girl in a purple plaid dress lays on the floor and cries with her toy beside her.
on a concrete surface goggles. while blue A holding in boy running shorts	A boy in blue shorts running on a concrete surface while holding goggles.
crowd shirt begins of man a others. A into drum no a jump to wearing from	A man wearing no shirt begins to jump from a drum into a crowd of others.
bicycler A does under tricks overpass. an	A bicycler does tricks under an overpass.
lawn with treated water. playing a people on are Two	Two people are on a treated lawn playing with water.
Several bagpipers Scottish dress. in	Several bagpipers in Scottish dress.
as a Two kids wrestle observes man	Two kids wrestle as a man observes
through blows girls wind hair. whilst enjoy Two themselves their	Two girls enjoy themselves whilst wind blows through their hair.
in lifts an young old voice field A song in a near woman structure. wooden her	A young woman lifts her voice in song in a field near an old wooden structure.
climbs a sunglasses a slope. but snow-covered sunny and A tank woman in	A woman in a tank and sunglasses climbs a sunny but snow-covered slope.
with A the girl view in a bikini background in great a top	A girl in a bikini top with a great view in the background
a drinks in Vendor selling stall.	Vendor selling drinks in a stall.
standing an stand cream People of ice outside	People standing outside of an ice cream stand
two behind A canvasses. cardboard man sits	A man sits behind two cardboard canvasses.
a in pool. on is swimming back person The their	The person is swimming on their back in a pool.
together boys their their stand with arms bended show to strength. Four	Four boys stand together with their arms bended to show their strength.
underneath. sand a girl brown hair A with with red twisted swing is shirt long and across laying a	A girl with a red shirt and long brown hair is laying across a twisted swing with sand underneath.
skates while a A path. woman on others run	A woman skates while others run on a path.
in walking rope is the beach yellow The of a on its piece dog mouth. carrying	The dog is walking on the beach carrying a piece of yellow rope in its mouth.
are Four their with white over masks mouth. jumping running dogs and	Four white dogs are running and jumping with masks over their mouth.
intense a with on expression in the flames, pan on face. cook stove A his an	A pan on the stove in flames, a cook with an intense expression on his face.
and play the A grownup, child each ocean. hats, a wearing by	A child and a grownup, each wearing hats, play by the ocean.
girl. at a sand a boy flings	a boy flings sand at a girl.
A performs high-flying a boy bicycle a course. on his with trick prepared	A boy performs a high-flying trick with his bicycle on a prepared course.
boat wooden A girl wooden top past a jetty. is in paddling a a yellow	A girl in a yellow top is paddling a wooden boat past a wooden jetty.
body from of A stick dog a water. retrieves a	A dog retrieves a stick from a body of water.
away dog. from dog A another running is	A dog is running away from another dog.
A guy dogs. four walking his	A guy walking his four dogs.
riding takes on while bike A dirt someone person picture. a a	A person riding on a dirt bike while someone takes a picture.
dog through black water. a runs the	a black dog runs through the water.
tatoos ear with a with black white dog a man fetch playing with a	a man with tatoos playing fetch with a white dog with a black ear
steep park. skate a is in ramp very a A down skating skateboarder	A skateboarder is skating down a very steep ramp in a skate park.
yellow uniforms pink boy Two uniform. printed boys in in play with soccer a a blue and	Two boys in blue and yellow uniforms play soccer with a boy in a pink printed uniform.
swim sunny on Two a day. boys	Two boys swim on a sunny day.
is through pond running A a dog	A dog is running through a pond
learning assisting. person rock with how to another A person climb	A person learning how to rock climb with another person assisting.
A at ball. a batter swings	A batter swings at a ball.
This from stick water. dog the and a black white retrieving is	This black and white dog is retrieving a stick from the water.
posters. walking with people of Group	Group of people walking with posters.
legs The brown its with is black on dog beach. apart and the standing	The black and brown dog is standing with its legs apart on the beach.
dog Black sand. running across	Black dog running across sand.
soccer the prepares A team. player from tackle player to rival a	A soccer player prepares to tackle a player from the rival team.
A bubbles. blow and woman man	A man and woman blow bubbles.
camera uses another child child A as on. looks a	A child uses a camera as another child looks on.
A little swing attached tree. hanging is a a down girl from upside to	A little girl is hanging upside down from a swing attached to a tree.
grassy running players the on are Many field. football	Many football players are running on the grassy field.
themselves man woman two a the looks women while the in kitchen A at and camera. are busying	A man and two women are busying themselves in the kitchen while a woman looks at the camera.
bench hoodie wearing and a a on A in jacket park. man a is sitting	A man wearing a hoodie and jacket is sitting on a bench in a park.
children on stretches mats. do of A colored group	A group of children do stretches on colored mats.
athletic field. a a does a jacket red A maneuver boy on gymnastic grassy in	A boy in a red jacket does a gymnastic maneuver on a grassy athletic field.
A and over it. another jumping is fence is dog brown a dog chasing	A brown dog is jumping over a fence and another dog is chasing it.
Frisbee. after the the air dog in jumps The running	The dog jumps in the air running after the Frisbee.
Two water, in has foreground seagulls bird beak. on held object	Two seagulls on water, foreground bird has object held in beak.
by bull is man ring the in bull. down a A being charged	A man in a bull ring is being charged down by the bull.
the riding black surfer white wearing a wetsuit A in ocean. is a wave	A surfer wearing a black wetsuit is riding a white wave in the ocean.
run men wearing lot camouflage parking through a Two pants.	Two men run through a parking lot wearing camouflage pants.
are men soccer beach. playing a Young on	Young men are playing soccer on a beach.
down Asian with shops. street A walking man a	A man walking down a street with Asian shops.
bridge. red waving a passing are A under flags crowd people of	A crowd of people waving red flags are passing under a bridge.
playing with toy. poodles Two red a	Two poodles playing with a red toy.
black and its A stretches midair. wings bird in white	A white and black bird stretches its wings in midair.
Several background. with running dogs outside, vehicles in the two are	Several dogs are running outside, with two vehicles in the background.
dog A while watches. swims a in pool another	A dog swims in a pool while another watches.
girl life back peers and over water floats young her A jacket. in her on	A young girl floats on her back in water and peers over her life jacket.
Two the same size of different tan dogs light but are breed woods. the in running	Two light tan dogs of the same breed but different size are running in the woods.
A dog with playing woman shaggy a	A woman playing with a shaggy dog
brick tall a snowboarder jumping A building. off	A snowboarder jumping off a tall brick building.
jump performing wooden is skateboarder from bench. a A a	A skateboarder is performing a jump from a wooden bench.
a rides horse. A girl	A girl rides a horse.
looks in and through near a woman field car, A stands binoculars. a	A woman stands in a field near a car, and looks through binoculars.
and in Deer turkeys snow. the	Deer and turkeys in the snow.
pets white a family and A pony brown	A family pets a brown and white pony
on with trees. people street barren a Two walking	Two people walking on a street with barren trees.
many while in dog air a people the A catch to jumps watch. Frisbee,	A dog jumps in the air to catch a Frisbee, while many people watch.
with at internet at camera to people the Three bar. their an backs	Three people at with their backs to the camera at an internet bar.
a A of race. bike middle in dirt falling the off bike person dirt a	A person falling off a dirt bike in the middle of a dirt bike race.
dog into A black runs water. fast shallow	A black dog runs fast into shallow water.
each at dogs Two carpet. bite on other the	Two dogs bite at each other on the carpet.
and in to a labradoodle black a fence next forest. digs A snow the	A black labradoodle digs in the snow next to a fence and a forest.
group skiing down a A cross-country are skiers trail. of	A group of cross-country skiers are skiing down a trail.
boy surf a oar beach. and onto the walks out A with an of	A boy with an oar walks out of the surf and onto a beach.
brown jacket Man in leading horse black	Man in brown jacket leading black horse
little a a girl slide on at A playground. blue	A little girl on a blue slide at a playground.
in People fountain a on sunny play the day.	People play in the fountain on a sunny day.
stuffed small grinding animal. against dog A a	A small dog grinding against a stuffed animal.
of white at of front dog steps. dog snarls set black a in a A	A white dog snarls at a black dog in front of a set of steps.
hides inside cave amounts A child created a by of snow. massive	A child hides inside a cave created by massive amounts of snow.
rider in air A as bike sky with the background. the	A bike rider in the air with the sky as background.
skateboard young of jumps a down man A his flight stairs on	A young man jumps down a flight of stairs on his skateboard
boarding. man A jet	A man jet boarding.
poses like dollar A signs silver of a labelled bills. " woman shaped full sunglasses " LUCKY with suitcase and	A woman poses with sunglasses shaped like dollar signs and a silver suitcase labelled " LUCKY " full of bills.
the sitting A red on shirt woman is edge a cliff. in of a	A woman in a red shirt is sitting on the edge of a cliff.
behind. in red watches from blue ball child another a on field in the soccer boy as A uniform young kicks dressed the	A young boy dressed in a red uniform kicks the soccer ball on the field as another child in blue watches from behind.
A posing group people picture. a for of	A group of people posing for a picture.
swing. boy A in stands a girl a behind	A girl stands behind a boy in a swing.
a ice it grass is on the mountain has The background. in there and	The grass has ice on it and there is a mountain in the background.
guitar playing young chair on child the A	A young child playing guitar on the chair
map. A are area at an couple looking	A couple are looking at an area map.
a front the of at restaurant. The standing in waitress in bar	The waitress in standing in front of the bar at a restaurant.
playing a dog is white A brown wet ball. with	A wet brown dog is playing with a white ball.
snowboarder ledge. doing jump a A a off of	A snowboarder doing a jump off of a ledge.
A a running sprinkler girl young through	A young girl running through a sprinkler
from person People in as another balcony dog corridor stand walks looking	People stand in corridor looking from balcony as another person walks dog
dog plays brown the A in water. large	A large brown dog plays in the water.
the Two boys in play sand	Two boys play in the sand
a in playing are sprinkler small Two system. children	Two small children are playing in a sprinkler system.
drinks female in guy A and with hand. a	A guy and a female with drinks in hand.
child doing gymnastics A	A child doing gymnastics
car, red bridge background. person in with the a a in A	A person in a red car, with a bridge in the background.
of a in woman A man on landmark. front are and a beach posing	A woman and man are posing on a beach in front of a landmark.
the swimming watch. as others water with pool is boy squirting around playing a A him toy little in	A little boy is playing with a water squirting toy in the swimming pool as others around him watch.
woman. child A holding walks sleeping a with a man	A man holding a sleeping child walks with a woman.
child field. a A in	A child in a field.
apple. in sits an a A eating public place man	A man sits in a public place eating an apple.
a coat A green bright runs through white grass. brown field with dog and a of	A dog with a brown and white coat runs through a field of bright green grass.
beach toward a man A girl on the running	A girl running toward a man on the beach
man looks out a window. A shirtless	A shirtless man looks out a window.
race. man the lead blue and bike orange a is in in in A	A man in orange and blue is in the lead in a bike race.
the A slopes. jumping performs on a trick skier	A skier performs a jumping trick on the slopes.
sitting floor are by middle at Three on some looking men paperwork. eastern the a green wall	Three middle eastern men are sitting on the floor by a green wall looking at some paperwork.
looking funny a A at and looking father Santa. son	A father and son looking at a funny looking Santa.
young a crowd behind them smiling large with group a girls of	a group of young girls smiling with a large crowd behind them
A in a over background man going a river on his with the jump bike	A man going over a jump on his bike with a river in the background
wake-board a a that with over is water. A diving is not man surface	A man with a wake-board is diving over a surface that is not water.
piles climb suits the Two rock in bathing by ocean. women	Two women in bathing suits climb rock piles by the ocean.
outside The their woman are attention. is and man something and drawing	The man and woman are outside and something is drawing their attention.
laughing is A roller ride. coaster person on a	A person is laughing on a roller coaster ride.
tongue up dog a hanging with looking his A out. tree	A dog looking up a tree with his tongue hanging out.
hanging toward mouth dog the tongee his side his runs the camera, out of A	A dog runs toward the camera, his tongee hanging out the side of his mouth
a attempts An get ditch. ATV out of to	An ATV attempts to get out of a ditch.
girls The wearing the five water. swimsuits jump into	The five girls wearing swimsuits jump into the water.
grass. runs the dog a and brown for on black dog A white	A brown dog runs for a white and black dog on the grass.
pants the wet on red and on laying a with man ground and spot his white a A hat.	A man laying on the ground with a wet spot on his pants and a white and red hat.
goggles the wearing is pink swimming pool backstroke. The the in girl doing	The girl wearing pink goggles is in the swimming pool doing the backstroke.
her out with lawn. A leg girl a on	A girl with her leg out on a lawn.
on beach jumping an are with Two empty waves. dogs	Two dogs are jumping on an empty beach with waves.
in dog a body water. beside brown of big sniffs A gravel dog smaller a the	A big brown dog sniffs a smaller dog in the gravel beside a body of water.
on A dog grass. the plays	A dog plays on the grass.
right. climbs frame, left top tree of at rock Man at face in crack lower	Man climbs crack in rock face at top left of frame, tree at lower right.
rock climber large taking a step side up a rock the A face. of	A rock climber taking a large step up the side of a rock face.
Two other ice hockey players slide on the into each	Two hockey players slide into each other on the ice
in runs along grass. large dog fence A the black a	A large black dog runs along a fence in the grass.
each other. pushing against wrestlers Sumo	Sumo wrestlers pushing against each other.
jump. brown about dog is A to	A brown dog is about to jump.
shoulder on woman woman. another the her leaning head of A	A woman leaning her head on the shoulder of another woman.
the ball. player football A running with	A football player running with the ball.
dune. playing sand on children Four a	Four children playing on a sand dune.
the soccer the in kicks blue girl ball.	the girl in blue kicks the soccer ball.
with a brick backpacks asian street. Three down children walking	Three asian children with backpacks walking down a brick street.
the crowd team in poses field on background. with Sports	Sports team poses on field with crowd in the background.
girl stands children. other some young next her a face with painted to	a young girl with her face painted stands next to some other children.
down upside hanging A from child an adults shoulders. is	A child is hanging upside down from an adults shoulders.
hit mud the A some track. on has racer motorcycle	A motorcycle racer has hit some mud on the track.
outdoor around in tree. huge rink a skating Christmas a are People	People are skating in a outdoor rink around a huge Christmas tree.
play kids field. Some in a	Some kids play in a field.
a a girl and shirt stripe tie in A orange	A girl in a orange shirt and a stripe tie
football A game.	A football game.
" ride at children of fair. " the Frog Hopper on a A group	A group of children on the " Frog Hopper " ride at a fair.
and of A dog white stalks geese. black flock a five	A black and white dog stalks a flock of five geese.
couple at A a cute club	A cute couple at a club
in dressed players guitar white Two	Two guitar players dressed in white
picnic another. table A to from jumps boy one	A boy jumps from one picnic table to another.
steps. A skateboarder white sails over	A skateboarder sails over white steps.
A the a game. same a stick and onto dog boy hold in	A boy and a dog hold onto the same stick in a game.
a in A to child hands coat. of the his red puts a belly woman	A child puts his hands to the belly of a woman in a red coat.
a woman around grey with a a a running jumping dog course railing	a woman running around a course with a grey dog jumping a railing
lawn girls playing Two catch on a	Two girls playing catch on a lawn
insect flying white A over a flower. black-blue	A black-blue insect flying over a white flower.
A a person climbs up face. rock	A person climbs up a rock face.
arms, young his surrounded seat man holding in girl by passengers. sits in A an other airplane a	A man sits in an airplane seat holding a young girl in his arms, surrounded by other passengers.
girl little A jumping haired squirts water. through is brown of	A brown haired little girl is jumping through squirts of water.
teenagers are wooden dancing on group a of a floor.	a group of teenagers are dancing on a wooden floor.
walks man the city. A in	A man walks in the city.
in girls and pants to be pajama appear are dancing. Two	Two girls are in pajama pants and appear to be dancing.
The water on paper large colors. paints a with child	The child paints on a large paper with water colors.
young a of four middle in puppies blanket. the snuggling together	four young puppies snuggling together in the middle of a blanket.
the grass other on facing each are Two a beside dogs fence. wooden	Two dogs are facing each other on the grass beside a wooden fence.
boxing shorts man against shorts. white a and in in is man black	a man in black shorts is boxing against and man in white shorts.
an dog white of and brown obstacle. running A off	A brown and white dog running off of an obstacle.
suit child sprinkler. a bathing plays A a in in	A child in a bathing suit plays in a sprinkler.
pants cars. blue street and and wearing a while on riding man shirt, buildings a riding A bike near plaid a parked backpack flannel	A man riding a bike wearing flannel shirt, plaid pants and a blue backpack while riding on a street near buildings and parked cars.
a catch jumping to into air woman three young the ball.	three young woman jumping into the air to catch a ball.
the on grass. run Two dogs	Two dogs run on the grass.
in boy a bed. arm sleeping hospital a A young broken with	A young boy with a broken arm sleeping in a hospital bed.
a man Frisbee. sweater catching A a yellow in	A man in a yellow sweater catching a Frisbee.
car. child sits A toy plastic in a	A child sits in a plastic toy car.
rails of on industrial setting. is boy airborne in an a skateboard A above his set	A boy is airborne on his skateboard above a set of rails in an industrial setting.
stands to his in elbows dog up snow. A	A dog stands up to his elbows in snow.
of wearing sitting dress and a girl multi-print at the slide. A small a white bottom	A small girl wearing a white and multi-print dress sitting at the bottom of a slide.
playing his is man ball with with stick a at a dog the beach and	a man with a stick and ball is playing with his dog at the beach
riding a theme on are ride carnival. at a or People park	People are riding on a ride at a theme park or carnival.
through running a lot dog twigs. A of	A dog running through a lot of twigs.
of mountains. snowcapped A person the foot at hiking	A person hiking at the foot of snowcapped mountains.
man bike. flag markers A is dirt a going between on red two	A man is going between two red flag markers on a dirt bike.
poses mountain girl lake. picture and in a overlooking top a A a a bikini for on shorts	A girl in a bikini top and shorts poses for a picture on a mountain overlooking a lake.
cigarette. is a The black smoking holding a purse woman	The woman holding a black purse is smoking a cigarette.
into is a black dog swimming leaping pool. A	A black dog is leaping into a swimming pool.
A gesticulates. man	A man gesticulates.
body pale runs a A dog through of colored water.	A pale colored dog runs through a body of water.
man outside the and back A in back sun. to woman sitting	A man and woman sitting back to back outside in the sun.
dirt in a road. running on brown A boy is	A boy in brown is running on a dirt road.
A and that black of is wheelchair in person ". front in with sign crossing a park hat jacket a says brown a "	A person with a brown hat and black jacket is in a wheelchair crossing in front of a sign that says " park ".
grass. dog Black running on and brown	Black and brown dog running on grass.
A and with red flower in hat in a hat. bow-tie brown woman a a man	A man in a brown hat and bow-tie with a woman in a red flower hat.
into a for white fetch a person in a white jacket whilst and on. dog dog black a water looks and brown the throws stick to a green	a person in a green jacket throws a stick into the water for a black and white dog to fetch whilst a brown and white dog looks on.
an small is adult's upside hanging child shoulder. A down from	A small child is hanging upside down from an adult's shoulder.
jumping a at of pool water young out girl the a	a young girl jumping out of the water at a pool
jumping the is A into black ocean. shorts wearing boy	A boy wearing black shorts is jumping into the ocean.
diapers baby the middle in the young clean by floor surrounded sitting of a	a young baby sitting in the middle of the floor surrounded by clean diapers
shirt surfing. yellow a man A in	A man in a yellow shirt surfing.
the large through are Two dogs together grass. running	Two large dogs are running together through the grass.
barrel in A is a the of surfer riding wave.	A surfer is riding in the barrel of a wave.
a carving. front A large in having her woman taken of picture	A woman having her picture taken in front of a large carving.
a A boy ropes. shirt with with behind headphones red is velvet	A boy with a red shirt with headphones is behind velvet ropes.
in sitting grass. brown some is dog A long	A brown dog is sitting in some long grass.
covered hill snow climbing red and Person in parka black	Person in red and black parka climbing snow covered hill
jet takes off. small a	a small jet takes off.
a snow while mouth dog black snowy surface. a of white with on and chunk it walking A its	A black and white dog with a chunk of snow it its mouth while walking on a snowy surface.
A running in dog wet field. dry a	A wet dog running in a dry field.
area wooded track dirt in Person bike riding on	Person riding bike on dirt track in wooded area
standing grass One shade. men shirts the black on the four wearing and woman in	One woman and four men wearing black shirts standing on the grass in the shade.
wearing microphone A of holds hat. in another blue front is man who a a man	A man holds a microphone in front of another man who is wearing a blue hat.
past girl walks earphones A traffic a wearing cone.	A girl wearing earphones walks past a traffic cone.
playground. through girl a tunnel red on a A plastic climbs	A girl climbs through a red plastic tunnel on a playground.
pose young a A in formal for picture. couple	A young couple in formal pose for a picture.
child A from his head peeks some flowers. out	A child peeks his head out from some flowers.
his legs two in something mouth. dog with A up standing on	A dog standing up on two legs with something in his mouth.
running Dogs through snow.	Dogs running through snow.
sitting blue a suit in table. a top and hat dress and Victorian man a in a outside woman at A	A man in a suit and top hat and a woman in a blue Victorian dress sitting outside at a table.
fish a fish. boy points girl a caches the while at a	a boy caches a fish while a girl points at the fish.
are face. other the bite look they coloring the dogs to going like Two in with same each	Two dogs with the same coloring look like they are going to bite each other in the face.
two speaking women. man A with	A man speaking with two women.
boy A left a right looking the has a girl her her on girl a and on camera. and glass into holds	A girl holds a glass and has a girl on her right and a boy on her left looking into the camera.
Woman with on tattoo Native her and arm. red crash American helmet	Woman with red crash helmet and Native American tattoo on her arm.
to in A next a field. red cow car a parked	A red car parked next to a cow in a field.
while drink A water standing from water bottles of bicycles. chat by and their men group	A group of men chat and drink water from water bottles while standing by their bicycles.
clings A sheer cliff in man to face. red a	A man in red clings to a sheer cliff face.
snow in man the going down hill the A	A man going down the hill in the snow
is sunglasses red a woman A holding wearing a shirt shirt hands white in man outside. and with a	A man in a white shirt and sunglasses is holding hands with a woman wearing a red shirt outside.
her running along A side is on casting wall. road, shadow a a concrete the woman of	A woman is running along the side of a road, casting her shadow on a concrete wall.
water. shaking dog A off	A dog shaking off water.
large male A skateboard rides his teenager onto rock. a	A male teenager rides his skateboard onto a large rock.
skateboard on a a around in air people ramp while doing looking. his red with skateboarder trick stand is A the	A skateboarder is doing a trick in the air with his skateboard on a red ramp while people stand around looking.
chair a the street, board. on to next a sitting A on man	A man sitting on a chair on the street, next to a board.
three kids a playing fountain around	three kids playing around a fountain
next ball to colored her. bright outside A running child a with	A child running outside with a bright colored ball next to her.
in a out ditch and pulling jeep of vests Men helmets orange a	Men in helmets and orange vests pulling a jeep out of a ditch
snowboarder end female relaxing comes to day the as an A	A female snowboarder relaxing as the day comes to an end
a girls of others the and one for picture Three the kisses girls cheek. pose	Three girls pose for a picture and one of the girls kisses the others cheek.
his that glasses baby around on yellow in foam orange has man nose. arm and has a in her A	A man in glasses has his arm around a baby in orange and yellow that has foam on her nose.
crowd a in entertaining people. a A gentleman is jersey green of	A gentleman in a green jersey is entertaining a crowd of people.
through stick dog carries woods. the a A	A dog carries a stick through the woods.
admiring the paintings People on street.	People admiring paintings on the street.
in with girl swimming swinging is young A hair on a suit. a brown swing	A young girl with brown hair is swinging on a swing in a swimming suit.
Kids parents watch play in the while snow	Kids play in the snow while parents watch
older cigars. An and with couple joke glasses	An older couple with joke glasses and cigars.
two A a park pulling seated woman bench. men cart, on a stands, black of in in dress front a	A woman stands, in a black dress pulling a cart, in front of two men seated on a park bench.
dress a younger carries girl. a girl in pink A	A girl in a pink dress carries a younger girl.
A leaps greyhound in race. a	A greyhound leaps in a race.
other 2 dogs. a of Race ahead # dog few is	Race dog # 2 is ahead of a few other dogs.
stage. dances a A on girl	A girl dances on a stage.
woods. snowy around in A dog runs the	A dog runs around in the snowy woods.
a forest. a jacket person large rock in a climbs blue dark A in	A person in a blue jacket climbs a large rock in a dark forest.
microphone. a A plays man a a sweater into young in black trumpet	A young man in a black sweater plays a trumpet into a microphone.
near railing set A person a the walks of steps. brick down	A person walks down the brick railing near a set of steps.
and of in a rug A dog brown sunlight. white area patch red a small lines on	A small brown and white dog lines on a red area rug in a patch of sunlight.
A through water. running dog	A dog running through water.
crowd front performing A spectators. a of stunt of snowboarder in is a	A snowboarder is performing a stunt in front of a crowd of spectators.
it person over jumps riding is an A obstacle. a as horse	A person is riding a horse as it jumps over an obstacle.
riding cyclists with gear of helmets. in Group	Group of cyclists in riding gear with helmets.
a Frisbee. brown, white black, A carrying and is dog	A black, brown, and white dog is carrying a Frisbee.
are square. standing Many a bundled in public up people	Many bundled up people are standing in a public square.
Wilbert. mysterious called looks A a a a red man company blue truck shirt and for in	A man looks mysterious in a blue shirt and a red truck for a company called Wilbert.
girl wearing blue young a smiles.	a young girl wearing blue smiles.
pool. A girl in young a	A young girl in a pool.
street winter time. in market Chinese the	Chinese market street in the winter time.
suburban a a children area. near Man bench with in	Man with children near a bench in a suburban area.
around the is water. in splashing dog A black and white	A black and white dog is splashing around in the water.
racquet. tennis in is player the ball A her orange with striking	A tennis player in orange is striking the ball with her racquet.
and drum. a Three cameras people on sitting with are a table picnic along two	Three people are sitting on a picnic table along with two cameras and a drum.
doing on An ramp. jump a inline skater a	An inline skater doing a jump on a ramp.
elderly their and a to standing woman one staring left. on Two elderly men sidewalk	Two elderly men and one elderly woman standing on a sidewalk staring to their left.
A on beach. the girl small smiling	A small girl smiling on the beach.
line and traffic of in in are Many all people a jeeps. are	Many people are in a line of traffic and all are in jeeps.
sweater at The kid a playground red the on. has	The kid at the playground has a red sweater on.
plays snow A in long-haired brown the dog	A brown long-haired dog plays in the snow
a obstacle. through is A dog jumping fiery	A dog is jumping through a fiery obstacle.
gym. is young green in running a shirt girl A a in	A young girl in a green shirt is running in a gym.
of sand along into posts wooden the on a tops beach. walking set Girl	Girl walking along the tops of wooden posts set into sand on a beach.
him. the on a beside person napping ground with a his standing eyes A with man over shirt	A man napping on the ground with a shirt over his eyes with a person standing beside him.
weights. boy small A holding some is	A small boy is holding some weights.
hat. and sunglasses a wears man a	a man wears sunglasses and a hat.
two riding the down biek street. tandom motorcyclists a on	two motorcyclists riding tandom on a biek down the street.
orange and an shirt the man yellow shirt air. in a in jump A man a in	A man in a yellow shirt and a man in an orange shirt jump in the air.
man surfing	man surfing
a ruins Two children of building. the within	Two children within the ruins of a building.
boy into water. in a swimsuit jumping A	A boy in a swimsuit jumping into water.
a is boy hole large over in jumping the A ground.	A boy is jumping over a large hole in the ground.
holding is onto toddler brown edge garden. haired the a flower of The pot in a	The brown haired toddler is holding onto the edge of a flower pot in a garden.
of water A the a in young at bottom bikini pink slide. girl a laughs	A young girl in a pink bikini laughs at the bottom of a water slide.
at Man top dusk. a standing mountain of the at	Man standing at the top of a mountain at dusk.
a young A in a flag uniform a of with boy playing football. game football blue while running	A young boy in a blue uniform running with a football while playing a game of flag football.
a skating race. Speedskater	Speedskater skating a race.
by standing of Four the are steps brick teenagers some foot at a wall.	Four teenagers are standing at the foot of some steps by a brick wall.
characters. man a chinese paints	a man paints chinese characters.
piercing tongue a Young to man him stands woman shows his next while	Young man shows his tongue piercing while a woman stands next to him
sits side iPod A of building. holding and on a wearing girl an an hat the	A girl wearing an hat and holding an iPod sits on the side of a building.
in splashing blue little a inflatable A pool. boy	A little boy splashing in a blue inflatable pool.
Blonde looks lady Space Needle at	Blonde lady looks at Space Needle
through walking a are young park. children Two	Two young children are walking through a park.
a limb. tree crouched on child standing A	A child standing crouched on a tree limb.
field ball up Dog dried with playing in	Dog playing with ball in dried up field
ground a dog digging hole the up A in air. is its blonde the in is tail and deep	A blonde dog is digging a deep hole in the ground and its tail is up in the air.
a young flowers bright in dress yellow yellow girl a by surrounded	a young girl in a bright yellow dress surrounded by yellow flowers
dusk. trees people Several are near at standing	Several people are standing near trees at dusk.
tan a down young plastic girl slide sliding a	a young girl sliding down a tan plastic slide
in air through a ladder the room, with in A a person step it. falls	A person falls through the air in a room, with a step ladder in it.
on limb. Woman tree hangs	Woman hangs on tree limb.
nose mask. girl wears funny a pink A in	A girl in pink wears a funny nose mask.
cross walking in skier bank snowy with trees background a the a lone	a lone skier walking cross a snowy bank with trees in the background
Two side on of the barge men a	Two men on the side of a barge
a with sewing working glasses Woman machine. at	Woman with glasses working at a sewing machine.
holding with baby woman priest	woman holding baby with priest
and holding breath. child underwater A man a in their pool swimming	A man and child underwater in a swimming pool holding their breath.
river. small a child through a carrying A is woman	A woman is carrying a child through a small river.
horses are Two girls riding fence. a white within young	Two young girls are riding horses within a white fence.
on water concrete are ledge. Four hanging to the in boys	Four boys in water are hanging on to the concrete ledge.
on shaking water beach. a Two dogs off droplets	Two dogs shaking off water droplets on a beach.
pants drill group are of a t-shirts in white men in yard. camouflage A and running	A group of men in camouflage pants and white t-shirts are running in a drill yard.
the man on beach a stroller. Fat with	Fat man on the beach with a stroller.
trunks A in a swim baby and hat. tiny blue	A tiny baby in swim trunks and a blue hat.
speeds on her scooter. girl by a	a girl speeds by on her scooter.
catches pink in Brown the park. a ball dog	Brown dog catches a pink ball in the park.
hockey. men of group A play field	A group of men play field hockey.
a A dog a path, of on the black running midst in field	A black dog running on a path, in the midst of a field
black is man holding shirt A wearing a a child sunglasses. in	A man in a black shirt is holding a child wearing sunglasses.
up The jumping dog a beside wall. is red	The dog is jumping up beside a red wall.
people walking down Two some stairs.	Two people walking down some stairs.
bubbles child outside. blows A	A child blows bubbles outside.
smiling two woman standing each to next other	two woman smiling standing next to each other
pirate dressed and A young boy running. as a	A young boy dressed as a pirate and running.
city group A a of chatting plaza. people small in is	A small group of people is chatting in a city plaza.
a down skis mountain. A person snowy	A person skis down a snowy mountain.
the smokestacks the air man a with four-wheeled in on horizon. to attached A a parachute in cart sun-setting	A man in the air in a four-wheeled cart attached to a parachute with smokestacks on the sun-setting horizon.
with red in shirt red rope. a rappelling waterfall A man a a down	A man in a red shirt rappelling down a waterfall with a red rope.
Adult man toddler. holds	Adult man holds toddler.
a motorcycle on pops dirt. A man the wheelie a in	A man on a motorcycle pops a wheelie in the dirt.
in points Kid tongue out jacket	Kid in jacket points tongue out
a the in beard playing foreground A man with bagpipes	A man with a beard in the foreground playing bagpipes
talking a woman book on walks with cellphone. a while A	A woman walks with a book while talking on a cellphone.
jumping dog shorts in man hand in his a to a get with stick the	a man in shorts with a dog jumping to get the stick in his hand
ahead boy people. a run of a and of group A dog	A boy and a dog run ahead of a group of people.
grinding a lip. skateboarder A	A skateboarder grinding a lip.
Two through a walk them. with climbers behind mountain snowy mountains pass	Two mountain climbers walk through a pass with snowy mountains behind them.
and water. playing muddy in around splashing boys Two	Two boys playing and splashing around in muddy water.
is ball racquet. dressed a hitting tennis american in woman with orange a african An	An african american woman dressed in orange is hitting a tennis ball with a racquet.
return Tennis lunges ball. Rafael to a champ Nadal	Tennis champ Rafael Nadal lunges to return a ball.
the water. jump into people seven	seven people jump into the water.
a a dog pond. brown dog swimming in watching tan A	A tan dog watching a brown dog swimming in a pond.
a playground. by on in skateboard child a plays a helmet A	A child in a helmet plays on a skateboard by a playground.
a in a is of man rowing canoe body A water.	A man is rowing a canoe in a body of water.
in his little mouth up a has sign throwing his boy pacifier a hand. with A and	A little boy has a pacifier in his mouth and throwing up a sign with his hand.
powder a hillside located A is in a the over deep snowboarder woods. jump making with	A snowboarder is making a jump over a hillside with deep powder located in the woods.
in strips girls on a sports Two soccer playing field. are	Two girls in soccer strips are playing on a sports field.
restaurant. eating Many people in crowded a are	Many people are eating in a crowded restaurant.
the in small yard. white play Two dogs	Two small white dogs play in the yard.
beside its legs path. the white on and standing is dog The brown hind	The brown and white dog is standing on its hind legs beside the path.
into a jumping cliff man the off a ocean rocky	a man jumping off a rocky cliff into the ocean
through A the dog water. splashes	A dog splashes through the water.
snow the a kneeling small dog. a attaching A harness tan woman in on	A woman kneeling in the snow attaching a harness on a small tan dog.
tan catch a dog up jumps A tennis ball. to	A tan dog jumps up to catch a tennis ball.
road. stand Three a along people main	Three people stand along a main road.
A wearing man young outside a is standing jacket. black denim	A young man is standing outside wearing a black denim jacket.
area. wooded a path gravel walking jacket in pink in a down girl A young a	A young girl in a pink jacket walking down a gravel path in a wooded area.
and path, dogs the Several lead. in are running two down cement a with brown dirt ones	Several dogs are running down a cement and dirt path, with two brown ones in the lead.
while man band plays in pants jumping is A music. blue	A man in blue pants is jumping while band plays music.
a dog hurdle. A over leaping black	A black dog leaping over a hurdle.
disc yard. The holding and black pink green brown on is a dog a	The brown and black dog is holding a pink disc on a green yard.
snowboarding in bench. green a man on A dressed	A man dressed in green snowboarding on a bench.
player. basketball A Miami	A Miami basketball player.
red of large are group ring. people playing a A with	A group of people are playing with a large red ring.
children looking photographer. A and at women of crowd the	A crowd of women and children looking at the photographer.
A car occured station. at a a gas red explosion near large	A large explosion occured near a red car at a gas station.
skateboard. does boy skateboards jump and another A over a	A boy skateboards and does a jump over another skateboard.
snowy mountains on the some standing with background. person a large rocks lone in	a lone person standing on some rocks with large snowy mountains in the background.
ahead A man range. in while standing mountain looking is the at a hiking path	A man is standing looking at the path ahead while hiking in a mountain range.
The sets dirt the distance. man the sun in on sat the as bike	The man sat on the dirt bike as the sun sets in the distance.
children The laughing. six are	The six children are laughing.
a little tube A while out yellow of a dog white runs along clapping. man runs	A little white dog runs out of a yellow tube while a man runs along clapping.
sheep the Young in grass.	Young sheep in the grass.
and boy two camels. A girl seperate on ride a	A boy and a girl ride on two seperate camels.
the A water. a jumps dock and off wooden young of into boy	A young boy jumps off of a wooden dock and into the water.
plays the brown snow. in A dog	A brown dog plays in the snow.
are playing fort. a homemade in children Two	Two children are playing in a homemade fort.
There shirt a a blue jumping boy blue shorts in and grass. in the is	There is a boy in blue shorts and a blue shirt jumping in the grass.
wearing a shirt young park. boy a blue is at A playing	A young boy wearing a blue shirt is playing at a park.
a bar grassy Brown dog jumping a on over field.	Brown dog jumping over a bar on a grassy field.
players cricket in their sticks Two the holding air.	Two cricket players holding their sticks in the air.
The the through sun. in dog is running grass the	The dog is running through the grass in the sun.
the brown are dark The and green running dog in brown grass. dog light	The light brown dog and dark brown dog are running in the green grass.
running A dog racing professional	A professional racing dog running
air bicyclist A some catches	A bicyclist catches some air
next a is the The girl pink top girl black top. wearing and in to Asian striped the grey walking	The Asian girl wearing a pink and black striped top is walking next to the girl in the grey top.
group playing. of A folding sitting chairs on and children	A group of children sitting on folding chairs and playing.
with small A playing is grass. and dog brown white the sprinkler the in	A small brown and white dog is playing with the sprinkler in the grass.
people Two water jetty. end out a the wooden at of are into looking the	Two people are looking out into the water at the end of a wooden jetty.
grassy dogs a across small pursuing ball Two a field.	Two small dogs pursuing a ball across a grassy field.
A man is parade. smiling participating while in a	A man is smiling while participating in a parade.
hat smiling. man wearing a black shirt is The and and	The man is wearing a black shirt and hat and smiling.
running wall. a guys Two along	Two guys running along a wall.
to into while boy jumping catch ball pool. tries a a A	A boy tries to catch a ball while jumping into a pool.
at A security sign. points a guard	A security guard points at a sign.
running red dogs ball a wiener on are carrying little the them. Two grass between	Two little wiener dogs are running on the grass carrying a red ball between them.
and city skate in a a a man black is red making jump bicycle park.	a man is making a red and black bicycle jump in a city skate park.
blue with in person A appears a custom the and a pants jacket snowboard. in air black light	A person in a black jacket and light blue pants appears in the air with a custom snowboard.
sign. person is in a festival World with That the water	That person is in the water with a World festival sign.
hug. dogs or wrestle Two	Two dogs wrestle or hug.
while person working is computer A a sitting people at wait.	A person is sitting at a computer working while people wait.
art practices morning. man the his in early home kicking young in of front a martial A skill	A young man practices a martial art kicking skill in front of his home in the early morning.
a does in air. bike the rider A trick	A bike rider does a trick in the air.
rides inflatable pulled tube boat. a an woman by A	A woman rides an inflatable tube pulled by a boat.
its a shaking dog tan body	a tan dog shaking its body
plants, holding huddle one field bundle. in leaf of Girls	Girls huddle in field of plants, one holding leaf bundle.
a rock is in person forest. climbing A a	A person is climbing a rock in a forest.
piled icy blonde way snow up his on stream with sides. the up A dog makes an	A blonde dog makes his way up an icy stream with snow piled up on the sides.
on couple wedding A pose their day.	A couple pose on their wedding day.
over catch man A cap and leaps dog to in Frisbee. orange a white a	A dog leaps over a man in a white cap to catch and orange Frisbee.
in water. hugging Two kids playfully shallow are	Two kids are hugging playfully in shallow water.
a kangaroo in pet the women Two baby park.	Two women pet a baby kangaroo in the park.
lawn. walks boy the through a	a boy walks through the lawn.
owner stoll for grass. Dog out the while nudges a in	Dog nudges owner while out for a stoll in the grass.
distribute men condoms. young Two Obama	Two young men distribute Obama condoms.
a playing. is little Man basketball girl a beer where throws holding a	Man holding a beer throws a basketball where a little girl is playing.
off. dogs water shaking Two are	Two dogs are shaking water off.
get on over leash wall. a A to a dog tries rock	A dog on a leash tries to get over a rock wall.
hiking of a A to top person hill. the is	A person is hiking to the top of a hill.
a assisting of An is the child act adult ice-skating. in	An adult is assisting a child in the act of ice-skating.
of Two running water on along are the sand body dogs	Two dogs are running on sand along the body of water
man matching and have a woman tattoos.	a man and woman have matching tattoos.
family in baby a surrounds lap. A father's the	A family surrounds a baby in the father's lap.
and of store. stand a woman in record with sunglasses A hair hair dirty dark front blonde with a man and	A woman with dirty blonde hair and sunglasses and a man with dark hair stand in front of a record store.
young rock climbing is This man	This young man is rock climbing
not little seems tricycle wearing to a on be baby any A clothes.	A little baby on a tricycle seems to not be wearing any clothes.
over small brown black large jumps dog. A a dog	A large brown dog jumps over a small black dog.
a dog on dune. a of man A taking a picture	A man taking a picture of a dog on a dune.
the a camel. Two hump on girls ride of	Two girls ride on the hump of a camel.
the The crowd. with in shirt front the is of lady young red	The young lady with the red shirt is in front of the crowd.
course. dog runs obstacle red furred on an A	A red furred dog runs on an obstacle course.
a " a GIGOLO reception shirt young in A desk. " at man	A young man in a " GIGOLO " shirt at a reception desk.
river. side diving by are into side a Two children	Two children are diving side by side into a river.
a jump. off the snow jumps snowboarder	a snowboarder jumps off the snow jump.
dog street the runs small the onto dirt from A	A small dog runs from the dirt onto the street
line at to getting runners ready the starting are Two race.	Two runners are at the starting line getting ready to race.
leg, least one a boy, a sticking one and arm out. on both with at man standing is There	There is a man and a boy, both standing on one leg, with at least one arm sticking out.
A is the through running snow. brown dog	A brown dog is running through the snow.
small the swing. children, a Two one holding other on child smiling,	Two smiling, small children, one child holding the other on a swing.
walking on over bridge a water. People	People walking on a bridge over water.
sliding A into pool girl a	A girl sliding into a pool
young A her over dark with girl hands her haired raised head.	A young dark haired girl with her hands raised over her head.
men in participating reenactment war a civil sveral	sveral men participating in a civil war reenactment
hat A and a woman black wearing lips red sweater smiling white waving. with is	A smiling woman with red lips wearing a white sweater and black hat is waving.
with dog skis standing Person a in the and snow. are	Person with skis and a dog are standing in the snow.
play dogs Three in together the water.	Three dogs play together in the water.
is The wall. the dog small brown leaping over brick	The small brown dog is leaping over the brick wall.
A only to a man how back demonstrates with ground. on the ride wheel bicycle the	A man demonstrates how to ride a bicycle with only the back wheel on the ground.
rope. A girl jumping small	A small girl jumping rope.
a dog pond. the jumps into	a dog jumps into the pond.
handstand A beach. edge the a child does at a of	A child does a handstand at the edge of a beach.
A group group at another people talking the taped wall. photographs looking and of to	A group of people talking and another group looking at photographs taped to the wall.
A front building a of by white man a an driveway in playing accordion. sits	A man sits by a driveway in front of a white building playing an accordion.
orange White biting dog cat.	White dog biting orange cat.
a grassy large Two large playing dogs in area. are	Two large dogs are playing in a large grassy area.
dog with the A each tri-colored other road. dog playing and a black on	A black dog and a tri-colored dog playing with each other on the road.
of two with giant ice cream place, outside decorated Group innertubes. cone,	Group outside of ice cream place, decorated with giant cone, two innertubes.
in on mountain A gear hand. standing with photographer is a	A photographer is standing on a mountain with gear in hand.
walking ant's-eye-view street a of people along An	An ant's-eye-view of people walking along a street
that is The to the Frisbee air. runs blue grab the kid little through flying	The little kid runs to grab the blue Frisbee that is flying through the air.
makes an goalie a amazing save.	a goalie makes an amazing save.
a Two fenced dogs area. running around in are in	Two dogs are running around in a fenced in area.
white are Sheperd dog A and playing a German small	A German Sheperd and a small white dog are playing
jumping spotted and white dog water. stream small of is black the A over	A black and white spotted dog is jumping over the small stream of water.
the a hospital. A man in girl for plays guitar	A man plays guitar for a girl in the hospital.
from a Eastern Basketball two for player shot. between defenders goes	Basketball player from Eastern goes between two defenders for a shot.
his on of edge line. standing while casting Man stream fishing	Man standing on edge of stream while casting his fishing line.
A sells fruit. man	A man sells fruit.
A boy tilted young a child's forward swing. in	A young boy tilted forward in a child's swing.
her lake in a hair whipping A from girl water	A girl whipping water from her hair in a lake
and mouth. in ball with grass black is the white dog brown in his The a	The black and white dog is in the brown grass with a ball in his mouth.
a A football little bag punching girl field. on a pounces	A little girl pounces a punching bag on a football field.
park hat straw a old in on sits bench. An a man	An old man in a straw hat sits on a park bench.
woman practice. at target shoots A	A woman shoots at target practice.
through sand to to running get the ocean. little the Two kids are	Two little kids are running through the sand to get to the ocean.
through walks green trees A pink in tulips, field blonde and with in front of shoulder-high a house a the woman small distance.	A blonde woman walks through shoulder-high pink tulips, in front of a green field with a small house and trees in the distance.
pink in her lies the girl a back shirt A on grass. in	A girl in a pink shirt lies on her back in the grass.
a other. each to talking in young Two lake girls	Two young girls in a lake talking to each other.
camera. looking is older An with off glasses man	An older man with glasses is looking off camera.
drum are of air. standing shirt on Man people the in that holding a top without	Man without shirt standing on top of a drum that people are holding in the air.
lawn. A in pugs group of a	A group of pugs in a lawn.
a jump to dogs black pool in hand.	black dogs jump in pool to a hand.
rock a ponytail wall a climbing with a woman	a woman with a ponytail climbing a rock wall
seat a beam. construction a workers steel on take Two	Two construction workers take a seat on a steel beam.
past uses men, young ". Two large a " stars sign to that walk orange HELL one smoking, spell	Two young men, one smoking, walk past a large sign that uses orange stars to spell " HELL ".
a colored scaling rock is face. reddish a climber	a climber is scaling a reddish colored rock face.
fence. Children look a through	Children look through a fence.
person a off A jumping on over ramp crowd. bike a a	A person jumping off a ramp on a bike over a crowd.
A and woman metal structure. assemble a man	A man and woman assemble a metal structure.
air mountain. a in the snowy A snowboarder over	A snowboarder in the air over a snowy mountain.
little A boy slide. a slides red down	A little boy slides down a red slide.
butt white sniffing of golden a the dog dog A large	A large golden dog sniffing the butt of a white dog
Some classic them. admiring front cars of people park old in	Some old people admiring classic cars park in front of them.
and Dog running jumping bars. high	Dog running and jumping high bars.
runs along grass. dog A tan the	A tan dog runs along the grass.
the in trotted white The snow. dog	The white dog trotted in the snow.
himself waves several of on ocean, shore the in. dog steadies A rocky brown the with coming	A brown dog steadies himself on the rocky shore of the ocean, with several waves coming in.
looking a Two in off-camera. people field	Two people in a field looking off-camera.
camera a the street. while large standing A using in woman	A woman using a large camera while standing in the street.
dressed soccer referee. play six A boy are kicks a others ball but as young while	A young boy kicks a soccer ball while six others play but are dressed as referee.
" group spell A carry that of pink people ". letters impeach	A group of people carry pink letters that spell " impeach ".
walk. people bicycle other Man on rides as	Man rides on bicycle as other people walk.
bike midair. person is in a A on	A person is on a bike in midair.
lays the a on A on mattress dog porch.	A dog lays on a mattress on the porch.
holds green a little boy on the bucket A beach.	A little boy holds a green bucket on the beach.
blonde in ball catching a in is the dog A snow. mouth its	A blonde dog is catching a ball in its mouth in the snow.
talk volleyball players the together on and sand. Two beach walk	Two beach volleyball players walk and talk together on the sand.
The blue has dog collar black on. a	The black dog has a blue collar on.
black A action soccer red players photo uniforms. in and shot-on-goal of	A shot-on-goal action photo of soccer players in red and black uniforms.
he the crowd tennis watches. watches the as ball A flying, go player hit	A player watches the tennis ball he hit go flying, as the crowd watches.
shade. style in gelled Mohawk man sitting the in A a hair with	A man with gelled hair in a Mohawk style sitting in the shade.
young standing A some front child of in is trees.	A young child is standing in front of some trees.
A man playing a arcade is in game. blue at an fishing	A man in blue at an arcade is playing a fishing game.
Four with in various on people court a background. men the basketball playing	Four men playing basketball on a court with various people in the background.
over a and A leaping rail. Sheltie brown white	A brown and white Sheltie leaping over a rail.
tennis. as Girl down for waiting ball the she plays to is come	Girl is waiting for the ball to come down as she plays tennis.
building smoking rail a in by front a Two of men standing while	Two men smoking while standing by a rail in front of a building
outside train. the Newlyweds stand in	Newlyweds stand outside in the train.
young A yellow girl a shirt wearing tree swings rope. on a	A young girl wearing a yellow shirt swings on a tree rope.
A the helmet shirt, a a wearing on and boy in bike. no air	A boy wearing a helmet and no shirt, in the air on a bike.
sit tile. people benches orange on white set Three on wood and	Three people sit on wood benches set on white and orange tile.
floaters in swimwear boy girl arm and and A	A boy and girl in swimwear and arm floaters
The on is a a skateboard. helmeted stunt boy doing	The helmeted boy is doing a stunt on a skateboard.
finger. some in hat on her A sort has insect a of girl	A girl in a hat has some sort of insect on her finger.
brown dog the running into white A and water	A brown and white dog running into the water
baseball two uniforms, at in These a base. play people making are	These two people are in baseball uniforms, making a play at base.
soccer of a bottle A a drinking water. field man sitting on	A man sitting on a soccer field drinking a bottle of water.
white shallow walking is water. with through dog spots brown The	The white dog with brown spots is walking through shallow water.
in shirt doorway wearing The girl outstretched. pink is with arm her the standing striped the	The girl wearing the pink striped shirt is standing in the doorway with her arm outstretched.
A statue. group are a of children near playing	A group of children are playing near a statue.
get the in washed puppies few A tub.	A few puppies get washed in the tub.
The a cigarette scruffy smokes a street. man busy on young	The scruffy young man smokes a cigarette on a busy street.
cavorts A on road. the child	A child cavorts on the road.
mask black A a white and dog is face a in field. with its running on	A black and white dog with a mask on its face is running in a field.
up Two walkers. them black hats, glasses, jackets, for open leather in and men	Two men in black leather jackets, glasses, and hats, open them up for walkers.
are Two coffee house. a people of outside standing	Two people are standing outside of a coffee house.
embrace uniform Football players in one another.	Football players in uniform embrace one another.
close in beach. the to boys ocean are the Two laying	Two boys are laying in the ocean close to the beach.
photo of A platform chilly on train a day. a	A photo of a train platform on a chilly day.
in in sand. sits and cap black the woman outfit a A	A woman in a black cap and outfit sits in the sand.
woman. another paint and red A a face woman at hat wearing smiles	A woman wearing a red hat and face paint smiles at another woman.
field. a running in and white Two dogs black	Two black and white dogs running in a field.
black in A dog his dumbbell has mouth. a	A black dog has a dumbbell in his mouth.
into water a man a at sunset. the fishing line casting lone	a lone man casting a fishing line into the water at sunset.
taking at the is The notes man table.	The man is taking notes at the table.
looking man A camera. at surprised the	A man looking surprised at the camera.
large the office an A to standing next background. in fountain, building with boy	A boy standing next to large fountain, with an office building in the background.
a nose and of a with man closeup shirt picture ring a brown	closeup picture of a man with a nose ring and a brown shirt
Two dogs a room in a play house. in big	Two big dogs play in a room in a house.
in field. young A walking a grassy is boy	A young boy is walking in a grassy field.
protection fatigues in on dressed ear their military stomachs personnel laying shooting and guns.	military personnel dressed in fatigues and ear protection laying on their stomachs shooting guns.
in dogs Two snow. the together play large	Two large dogs play together in the snow.
A has as a rugby towards try scored black top a him. are running player colored in players wearing the	A rugby player wearing a colored top has scored a try as the players in black are running towards him.
a Two women picture for bedroom. a in pose	Two women pose for a picture in a bedroom.
the air. out children, Four yard, in into leap a	Four children, out in a yard, leap into the air.
to white A jump the on tries counter. dog	A white dog tries to jump on the counter.
sitting man a hat. is edge wearing a pillar of There old on the an concrete	There is an old man sitting on the edge of a concrete pillar wearing a hat.
at that black toy is Two are dogs orange between an tugging them.	Two black dogs are tugging at an orange toy that is between them.
shirt man white a wearing riding blue a hat horse. is and A	A man wearing a blue hat and shirt is riding a white horse.
dogs Three ocean. the entering	Three dogs entering the ocean.
a sweater a yellow dog with man a field black a playing wearing in grassy	a man wearing a yellow sweater playing with a black dog in a grassy field
red A in playing an a woman dress instrument.	A woman in a red dress playing an instrument.
on in a jump guy is The gray pants skateboard. completing his	The guy in gray pants is completing a jump on his skateboard.
on a road traveler snowy A	A traveler on a snowy road
a on field. cricket People playing	People playing cricket on a field.
man blazer A billboard and sign. glasses front a in stands a of wearing	A man wearing glasses and a blazer stands in front of a billboard sign.
through A grass. dog the brown runs	A brown dog runs through the grass.
talks sits, in kitchen. family and works, the A	A family sits, works, and talks in the kitchen.
partially jeep submerged old in water An	An old jeep partially submerged in water
A and the tree-lined water leaps dog brown in yard. a grassy over	A brown dog leaps over the water in a grassy and tree-lined yard.
guitar a in A money. plays man purple for	A man in purple plays a guitar for money.
red something a a yellow down eating past is sign. and and walking big A man sidewalk	A man is eating something and walking down a sidewalk past a big red and yellow sign.
little upside Someone a hanging down. holding girl	Someone holding a little girl hanging upside down.
into Two swimming blue black jump dogs a pool.	Two black dogs jump into a blue swimming pool.
grass. the on woman down on A lies sitting couch old an	A woman lies down on an old couch sitting on the grass.
hard and A hats in while a picture. people takes group look one of stand at something	A group of people in hard hats stand and look at something while one takes a picture.
in A golden a dog long has its mouth. stick	A golden dog has a long stick in its mouth.
a with hand. underwater little his swimming boy in toy A	A little boy swimming underwater with a toy in his hand.
run the one while dogs field bites Two a grassy along other.	Two dogs run along a grassy field while one bites the other.
dog catch a prepares field a A thrown in nearby object with cars. to	A dog prepares to catch a thrown object in a field with nearby cars.
the diving high into board child off pool. jumps A a	A child jumps off a high diving board into the pool.
its on mouth. a a carrying beach ball in dog black A	A black dog on a beach carrying a ball in its mouth.
traffic. bike man A near riding a	A man riding a bike near traffic.
what A of toy is a front airplane holding in a boy like colorful monster. toy blond hair looks	A blond hair boy holding a toy airplane is in front of what looks like a colorful toy monster.
wooden group at table. A sit children of six a	A group of six children sit at a wooden table.
stand fruit A dressed colorful blue standing in a vegetable of and man in front	A man dressed in blue standing in front of a colorful fruit and vegetable stand
tricycles ride the street. Three their down kids	Three kids ride their tricycles down the street.
jumping on a grass tuft of pathway. skinny dirt is over A brown a dog	A brown skinny dog is jumping over a tuft of grass on a dirt pathway.
of Man with himself by a bottle a water. sitting on pier	Man sitting by himself on a pier with a bottle of water.
trick ramp performing a man bicycle. a The off a with is	The man is performing a trick off a ramp with a bicycle.
sitting man on is poles. wooden near The rail a fishing two	The man is sitting on a wooden rail near two fishing poles.
A a a red man sporting in picture event. of takes dressed	A man dressed in red takes a picture of a sporting event.
outdoor a bends look at leash a bin sale. in pug rummage man A the an down to of holding	A man holding the leash of a pug bends down to look in a bin at an outdoor rummage sale.
touches long his hands A ground the background. in to with a hill boy the skateboarding	A skateboarding boy touches his hands to the ground with a long hill in the background.
upset. the and match A ended loser wrestling just is	A wrestling match just ended and the loser is upset.
climbs vehicle on a rocks near A forest.	A vehicle climbs on rocks near a forest.
white A and spotted is dog. black dog a and gray white circling	A black and white spotted dog is circling a gray and white dog.
on stopped women street at a Two are a television.	Two women on a street are stopped at a television.
at park. another the follows boy One	One boy follows another at the park.
group game. school basketball high players of a play A	A group of high school basketball players play a game.
running dog paved pathway a down brown a	a brown dog running down a paved pathway
watches. man video another a makes while A	A man makes a video while another watches.
on trampoline. A a flips child	A child flips on a trampoline.
onlookers. harness a is A in child with	A child is in a harness with onlookers.
woman joke next and Santa tree christmas wearing the drink while disguise a glasses. to wine	Santa and a woman drink wine next to the christmas tree while wearing joke disguise glasses.
crashing rides surfer A the waves.	A surfer rides the crashing waves.
a wave. in big a wetsuit A surfing black is man on	A man in a black wetsuit is surfing on a big wave.
in stands getting party wedding A their the taken. church picture	A wedding party stands in the church getting their picture taken.
a behind on bike. A a bench is sitting man	A man is sitting on a bench behind a bike.
dog A ball. black fighting dog a a over soccer and are black	A black dog and a black dog are fighting over a soccer ball.
in woman standing of is a house. group in a front beside blue of children built stone a jeans	a woman in blue jeans is standing in front of a group of children beside a stone built house.
on watching. on a with people a stage sit a A of crowd panel group	A group of people sit on a panel on a stage with a crowd watching.
away on camera ground dog moving running brown a and the background from toward Beige in man camera.	Beige dog running toward camera on brown ground and a man in the background moving away from camera.
jumps a dog surfboard A of	A dog jumps of a surfboard
dog leash. and on tan a small A black	A small black and tan dog on a leash.
a stick. A biting the is dog across water onto swimming	A dog is swimming across the water biting onto a stick.
man a A bridge. a jumping under skateboard with	A man jumping with a skateboard under a bridge.
wall. arm tattoo a near her A stands on woman a blond with	A blond woman with a tattoo on her arm stands near a wall.
a cat leg. his front Closeup image of licking	Closeup image of a cat licking his front leg.
a snowy ski. down lone on skier a mountain one skiing	a lone skier skiing down a snowy mountain on one ski.
A field. tan in leaping a dog grassy	A tan dog leaping in a grassy field.
fire. sitting around a Three people	Three people sitting around a fire.
Muzzled greyhounds track. are a along racing dog	Muzzled greyhounds are racing along a dog track.
family snack, window. Young a shown a through eating	Young family eating a snack, shown through a window.
poses jewelry of against with man clothes brick A wall. punk and a rock a lot	A man with a lot of jewelry and punk rock clothes poses against a brick wall.
track. are around Two racing circular a motorcyclists	Two motorcyclists are racing around a circular track.
the posing for group of people grass. A on a picture	A group of people posing for a picture on the grass.
path. Several rocky along hikers walking a	Several hikers walking along a rocky path.
Two boys at are squirting each guns water other.	Two boys are squirting water guns at each other.
woman looking window. A a sits a out in cafe,	A woman sits in a cafe, looking out a window.
The in look the and pink seated man are looking both a outfit girl young away.	The young girl in a pink outfit and the seated man both look are looking away.
in the girls young Two concerned. look street and asian stand	Two young asian girls stand in the street and look concerned.
in swim of The two in two to t-shirts pretend front people blue doors.	The two people in t-shirts pretend to swim in front of two blue doors.
of busy in a the group plaza. races a fountain standing from children many are of	a group of children from many races are standing in the fountain of a busy plaza.
A bald a at carnival. prizes bearded carrying a man man and	A bearded man and a bald man carrying prizes at a carnival.
large man a blowing A bubble.	A man blowing a large bubble.
whilst climber the overlooking way rock her on climber on the ocean One is is sitting another up.	One climber is sitting on the rock overlooking the ocean whilst another climber is on her way up.
arms around one another. young boys their Two with	Two young boys with their arms around one another.
man the of underhang grips A a rock.	A man grips the underhang of a rock.
bright while carrying in a girl pavement box. or walking little A green is on bag	A little girl in bright green is walking on pavement while carrying a bag or box.
dark in a a wetsuit man wave. caught A by is	A man in a dark wetsuit is caught by a wave.
the across a runs dog path.	a dog runs across the path.
a hikes man huge up A mountain.	A man hikes up a huge mountain.
group sit half children pipe. A a skateboard of on	A group of children sit on a skateboard half pipe.
A a hangs bi-plane from white of in is sitting museum. that the roof air woman an	A woman is sitting in a white bi-plane that hangs from the roof of an air museum.
an a several behind other ramp on aerial him. is performing skateboard with people A trick man	A man is performing an aerial skateboard trick on a ramp with several other people behind him.
one a Two in blue jumpsuits, men bandaged holding girl	Two men in blue jumpsuits, one holding a bandaged girl
archer bow target. A haystack at his aims young a	A young archer aims his bow at a haystack target.
palm a on trees. field near Two talk boys	Two boys talk on a field near palm trees.
girl jumping off Young swing. a	Young girl jumping off a swing.
top of trick a skates. guardrail a boy inline on on doing A	A boy doing a trick on top of a guardrail on inline skates.
the basketball blue orange player for in is ball. the challenging player in The	The basketball player in blue is challenging the player in orange for the ball.
is a stick dog. a A holding man beside jumping	A man is holding a stick beside a jumping dog.
a for couples kids family picture. Two four and pose	Two couples and four kids pose for a family picture.
a A man on on performs tricks bike. ramp green dirt a	A man performs tricks on a dirt ramp on a green bike.
and water. sail is white a ship with red in a A body of	A ship with a red and white sail is in a body of water.
sitting is pool. child wearing in goggles float a young in A blue and a	A young child is wearing blue goggles and sitting in a float in a pool.
a man with A camera.	A man with a camera.
hill a wagon a watches. person as A another rolls riding down	A person rolls down a hill riding a wagon as another watches.
upwards man split. does The smiles as a formally-dressed he	The formally-dressed man smiles upwards as he does a split.
A arm woman. a his with man around	A man with his arm around a woman.
the grass. practicing A the high kick cement near on a man	A man practicing a high kick on the cement near the grass.
The inside is the store. cart young pushing boy the	The young boy is pushing the cart inside the store.
a dogs tree. tied Two to	Two dogs tied to a tree.
A dog emerges deep wet water. from	A wet dog emerges from deep water.
man sunglasses with in Bearded mountains. the	Bearded man with sunglasses in the mountains.
stands with decorated statue. children a bull A woman near two	A woman stands with two children near a decorated bull statue.
on people a group A boat. of	A group of people on a boat.
with front covered the heads women in of Two their road buses. crossing	Two women with their heads covered crossing the road in front of buses.
dress in a country down A runs road. white a girl	A girl in a white dress runs down a country road.
a her woods black and running brown a field woman and in dog the through	a woman and her black and brown dog running through a field in the woods
holding surfboard. on is a yellow beach in a a walking A boy shirt	A boy in a yellow shirt is walking on a beach holding a surfboard.
game of pole. running a Little play kids around a	Little kids play a game of running around a pole.
a Two girls something over at and lean case. in look	Two girls lean over and look at something in a case.
a through the houses canal with with red steers lined roofs. A man colorful boat	A man steers a boat through the canal lined with colorful houses with red roofs.
near at a are lined balloons crowd. large Seven up nighttime	Seven large balloons are lined up at nighttime near a crowd.
sitting checking sailor man A on who on crying. a is ground is the	A sailor is checking on a man who is sitting on the ground crying.
wood a floor. sat The young on in circle the girls	The young girls sat in a circle on the wood floor.
in crowd person high the as air bike a a A watches. rides	A person rides a bike high in the air as a crowd watches.
looks with leaning a top, concrete arms wall man, resting over against A a his on balcony.	A man, leaning against a concrete wall with his arms resting on top, looks over a balcony.
snowy skiers across making cross-country way their terrain. Five	Five cross-country skiers making their way across snowy terrain.
the busy A on street. couple kisses	A couple kisses on the busy street.
backpacks, dressed, snow. through carrying Two heavily walk people	Two people heavily dressed, carrying backpacks, walk through snow.
area. man a retaining Young suburban wall on a skateboarding in	Young man skateboarding on a retaining wall in a suburban area.
is jumping out dolphin of water. A the	A dolphin is jumping out of the water.
eyes is small from and standing you A up. blue his his aqua playpen all if and see child in	A small child is standing in his blue and aqua playpen and all you see if from his eyes up.
body rides A a street paint in a through bike young naked festival. lady	A young naked lady in body paint rides a bike through a street festival.
racing greyhounds track Three a night. at on are	Three greyhounds are racing on a track at night.
Man water. in sunglasses sitting shallow with	Man with sunglasses sitting in shallow water.
background. that's with on A the the a refrigerator snowbank sun side skier the in of in a	A skier on the side of a refrigerator that's in a snowbank with the sun in the background.
event. green an is at A woman in dressed outside rollerskating	A woman dressed in green is rollerskating outside at an event.
A of dog is a series jumping gates. colored over	A dog is jumping over a series of colored gates.
A players player a while three from oppose basketball making one team him. rebound	A basketball player from one team making a rebound while three players oppose him.
brown A runs grass. across green shorthair white and and black dog	A black and white shorthair dog runs across brown and green grass.
overturned near of baby basket plays diapers. an A	A baby plays near an overturned basket of diapers.
walks carries man with he a A while child woman. a	A man carries a child while he walks with a woman.
shirt with stripe is swinging. blonde the The blue girl	The blonde girl with the blue stripe shirt is swinging.
red and in a a dog dressed snowsuit A collar. plays boy yellow black brown wearing with a	A boy dressed in a yellow and black snowsuit plays with a brown dog wearing a red collar.
wear rain A lady man and a ponchos.	A lady and a man wear rain ponchos.
surfer in water. A shorts over surfs blue	A surfer in blue shorts surfs over water.
a golden a collar and muddy on lower and has A has harness retriever a body.	A golden retriever has on a collar and a harness and has a muddy lower body.
A and black dog carries white ball toy. a	A black and white dog carries a ball toy.
down a shredding snow. Someone hill, snowboarding is	Someone is snowboarding down a hill, shredding snow.
strange blue looking a green in a tie hat A on girl yellow, hand. has dyed and her critter	A girl in a yellow, blue and green tie dyed hat has a strange looking critter on her hand.
pushed a one of by cart another. boy image being Blurry young in	Blurry image of one young boy being pushed in a cart by another.
bicycles track. race on Men on	Men race on bicycles on track.
a plays A in pool. girl small	A girl plays in a small pool.
the things posing on a crowd lawn black person is people. and helmet spiky coat with a wearing front in a A of of	A person wearing a black coat and a helmet with spiky things is posing on the lawn in front of a crowd of people.
playing larger one white smaller with and puffy field. are dog tail a in dogs a Two	Two smaller dogs and one larger dog with a puffy white tail are playing in a field.
diving off logs gear. all is black wearing A while man	A man is diving off logs while wearing all black gear.
skirt dog at a tan black up and a A jumping and in walking dog tan away. a woman	A tan dog jumping up at a woman in a skirt and a black and tan dog walking away.
mouth a open garden on or a is walking with lake its which next A path a stream. dog on is a to	A dog with its mouth open is walking on a path on a garden which is next to a lake or a stream.
dog A man a the walking beach. running behind on	A man walking behind a running dog on the beach.
Brown forehead steps. dog with white coming cement down on marking	Brown dog with white marking on forehead coming down cement steps.
A an yellow on easy a surfboard rides wave. man	A man on a yellow surfboard rides an easy wave.
camera a walking are girls the away from under walkway. Two	Two girls are walking away from the camera under a walkway.
A enjoying young a clowning around while group men beverage. of	A group of young men clowning around while enjoying a beverage.
of on walking sandy A girl line along little a logs a beach. is	A little girl is walking along a line of logs on a sandy beach.
man obstacle black course. on and it an takes A his white dog as follows	A man follows his black and white dog as it takes on an obstacle course.
man is windsurfer. riding A a red	A man is riding a red windsurfer.
patch snowy on dogs play green of grass. Two white slightly together a	Two white dogs play together on a slightly snowy patch of green grass.
There man a necklace. a girls is looking	There is a man looking a girls necklace.
a holding sweatshirt. a blue smiling child is woman A wearing	A woman is holding a smiling child wearing a blue sweatshirt.
caution tape in decoration her woman feather purple with A a wearing hair and	A woman with a purple feather decoration in her hair and wearing caution tape
red a snow. A is pulling sled across the dog	A dog is pulling a red sled across the snow.
many wearing tulips. near headscarf a A is woman	A woman wearing a headscarf is near many tulips.
tan in man and pants. a blue is rollerblading shirt, The red hat,	The man is rollerblading in a red hat, blue shirt, and tan pants.
cliff. A man a climbs steep blue wearing	A man wearing blue climbs a steep cliff.
brown a dog long plays A stick. and with black	A black and brown dog plays with a long stick.
tent. American a under A native instruments plays band	A native American band plays instruments under a tent.
of riding carry cans. bags bicycles plastic People full large	People riding bicycles carry large plastic bags full of cans.
A with baby on boy food little face. his	A little boy with baby food on his face.
with lying at black Girl hat and beach towel on sunglasses	Girl with black hat and sunglasses lying on towel at beach
mouth. A holding in tennis dog a its swims ball	A dog swims holding a tennis ball in its mouth.
girls are at in the beach playing the ocean. Two	Two girls are at the beach playing in the ocean.
band. A singing her performer with female	A female performer singing with her band.
is water. a standing shorts in wearing the toddler colorful	a toddler wearing colorful shorts is standing in the water.
A blue pool slide. bottom stands boy of water at in the a the	A boy stands in the pool at the bottom of a blue water slide.
street. walking down A couple the	A couple walking down the street.
black a murky and kayak blue wearing rolling his rapids. yellow wetsuit helmet A paddles in kayaker	A kayaker wearing a blue wetsuit and black helmet paddles his yellow kayak in murky rolling rapids.
and smile. hug children Two	Two children hug and smile.
Sooners A # player uniform a 28. football white in and red is	A football player is in a red and white uniform Sooners # 28.
team ball A for game. during Oklahoma Sooners player the the football a punts	A player for the Oklahoma Sooners football team punts the ball during a game.
trunks bathing man dives A in black into water.	A man in black bathing trunks dives into water.
with football. 12 the man it plays an on in jersey A orange " letter "	A man in an orange jersey with the letter " 12 " on it plays football.
grass. dog running through The the black is	The black dog is running through the grass.
bicycle girl forward. standing A a peddles the back man young man's on while the of is	A young girl is standing on the back of a man's bicycle while the man peddles forward.
A a a black jumps pier into of dog off lake.	A black dog jumps off of a pier into a lake.
A splashes pigtails the shallow in water. girl in	A girl in pigtails splashes in the shallow water.
on people with it. one at night Some off girl fishing a pier	Some people on a pier at night with one girl fishing off it.
group on circle on are with hands the their air. A brightly of young ground sheets grassy a in in colored girls standing retangular the	A group of young girls are standing in a circle on brightly colored retangular sheets on the grassy ground with their hands in the air.
A on and open lot SUV lies in a between an man yellow brown a a parking pickup door. a with mat	A man lies on a mat in a parking lot between a brown SUV and a yellow pickup with an open door.
silhouette watching whilst are sunset. in four the people	four people are in silhouette whilst watching the sunset.
man wall rock sheer a climbing a	a man climbing a sheer rock wall
Family preparing wedding. for the	Family preparing for the wedding.
white brown brown A walks and cow. dog a behind	A brown and white dog walks behind a brown cow.
boy a A is towards little running people. of group	A little boy is running towards a group of people.
a to yellow trick. Man do black teaching dog his in jacket	Man in yellow jacket teaching his black dog to do a trick.
grass. Three on are running young boys	Three young boys are running on grass.