At Reading Rockets, we believe in the power of books to help children see the world from different perspectives and build empathy. Children who can empathize are able to respond to others with thoughtfulness and understanding. Why is my classmate wearing a headscarf indoors? A beautiful picture book about choosing a new hijab for the first day of school can open windows.
Through stories, children can meet characters who are dealing with strong emotions and who learn to manage those feelings in positive ways. What a powerful model for kids, especially when they have formed a personal bond with the vividly drawn characters.
Some children's books tackle the tricky topic of how to handle conflicts at school or in the neighborhood. Sometimes it is as simple as inviting the shy new kid to join in and play. Sometimes it is about learning to find your own individual voice. And sometimes it is about leaning on an understanding adult to help your classmates see your true strengths.
The messages in these stories can be subtle and powerful. They give kids a chance to reflect, think about their own beliefs and social interactions, and talk with their classmates and family about thorny issues.
Here are some of the books we recommend for strengthening social and emotional learning. Some of the books deal with bullying head-on.
Tim's birthday is just a week away, and more than anything he wants a skateboard. But money is tight, and Tim knows his family cannot afford to buy him a board.
As Tim ponders how he might earn money for a skateboard, he hears The Can Man down the street collecting empty soft drink cans. The clang of the cans in the homeless man's cart gives Tim an idea. He will collect cans too, and cash them in for the redemption money. By the end of the week, Tim has almost reached his goal until a couple of chance encounters with The Can Man change everything.
Told with honesty and respect, this timely story shines a perceptive light on current social concerns. Readers will be encouraged to think beyond themselves and celebrate the simple acts of kindness and sharing that make a difference in people's lives.
This book is perfect to read for bedtime to my four-year-old. She loves the story of Rapunzel and this variation of it definitely piqued her interest. The story is not too long so it holds her attention. The pictures are adorable and she especially loved the stickers that came with it. The added bonus of this book is that we can hold onto it for later on when she learns to read and I know she will love it just as much when that time comes.
Our daughter loves to read and we encourage it almost every day. She is six, in grade one, and will usually read 16-20 pages of one of these readers 4-5 nights per week. These stories are based on the originals e.g. Rapunzel but given a quirky child-friendly twist. There are some words that our daughter will trip over on occasions, and she is at an above-average reading level for her age, but mostly they are well suited. If your child is easily frustrated by new or slightly more complex words then choose the level 2 readers.
For those of you who already know how a neural network works, you should be able to find a simple structure by seeing this graph. In the next part, the activation function will be the sigmoid function.
So the question is: how many layers and neurons do we need in order to build a neural network that would fit the dataset above?
If we use only one neuron it will be the same thing as doing a Logistic Regression because the activation function is the sigmoid function. And we know that it would not work because the dataset is not linearly separable, and Simple Logistic Regression does not work with not linearly separable data. So we have to add a hidden layer. Each neuron in the hidden layer will result in a linear decision boundary.
In general, a Logistic Regression creates a hyperplane as a decision boundary. Since here we only have one feature, then this hyperplane is only a dot. Visually, we can see that we would need two dots to separate one class from the other. And their values would be around for one -0.5 and the other 0.5.
Employers are expecting more and more from machine learning projects. Building a jupyter notebook and using a machine learning model to make interesting predictions just is not good enough anymore, and a key step in going beyond this stage is to collect your own data, to ensure that you are solving a niche problem that other applicants you are competing with have not.
Machine learning has had an open-source culture from the very beginning, and that is forced a lot of companies that used to be insular, siloed and even secretive to update their operations in order to be able to draw machine learning talent. Apple in particular has managed that transition well, and Goku related some of the major cultural shifts that were required.