<unk> in child a of up a way is . in an climbing pink set stairs dress a 
into girl going . a wooden building a 
a climbing girl . into playhouse a little wooden 
little her playhouse a climbing girl . the to stairs 
dress <unk> little girl . a going pink a a into in wooden 
a are dog spotted dog black and fighting a 
dog with other black tri-colored a each . a playing the and road dog on 
white other in black and a with at brown each . dog a are the spots street dog staring 
on each of two dogs . other the breeds road at looking different 
. each pavement on toward other two moving dogs 
. her girl in paint little bowl in with covered sits a of rainbow a front hands painted a in 
sitting a large in girl painted front of is . rainbow little a 
small in rainbow with grass girl . a white the a <unk> a of in plays with on it canvas front 
girl . a of there in with rainbow painting sitting front pigtails is a 
. young outside girl pigtails grass with the painting in 
man him while a a his lays dog . bench by on sits 
on is dog lays . which also a tied the to bench a man white 
sleeping on man . white dog to black bench him a and next a a outside sitting with 
a . a his on with lies bench shirtless man dog park 
on man on of bench ground sitting dog leash laying holding 
in an hat . orange something starring at a man 
a an glasses . and orange wears man hat 
man . with and glasses wearing is a <unk> hat a <unk> 
a a <unk> hat with wearing . glasses is beer man can 
hat an pierced glasses ears orange . man with wearing the is and 
a rope child playing on a net . 
little on red a <unk> girl . climbing 
girl in . at pink a the climbs bridge a park little rope 
playground ropes small red . <unk> at child onto a the the 
on climbs child ropes red . a playground a on small the 
in running by is a grassy and garden black fence a white white surrounded a . dog 
. and the is grass through a black running dog white 
boston in is terrier . grass the a running 
lush white of fence . front terrier in on a a grass boston is green running 
runs the . grass on near fence a a wooden green dog 
it . shore , next to ball a shakes red the dog near a head its 
shakes . ball dog with of on beach a a orange the an white edge 
ball water dog with , at orange off on feet shore shaking stands 
near shore with playing the ball . water dog the white red a on 
to . with turned white standing one ears side brown head dog with water near 
city boy front . a in a of a in wall <unk> smiles 
street man standing while a little boy stone is overalls is wall the on on a in working . a 
street young a <unk> runs . boy the 
man and stone . a is street him paved pole metal walking with a behind a child on a young 
white in man rock overalls blue boy and front shirt with smiling of wall in in . behind jeans him 
black leaps log over . dog a a 
a tree over dog grey is a . fallen leaping 
dog a leaps . a large log black fallen 
dog tree jumping fallen blue collar black . <unk> a over grey and a a in 
stump the the . tree jumped black dog 
running dog snow through is a white the and brown . 
the is dog a in running snow 
through . running a dog snow 
field and running snow dog brown is covered through a a white . 
running . dog snow over the the the is white surface of brown and 
a a . blue is in a displaying man in to hat next a pictures hat skier 
man past man a another skis paintings snow in displaying . the 
a the person skis snow up in pictures looking at . set wearing framed 
skier a in pictures the snow next to at looks framed trees . 
in skis <unk> for at man snow on looking sale the 
a one of climbing person cliff a <unk> . 
of wall people climbing . are a climbing on a rock group rock 
<unk> people a climbing rock group man while a of one 
the another seven whilst are face rope rock stands climbers . holding a ascending man 
line climbing the while are holds a in in man watches several . the and rock row red climbers the 
on a a sprinkler dog lawn brown from chases water the . a 
. a brown with hose dog plays the 
dog a running near on a garden a brown lawn hose 
dog playing a hose with is a . 
sprinkler large away the in dog the running from brown grass . 
object prepares thrown nearby to dog cars a field in a . a catch with 
white is dog its . a about ball mouth catch yellow a to in 
a . to catch about is a yellow toy dog dog white 
. to the a dog catch ready a yellow air flying ball through white is 
ball a dog running yellow a after white 
black air and dog the get a white . jumping toy to a in 
. and yellow a white a toy dog towards jumps up black 
a leaps to ball field a dog a . catch in 
a dog white grassy to in trying . over is ball catch field midair a a 
playing is dog toy white in the yellow green with field . a a 
waters a . big are a child edge in at woman city a and 
of in the a a it . around edge large duck with lone swimming people lake with it several 
. a at watching a boy lake little duck a 
water a surrounded green . boy the at the his duck young waves park hand a by in 
lake water and , the at are of the a city edge the facing two . skyline people 
by male a . , being next a and infant couple sitting to near , by held the with an pond stroller a 
. a a couple on grass baby with sit the and stroller 
a facing . baby with under lake sitting tree couple a a their newborn 
body woman water infant of a a <unk> and . along the man an of for side 
next couple stroller baby . a their outdoors to with sit 
running surf black dog . in the a 
a black <unk> tags in the with . water lab 
splashes in a the water dog 
the black runs dog the . through water 
in dog is splashing black a water . the this 
a ice the drilling man hole . in a 
man . of frozen ice the a is pond through a drilling 
hole person a the in snow drilling in the ice a . 
standing person lake a on frozen a . 
men . fishing ice two are 
on and of . beach play different the brown breeds two dogs white 
two a dogs making are turn beach soft a on . sand 
sand the the . at dogs playing in two beach 
playing . a together beach on two dogs 
sandy tan dogs beach along play a two large . 
and ice <unk> picks ice man uses . a to <unk> 
scaling frozen a is wall black an ice . a blue and ice climber jacket pants in 
a frozen an waterfall ice scaling . climber 
blue in ice a . person two and red climbing picks with 
ice wall an climbing climber 
toy his carries he a . black in dog mouth walks through grass the green as a 
a through dog something the . grass carrying black 
toy blue a dog its a . black in has mouth 
a dog with a mouth blue his . in in item grass 
a toy through black a dog grass the . wet carrying green is 
a water in a a and are . yellow on man baby kayak 
blue canoe man and a yellow jackets are little life boy rowing in . a a 
waters kayak <unk> a child and man . through 
a in boy kayak a and yellow ride man . young 
man kayak in and yellow child 
are red toy catch brown to a a a . up dog black and dog jumping 
with on a . black courtyard dog a a a and dog red brown play toy 
lab are toy and lab black mouth in outside black the catching its and is a a brown . 
at as brown black dog dog <unk> . object red lunges and black 
the the <unk> lab get . jumps as black chocolate the driveway <unk> too it toy to the lab in 
in with kneeling goalie stick of front a boy a net a 
a hockey child red a . jacket guarding in goal street playing a 
hockey a . the rink in kid goalie young playing a 
a male . hockey with in young hand of a front right in stick hockey his kneeling a goal 
crouches , stick by in boy goal red goalie . hockey jacket with 
art a front a of is modern structure glass in sitting black a man next . building in to 
newspaper . sits outside a sculpture a man and office of a building an reads by 
statue . near a large man a sits 
a in of sitting man building a sculpture a front in . of front metal 
reading in buildings sitting man in of with . an art sculpture courtyard a is the front backpack the 
ice up . a is set tent being the on 
lake ice fishing tent are snow two on an enter . to covered a about men 
up blue two fishing a over lake on an ice men setting hut <unk> 
on , two men looking an blue , something . ice with a into tarp standing covered 
people on tent blue surface outside a two snowy structure standing . a 
dogs three crouches a near field in woman . a 
are playing three grassy dogs sky a blue on hill with . 
standing sitting in is person three to are a dogs grass them next and the 
hill dogs grassy a three on 
. a field while stand grassy person in nearby kneels a dogs three 
front in standing man skyscraper is of a a 
a man in of a front . stands skyscraper 
man a . very in a building front tall of stands 
man the behind in a shirt a large red stands skyscraper . 
. camera distance is the in with a the skyscraper of front man a in there walking 
a into outside while bites sits hard he . treat a boy 
a . <unk> a into child biting good 
hands putting boy both his . with small in mouth a something 
at boy the his eats table the food outside . 
eating . a over the pizza boy dish <unk> is 
sit view check and . people on the mountainside the out 
overlooking . green are on valley three a <unk> people a 
out hang three hill a . on of big top people 
three valley people a . green overlook 
a rest . three people the on above ledge <unk> 
many green . down in at looking is boy a shirt a inflatable boats 
shirt . green in a boy a kayakers watches 
looks boats below boy many railing in the at a rafts . over the a water and 
boy young a inflatable overlooking of crowd boats a . 
in a jersey at wearing the down looks young over a water a many boats . boy ledge 
. another the camera man looks pose on and man for woman a while 
while mouth the looks a front man his man up woman in of buildings to . a on of some another holding is hand 
for picture a couple a posing <unk> 
man holding asian and background , man hands watches woman blond in outdoors . 
in another striped guy black guy jacket while of hand girl blue watches in biting shirt 
television person a eats . watching while small <unk> a 
and in front eats sits television of the a floor person a . on 
of television a it girl . a a with picture on 
with a by sits meal in . of food a young the front fast television on man floor the him 
eating . the food someone in is tv laying front of 
couple a people ledge overlooking of several a on the beach sitting 
wall a of beach the group sit a at . people on 
. of a wall by beach sit group a on a teens 
people of . beach crowd the at 
rail crowded sitting a several people above a young on beach . 
skateboard a boy jump on his another while a watches takes a skateboard boy with . 
with on child skateboard trick a while wall skateboard performing is leans a a . a child another 
on board is . his trick young little a a while watches doing skateboarder boy skateboarder another 
skateboard on a platform . boy skateboarder on young a jumping a 
. two skateboarders 
her large seen river behind . , as paddling down a a from girl 
kayaking a woman a down . river 
a a boat woman a . paddles down river 
with a a paddle . woman 
with water sits on in woman a . a the paddle a boat 
water girl a . shallow in splashes the pigtails in 
the girls a in surf . plays 
. pigtails by playing the ocean is girl a in the beach with 
pigtails with the plays a water . girl in 
plays water in a the young in . pigtails girl 
wearing pajamas a of group pillow four children have . fight a 
a . <unk> a group kids of have 
on a fight a group . children young bed pillow of playing 
pillow a having children fight . 
a . children fight having four are pillow 
two a workers <unk> beam on taking a . sit break 
a the sitting workers up building are on construction of two . side 
two . an on workers sitting <unk> construction 
take on construction a two workers beam a <unk> . seat 
a construction two from take men break . 
children playing are . the water the in 
some a play , ball one orange , with yellow in front two boys field a and in of water . 
a in play two . boys puddle 
in on a sunny two balloon mud . play a children day with 
and two some running kids water playing . are in 
a a . ride woman in blond appears wait a for to blue shirt 
a is blond street . <unk> on the woman <unk> a 
woman is seen as a to , traffic is from behind . <unk> 
waving of tube wearing a with . is blonde hair on side blue the the woman top street a 
holding dress at the the <unk> arm in blue is traffic woman . her out 
train rides <unk> little looking girl at on a a 
her a in with girl young <unk> blond hands a 
book a a . girl train reads on a train about rides young 
seat looks . and at train on a sits a young a <unk> girl 
train <unk> looking at ride sitting child down 
is after black brown on dog dog running a rocky . a a shore 
is brown . running dog dog a after the black 
two beach on playing a . dogs 
stones . of dogs body near a water across run two 
other water a each in . with on area run rocky background dogs towards the two 
diving of a high the a boy descends . board off end 
off diving jumps pool child into the high . board a a 
the a off board diving below kid pool . swimming and jumps the into 
. at the is little kid pool a dive a high jumping off 
a boy the is pool high into diving . jumping board off the 
taking stands guy window a his by a . <unk> off 
top in tank door a a stands . to man <unk> next a 
his . on an near shirt a puts elevator man 
stands head down . man with his elevator an a by 
putting near on his an is elevator . man shirt the 
runs on a light-colored . the beach dog 
yellow beach runs dog on a small a 
runs dog . beach a on a sandy tan 
running a beach white rocky is down a . dog 
along running beach light the . dog brown 
a the beach boy swim his shorts blue in . at 
a beach the smiles camera . boy at for a 
trunks young boy walking with on . arms the his outstretched swimming beach in a is 
. children on playing beach the 
. an is shore playing the boy ocean the on of 
bluff the high a . a overlooking standing mountains below hiker on 
hill person a landscape over 's looks snow covered on ski from 
mountain a . is overlooking a snow-covered skier 
snow covered a landscape the beautiful overlooking is skier white . 
. skier a on mountaintop a pauses 
and catch . low object black cut is purple dog attempting yellow and a white a a in to yard 
. and dog yellow jumps after black white a a toy 
a jumps black and white dog frisbee the . get to 
and purple green to toy jumping up . a dog is black catch a 
to a . jumps a catch dog toy 
man is street . laying in a in blue the shorts 
. shorts down a in lot man parking a lays outside blue in 
. middle man laying in of street a down heavy during traffic 
a <unk> a open mat in on . a brown door an a a and with between parking lot man lies suv yellow 
is . down busy a of street shirtless in a the man middle laying 
a a and in sandy white black . and dog terrain brown dog 
dog . a chases doberman on a beach a <unk> 
chasing dog on one the . beach another is one 
running are dogs two through . large sand the 
at beach dogs the other two chasing large . each 
catches . midair dog a white a and in toy black 
a ball tennis a dog and . 
dog catch is a thrown a it at , to object jumping 
while grassy dog a through a ball chasing tennis a . leaps field 
tennis dog multicolor catch a grassy field jumping . ball a in a to 
balloons . watching a crowd night at air 
night lit of a up at . group balloons hot air 
people . are in park the air hot watching balloons 
people balloons hot . air watching 
balloons up seven large . at near nighttime are lined crowd a 
bike a head his . helmet with a rides child a on 
a down . miniature boy little a on a a bike dirt bike rides hill 
in . road rides helmet a a on the a young bike boy 
his little race bicycle rides . in the boy a 
<unk> boy at the young . a bmx race quickly 
are at a night people of gathered . eight around table group a 
around group dark of the a gathered people . in 
group outside a a table people at of on a night sit . around porch 
a together at . outdoors group sit night of people 
darkened people at a in room group of a sitting a table . 
on black brown dark the with dogs and man beach a two . his in shorts a plays shirt 
a holds . black man beach at a with dogs shorts ball two in throwing toy the 
on beach man two black playing a dogs with the 
beach dogs on with a man a two 
man at beach two the with . dogs 
face bubbles off boy a . his the <unk> 
boy covered face <unk> has clean . his <unk> a in 
a bubbles . covered boy in is 
. child black ramp is climbing a on foam a inflatable covered in 
off is water . <unk> <unk> in person a covered getting 
down into shorts a . boy a a in slides blue slide pool 
trunks the swimming toys slide . into with inflatable floating a wading blue pool yellow a boy in slides a in water down 
a a boy rides a pool slide small . into backyard down 
pool a sliding colorful . a with into <unk> boy slide down a 
balloons . of colored floating onto is on a off slide pool child falling water a a 
a a air wetsuit a the throwing wetsuit in up man wearing is a . into baby 
toddler to a him air wetsuit is ready in catch . throwing and the up is a in man a 
and catch in for . a waiting come him throwing air up the water so him man can in a down boy he little to 
into the man pool the a air small throwing and is the in . boy 
while throws little , in a a droplets boy fly man up water the air . 
. tongue . out boy sticks the his a boy for little another camera on looks 
. make boys two faces 
are smiling boys young , one . , the out looking at two other camera tongue the sticking his 
at one . sticks as two up the boys camera his young tongue out look 
two faces silly . making boys young 
in at and horse a blonde in black sweatshirt are blonde a staring . a barrel fire girl a a 
her . a horse a stand and girl by fire 
a lead holding . behind girl 's fire horse a a 
fire a . are girl man and a two and near , <unk> horses 
people and two . fire horses a watching two 
sheep boxer bulldog a a , , . dog standing a a in and yard 
brown face boston dog <unk> while pushing . large dog a terrier small watches is his a with 
near smaller dirt stands dog int dogs a skinny large . two the 
them of at in middle there . ball dogs three starring are the a 
<unk> three of various . dogs 
with on a a and shirt dock man . a sit lady no 
a on man . woman dock together and a a are sitting 
a sitting man dock a on and woman a . 
sitting a . woman next on man deck and to a lake a 
a shirtless woman a and dock . man on a sitting 
on head paws that its . laying a is white a closeup dog its of 
a white large the lying on dog . floor 
. has head the a dog ground its on white 
head white its with tiled its floor dog eyes on a a open resting . is 
a white its patio rests on . bricks the dog head 
and a artificial a wearing yellow whilst a in red safety wall . shorts shirt climbing woman harness an is green 
rock and blue shirt in climbing white indoor is . woman shorts a a 
a is wall girl the . rock climbing 
girl harness . the a in , climbing is rocks 
wall rock artificial woman an . climbing 
and is an boy him a is on watching a girl inflatable ring jumping 
a jumping a water boy on <unk> 
on teenage slide is a inflatable . boy jumping an 
young a . boy and girl young jumping seating in a inflatable an pool 
playing water the two young toy . an in inflated are kids on 
day a on a on tractor playing a family beautiful 
ride in tractor children a a . field 
vehicle several outdoors on <unk> . a playing children 
children on . the the the field four in wheeler played 
field . kids a four on the riding atv are in an 
together to man costume standing a red a of a . and in woman the left woman 
costume . wearing a a other two looks people red woman on a street at standing 
. a feather stands a red young costume in and the on <unk> sidewalk woman 
and . next colored one young pop outfit is girl bikini standing black wearing in to two the ; drinking people other the is <unk> the a is 
a a <unk> a young bikini are and red <unk> . red in feathered <unk> woman two by people young dressed 
skiiers walking through up hill a . the forest 
in wooded are two men a . snow area in the skiing 
cross-country wearing . two skiing yellow people jackets 
through two are way their woodland skiers . making 
in trail the . woods sliding down a two are skiers 
a skier is mountain making . up their a lone way 
skiiers . at covered top of the a hill snow 
climbing two snowy hikers a hill . 
snow-covered mountain a two people on are . 
snowy . people up a climbing two mountain 
dog down brown pathway a running paved a 
brown running . next to grass a dog 
. road a down is dog a running 
happily a runs dog . brown down a light path 
<unk> dog brown running 
at children mother is . a on and boardwalk night fishing a 
and . stand three on with pole fishing woman a a children deck a 
boardwalk the woman stands night a at with overlooking children a on . sea 
some with fishing a off girl pier at people night it one . on 
woman . boardwalk three over with evening in fishing the children 
. a jacket rides mountain and dressed brown blue horse and jeans frozen near a woman a in snow-covered lake a blue 
. woman near a rides blue a jacket water in pony brown a 
. woman lake a <unk> a in the horse near a rides frozen 
a a <unk> the . sitting horse young mountains snowy woman blond atop brown in 
<unk> on lake a . jacket blue woman <unk> sits near horse frozen 
a two through cart horses . snow pull <unk> the 
<unk> two in a brown pull horses . golden woman a by coat a driven blue 
are horses in pulling woman two a a . cart 
horses pull two by a ground carriage snow a . covered woman driven over 
sled smiling two <unk> horses by pulling . a blond woman a 
down sheer person a climbing a rope cliff a rock using 
holding climbs mountain while onto rope . , safety a tall a person flat a 
white rock person a a a is while rope climbing . onto holding 
person . steep incline a a down <unk> 
person a vest red a up wearing . climbs rock a steep 
<unk> people a rock inside stand . 
cave a of shows light in three <unk> <unk> 
inside a <unk> in . the rock <unk> pose surface while from sunlight <unk> 
. a sit people in cave three 
rocks posing rock big three are . on climbers 
on of ground a . group <unk> the lay dry 
on hikers group a some front are mountains the resting in ground of . of 
the people the in with background mountains . camp 
rest several gear of hikers a in with . their mountain front 
a mountain in of resting group front of hikers is . the 
stream stands woman children a with portrait of dress chalk . two a a in playing a by blue 
a of standing drawing chalk front in woman a 
a structure a chalk of drawing in woman front to stands a next <unk> . 
outside a chalk woman <unk> elaborate an near . stands 
of chalk a and girl with a wearing sidewalk a the boy blue . sidewalk woman is on dress a drawing picture a 
plays . of deep in brown a snow a dog pile 
. camera in at a looking dog the snow 
through snow runs the . dog a 
and stand a in up snow looks tan the . dog 
dog out the in is brown the . snow 
in a boy jumping fountain . a 
a the . fountains in plays boy 
plays . a fountain a in child 
water . boy a little the playing in 
from up ground sprayed a through boy water being . is jumping young the 
out tunnel . of a corgi a runs 
tunnel out of on dog a a runs a course . 
of tunnel on out running course obstacle dog 
on dog the a <unk> dog the course is . out tunnel running of 
the . of small out white a and running is small dog tunnel brown 
and dog dirt in black . run a a dog field blond a white and 
dog chases a . another dog 
dog the white are a a and and in running yellow dog . black dirt 
in dogs running are field a . two 
around two running dogs 
a to along blue next girl walking a in beach is fence a a swimsuit wooden little sandy . 
posing beach at with little . outstretched girl the is arms a 
the of walks in young . a railing beach front a girl on 
near girl standing on beach a little blue in handrail swimsuit a . 
blue . suit in the girl little posing at is the bathing beach the 
water from and white dog a water drinking spray a . black 
a . and dog black water of white pool being blue with soaked a a paddling in jet is 
face dog from sticking its into a hose shower the a . garden 
small white by gets a sprayed water dog 
a a black white jumping is . dog into pool and 
smiles underwater boy a . 
swimming a underwater boy . red-headed 
swimming boy underwater a small 
a pool a boy smiling . in underwater swims 
boys the the . underwater pool smiles at 
boy . a toy gun with a 
a toy . orange in playing boy with a shorts little 
with young aims outstretched of his a toy at foot a camera . in the fireplace a boy front 
a toy child his plays with new <unk> . young 
at toy gun boy the with . pointed camera 
a top boy of yellow cliff . in is on standing a shorts 
and edge blue wearing yellow walking a . on a boy cliff 
on high rock a the . little boy standing a in air 
a jagged . some child rocks young is on alone standing 
near stands edge child cliff . of 
jump on mid snowmobile in a . a person 
through . <unk> the a air flies 
the machine his flies rider her air pine front or of tall trees through a snowmobile on in . 
snowmobile jumps rider high rural area . in 
in the up is man the air . 
<unk> around people . are riding on 
with people while on <unk> . helmets pose goggles and riding 
while on a . a taking several <unk> are ride people break 
two people three <unk> and . 
on yellow while men stands . helmeted <unk> watching behind another sit man two 
three . drive <unk> people 
turn field camera on in to look people heads a at three the <unk> their brown . 
people three outside on . atv 's 
wheel field three four people in atv a . 's on 
their people field three the through ride . <unk> four 
in . an a wheeler four empty jumping field 
. man wheeler on flying the a air four is a through 
field empty an person a in riding is a orange . atv large 
all with man terrain vehicle jumping 
an man air on ! atv catching 
man while <unk> the a jumps an air atv riding 
a small a man four-wheeler . building a on jumps near 
front . a airborne a structure white atv of in an is over field 
a out tan dressed building front <unk> <unk> jumps in a jacket a a of over person a in small . quad 
man air wheeler . in the four on 
front . in of striped boy is <unk> water shirt a jumping fountain a in 
building water boy is stone the of of a a running jumping front fountain in a . side off 
front happy <unk> . is city fountain in boy jumping a 
. little a of a fountain is front in jumping boy 
side . fountain is boy the playfully off little a jumping of a 
soccer boy carrying ball a . a 
under with a his walks boy <unk> ball arm a . 
a with soccer a near ball . fence boy walks a 
carries walks wearing a boy the soccer a . on t-shirt grass white a ball and 
a carries ball field a on . small boy soccer 
painting . a child picture a 
an clouds paints canvas artist . a onto 
a . young painting picture girl a 
with girl with paper white colors young the braids is . painting a water on wall on a 
child with . colors water a large paints on the paper 
hill on a . <unk> a bicycle cyclist up a a road is riding 
. road a down man a gear a sharp curve bicycle in riding <unk> around a 
is bike man . up a hill <unk> a a mountain on 
nearby on man , . road bicycle cows while up hill <unk> a a 
the around road a . biker the in is riding curve 
dog to a a catch black rope jumping toy 
fetch ball of a playing . with rope black dog a 
a get . a rope toy dog to pounces black 
running dog his a rope black . toy after 
playing is grassy a large black in a dog . yard 
<unk> face a little a is front her in holding camera . girl of 
girl a . old looking camera video through an is young fashioned 
<unk> <unk> with a girl a camera her young 
and holding lips black . girl gun <unk> cheeks with toy 
. is a there kid gun with a 
front frisbee an a a white . black collie border and audience in of catches 
mouth group of frisbee brown in in of people front a it and . white a a dog catches 
. white watches catch an a and brown a frisbee up while <unk> to jumping audience 
frisbee while watch , a dog catch people jumps many a . to 
a <unk> a of dog . an closely frisbee onlookers catches watches while crowd 
smooth with and rocks playing baby is a . sitting on 
is a baby <unk> on the . rocks beach 
is small rocks boy playing a with 
of a pile on a holding rocks toddler a at sitting . rock beach a 
. of on toddler sits a rocks pile 
kid the rock a green against backdrop of a valley climbing 
. shirt striped up a climbs a woman a mountain in 
man young a climbs a . rocky hill 
a mountain shirt to striped a is on the on . has on a person rope holding and 
the striped person the is shirt . mountain climbing in 
a a climbing man wall rock 
man . a climbing side of cliff the a 
. is a climbing rock man 
, shoes climbing grey . white man and shirt red pants with 
white the rock man young wall with the . up and t-shirt <unk> the jeans is 
a climber face . helmet on wearing <unk> and the blue attached a to rock is a rope 
man a rocky a climbs . wall 
rock large . a climbs a rock climber 
climbs purple rock <unk> in woman a . pants a 
and is helmet climbing . with person blue purple rock pants 
child fountain with a at a playing the beach . 
. plays a a fountain with child 
. a a looks sprays water that at girl fountain 
little a girl water . on frog in sculpture playing a 
the little playing a fountain is public with toy in . a girl 
over a a . dog black a log jumping is beach along 
along and dog wood black the over a a . runs <unk> beach jumps 
running . beach the on dog is a 
small . jumping a a the over at near a wall beach water dog 
beach . running is animal on the an 
eating a white someone out black bird and seeds hand 's of 
white a bird hand on and a black . standing 
sits 's small . bird eats and a hand seeds a in person 
white black holding seeds of <unk> and bird hand on standing someone 
bird the is seeds the small . of hand clinging finger holding to a the 
in the a sand dog is . running brown 
brown . sand playing in dog a the 
the beach . brown a plays at dog 
dog standing is . sand in the a 
running sand a the fast . in dog 
. little in the stands surf boy a 
child wades person another through being . while a <unk> the water by small 
ocean boy while in laughs young a the . splashing 
the in bathing boy a splashing colorful wearing a suit young ocean 
splashing child young in a water . 
tan grass little ears dog a running the through large . with 
a the running through . playful is dog grass 
small the in as it runs . dogs stick ears grass a up 
dog . running is lawn small the the across 
dog beige field a grassy running a is through small this 
a the white . dog is through black field running and 
running , field dog through brown . and a a black white 
is large its mouth with , brown running white black and a dog field a . through open 
. field a in dog running a 
camera a running field with dog . a the its open through mouth <unk> 
pink swimsuit a a girl a in pool in 
girl pool a swimming in . a 
a pool girl bathing in swimming suit a little pink in . a 
girl a little in a swimming . pool 
swimming outdoor in pool . little girl smiling 
is on a child . standing her head 
. little girl head standing a on her 
a . child doing small a handstand bed a on 
young on bed girl handstand a with a a . blue sheets does 
down a on bed upside is the girl 
stands the behind snowboard . a sand him in with a guy 
the holds . surfboard a a on beach man 
man in a . his sand holds snowboard the 
man sand the . his in surfboard with a stands 
white snowboard and standing holding man is sand a . on 
and on worn field a along <unk> by a trees dirt traveling surrounded . in bikes people path are 
's around are people riding atv . motorcycles on and three 
grass . motorbikes a dry follow through trail three on people 
two are grass riding through one four-wheeler brown . and three <unk> people on 
off-road ride surrounded a three . trees by field people bikes through 
holds in flag <unk> with <unk> a a star moon baby a white and . 
on black small is a moon a . baby a it a with star flag holding and 
waves a a white baby gown wearing flag . <unk> a 
toddler dressed a wave him helps in smiling a is white a lady flag little while . 
white baby . holding and black in white flag outfit 
chair his is man a on naked sleeping half outdoors . 
relaxes <unk> are <unk> outside an on older sits . and back where a patio many an bicycles building man 
three to white parked shirtless , relaxes cap in bicycles . deck a man a close a in chair 
in a folding street chair the man relaxing . on 
pants , wearing navy man blue and <unk> outside a a old <unk> white in . topless while hat chair 
a toy a and brown a white floating in . black and ocean and white <unk> dog the from 
from toy retrieve dogs . play both water the the 
a toy in with playing the dogs two ocean 
rope a through dogs the their . in run two mouths water with 
the dogs . two chew at tug a surf in toy 
her finger in people <unk> with head dark mouth a one are . there three and one one drink <unk> haired with holding , hair , <unk> young back , and 
party the . in people streets young the 
while they drink faces as . a stand street one three takes girls in a make busy 
drinking on posing three street women the and 
at women for parade the a three . pose young camera 
running dog through a carrying <unk> is . ball a tennis water brown 
in . its splashes mouth the water a carrying a in while brown ball dog 
a with tennis . a its through mouth swims outdoors dog in brown ball water 
. water , , dog splashes holding <unk> a through red filled ball a 
tennis , and water in with brown ball in dog mouth bushes . 
two river a as in run are brown . creating they dogs splashes large 
. brown water the two dogs in 
dogs brown two . water through running 
dogs through water the . brown runs two 
. water through dogs the splash two 
runs pile of black a next into ocean a the dog . to seaweed 
swimmers beach and black distance in with . <unk> into the , water sea on the in runs <unk> foreground the a the 
, seaweed dog of shore a an the with in ocean . at foreground 
at is running in . a the beach waves dog the 
. the running of pile seaweed the it is water a , big sand a on in sits behind black dog 
sandals runs boy young wearing while a . 
. striped boy is running in little brown shirt shorts and a 
. in shorts the , boy little running shirt a , and outside sleeved short is 
the a little on boy and <unk> deck . wearing walking shirt a black is 
the pavement running . on outside young boy 
dog white and brown stands outside it while a <unk> . 
something looking near a at . the is water dog 
by dry off shaking water its furry dog itself to a coat . the attempts 
. brown dry a self white its dog shaking and 
water dog large shakes . and brown the white off 
ground on the . two men and backpacks their are sitting through going 
are . sitting of at something front in men two looking railing a 
men of front sitting of backpacks placed in two a railing with . front in them 
are backpacks men . along a railing with cardboard sitting on two 
bus station a at men backpacks older sit with two . 
a is bed a on jumping boy . 
. the boy up green from jumped bed a 
boy one jumps a . bed to from another 
is small a on child bed jumping . a 
bouncing the . bed blue boy the on shorts in is 
back the leaping child bed behind . bed to a man from of a 
man something a is two . the room in the with one at while him is his folded looking jumping behind onto arms <unk> of person the standing 
in is standing <unk> a jumping a in wearing yellow of a on shirt the middle two man the boy that background 
a jumping man looks as a the the bed way on child young . other 
boy jumping with little . bedroom man into in the bed standing 
a slope snowboarder nearby on with skiers sits . <unk> a and 
mountainside on takes the . snowboarder a a rest 
snow snowboarders . sitting the skiers in hill while the take 
down is snowboarder sitting the . 
sit two stand skiers two , slopes . on 
a girl walks in street green . a down city 
clothing pants pink small opening store woman child past a and . green in a a in walks 
small a down . child a sidewalk walks 
a stores some boy young walking is of in front 
in is window a piece green past the walking . the one child suit store 
attire a out car soccer holding a and boy of his shoes dressed in . getting 
of boy . a a his out hand is car his in strip soccer whilst red a holding stepping in boots 
boy red . a a shirt in is glasses wearing 
out soccer a shoes car the . of wearing getting child 
gets his out game van a boy soccer a shoes of during prepares and wear for the young . 
bridge high on and man it a a woman green , . a through plants 
with all greenery bridge and . over them a a are rope man crossing a over woman 
a across man bridge walking . woman and a are a rope 
<unk> a and a man tropical in a crossing bridge . a setting woman 
wooden it man and a beside walking woman bridge . with rope across sign caution 
at a painted a family van gathered 
girl of climbing side the a a down truck while bright watch others . from blue 
helping step woman watch is children and a a . down a man girl a three whilst colorful truck from 
off passengers . bus a to its side is very road as of the <unk> the pulled colorful 
women to next a truck four and standing painted children two brightly . 
woman pink a a in . costume poses person a with blond 
woman holds in person smiling a a costume dressed a pig . 
. young pink who a young man a 's wearing costume hugs woman a 
, young blond costume at embracing pink in man event 
two hugging . <unk> wearing one are is stretch people top a and 
riding on . city street a a bicyclist 
bike shorts a her brown rides a in and woman helmet . busy on blue a street 
is a blue riding woman a bike . 
woman riding in traffic is bicycle a her 
woman her helmet a in a a lot wearing bicycle . rides blue parking 
is a a bicycle crossing rider . street 
to cross ready . getting bicyclist a street a 
busy . riding street <unk> a a in biker on 
down street a gear man white and a . busy blue in biking rides 
bicycle helmet a riding down wearing his man a . street the 
wearing . a a helmet lady a holding bike 
traffic bicycle with a and a her woman . vest in in blue helmet stands a blue sky 
a bike behind rides car woman helmet her . in a a 
to her with and next helmet bike walks a . a a woman backpack 
wait . for women bike and with helmet traffic 
street . shorts with along jogging a man a a headset is in 
blue in shorts <unk> a jogs and a person . wearing 
shorts and . shirt is white in blue a headphones a woman wearing 
. wearing a walks on headphones woman a street 
a hat down on a is . wearing and store plant street the shirt corner a jogging woman white with a 
are intersection an at bicyclists standing . 
bicyclists at an . waiting intersection 
intersection people bicycles . at an on waiting 
on light people at bikes . waiting a 
stop in three bikers . town 
pulling large a green shirt without yellow man a a is wagon on horse brown . and a guiding 
a along road horse shirtless a a <unk> paved carriage . pulling a man 
is shirtless man horse that a a . carriage pulling a leading 
a leading man a covered wagon <unk> road small shirtless down 
the shirtless . walking <unk> the is street carriage down the and pony man 
a into . ball tee a to boy hits net off of a ball 
men . while a adult a a into two baseball hitting , child net watch practices 
boys it net . a while a <unk> a man into holds a ball 
net playing the for is the . baseball the holding man boy 
. people three cage a up batting put 
in sun girl bright the . spins a waves in small the 
in . shallow young girl water plays a 
surf and plays as a . the shorts ocean she wears in young shirt 's a girl 
near through girl running shore . the the water 
. through water the splashes the girl little 
playing a girl in a trumpet band marching . 
field teenager on . her plays a the game at trumpet a 
band a trumpet a marching a a shirt wearing girl playing young in blue 
girl playing a in band trumpet marching the 
plays wearing . and blue girl shirt <unk> outside black shorts 
a hands <unk> out at . girl a fair <unk> street 
and asian apron green <unk> a is a in girl hat tray drinks an . on 
tray up of drinks <unk> <unk> a a offering 
the the <unk> to offers <unk> <unk> . <unk> 
holding full a is apron dressed drink woman green of try and in hat a . <unk> 
a men snowy setting plain a are on . up three sledge 
men loading sled on three . items a 
sled people . and three a 
people boat standing fishing ice . three the an preparing snow are in 
gear in put three order people . in snow their the 
wooded in lake child into area the shore plays jumping . a child while on another a a 
the water with into child a his . on jumps sneakers 
a into a of pool kid water . jumping 
in jumping little water boy sneakers . into 
water a on takes his . into shoes man with the leap the 
hat . on straw a bench is a sitting a elderly in man 
on alone park man sits elderly a . bench a 
old a man . park an a bench sits in hat straw on 
the brown in . sitting man old the hat on bench the is 
sweater on . white a under in haired bench gray man a sitting a hat tree straw and 
covered wood . girls and with walking trees three bridge by surrounded across a are 
. an <unk> along garden three pathway walking girls 
under a on path walk trees girls surrounded . by an <unk> three 
three in park through women a a tunnel . walking 
plant through three hallway covered . <unk> a women walk 
, , light on , shorts a sits in girl cap a red a . dressed red rock top a outside colored and 
hat sits a a flip a flops little in . girl on rock yellow red and 
open a legs her with on , and little a . a sitting girl hood is mouth shirt with rock red <unk> 
wearing girl . large yellow <unk> sitting on a boulder is young a 
little rock sits on a the top . girl of 
the man in a near snow . eats tent a 
near and the tent in ice man a sitting a snow . 
tent of blue mountaineer under . sits sky yellow front snow clear in a in the a 
tent jacket yellow sitting . on a front snow a of in hooded person wearing 
mountain jacket area sitting in in . on snow hooded man young 
dog dog grass running a beside in a green grey . black and white 
dogs in a field are two grassy wrestling . 
, two field , wrestling a dogs playing each in other with 
along field two bites one run other a . dogs grassy while the 
in two . field a wrestle dogs 
a towards shirt glasses . a man small bending dog with in stuffed several on down animals a red is and a blanket 
a a in red is dog to giving toys shirt man a small . 
dog a of with his war tug man playing . is 
on black . a a blanket with a dog white man playing 
a his floor on on the dog blanket man the with playing . 
nose guy a piercing with . a 
man . with red in a cap ring a a nose 
a <unk> has silver his from teenage boy a ring . nose 
a a and picture ring closeup shirt brown a with nose of man 
. with man and nose a a young ring hat 
man in <unk> . a yellow 
his with face look a shirt on wearing <unk> yellow a man a 
is the t-shirt his pulling yellow face <unk> on man in large the . a 
man shirt yellow there , and <unk> wearing a is . a , 
man . big the is camera at smiling this very 
a is standing man by a in a games of bar group video . 
on a wall sign beer bar in neon with hanging a the man a standing 
next of a . a machines stands computer <unk> to bank man 
to video . and three a beer game a machines man sign stands next 
a machines . to stands next video man three 
grey plays big on with brown smaller a dog the a dog . grass 
dark the brown the is playing with brown dog dog light . 
. grass the are running through dogs two brown 
side run brown two by side dogs . 
running grass . rough playing in and dogs two the 
waves jumping is shore the a girl . on small in <unk> blue her as 
. the ocean standing a into leaps girl air while by the 
young , a , long-haired in . the beach girl on is , jumping the air 
the shore girl running from ocean . is into the the 
beach girls the air jumping the is the . on into 
walk down . people a of busy a sidewalk crowd 
different group of people in city a directions . are a walking different in all 
street a a . warm weather group people walking of city in 
in intersection city the a time busy in summer 
. summer people city on a the clothes are walking large in sidewalk of 
on ball a nose a dog big his catches 
is . jumping brown to ball red catch dog and a black a 
brown black dog for a a and jumps red ball . 
to . head jumps dog ball his orange get on 
ball jumping a . is dog red brown catch black the to up and 
, are the , in a camouflage a other two . in water fight boys shirt having one and blonde blue 
squirting two each guns at are . other boys water 
two spraying water boys with other each 
squirt two at . other water children each jeans wearing 
water young at . squirting other are boys each two 
into <unk> . a dog brown a after ball a pool jumping 
a swimming above in the air . the dog pool 
dog jumps a backyard pool into a . 
colored dog into is . jumping tan a pool an outdoor 
pool colored tan inground a . into the dog leaps 
carts little red in are children . car parents pushing 
being boys car pushed in a parade in strollers small twin shaped 
alike strollers in being car dressed toddlers plastic parade a twin in pushed 
toy . two ride in cars children 
two parade in being kids strollers in . shaped car a pushed 
. baseball wear their boys a team uniforms 
he hats a same . others the smiles boy as small with wearing stands black 
florida sporting caps . dolphin children their 
baseball the all boys are hats the . same wearing 
<unk> hats three florida . boys wearing 
grass flowers brown dog and the . running through a 
in a . field a dog 
dog field . flowers a a and of grass running in 
stream . <unk> a a dog running in along 
walks dog through field a a . 
a small brown and dog black 
black a dog playing brown and small a with toy 
a small on a blanket a with top toy plays white dog of . 
small , blanket a playing with toy a . on dog a shaggy 
dog on with toy terrier playing blanket 
mouth big tan . a big a on his dog stick in with runs grass 
with a in field dog mouth across a its a running grassy stick . 
his stick running dog a in mouth with a 
a in toward dog mouth its with . camera stick runs the a 
mouth the its a carrying stick dog in . long 
jumping a swimming . dog a into pool 
while the dog grey runs yellow a jumps pool a alongside a . dog into pool 
another pool . 's into runs pool alongside is edge while dog the a one jumping 
the while jumping is the a on dog in tan other grey dog deck one pool 
. a swimming dogs two into pool jumping 
. old an next a sitting lady to advertisement little 
woman at asian waiting an underground train an stop . 
. sits backlit to a in woman old station <unk> an next a advertisement 
sits subway in . a woman station a 
is woman an , sitting with <unk> an umbrella the at a <unk> . with station wall a on 
to her next a as girl a rides another scooter rides . a unicycle 
child girl who scooter rides unicycle a a . rides a a with 
next a street girl . a young rides another busy scooter a a to riding unicycle on 
the . for the child on the the on girl unicycle scooter reaches out 
a girl a is on and . child on a scooter there a unicycle 
sitting and shirt reading in dock man on a . brown a a 
. water , is to next sitting the reading man a 
a post . book a man a dock near the on reading 
in reading pier a a on sitting the . person is brown by a water jacket 
water of body person sitting next concrete on landing to 
. table a sits tree a person at behind a 
stands tall tree wearing . a a purple a behind person jacket 
the in table a eating is a purple woman . snack tree a jacket behind a at 
table at a luggage sits picnic . with eating a woman 
people trees under green eat . 
couple walking a sidewalk along on a 
a outside man a walk . and woman 
man woman standing and front of in <unk> a stand a 
jeans black others shirt stand front a a with in a in and black woman nearby <unk> in pants walks a of walking man a shirt flowery beside . and 
shirt black man behind floral are woman purse and and with with walks a another . them walking while man shirt a a a 
picnic table a on bench . lays a boy 
bench a down laying . a is child wooden on 
stretched a child with out . arms on is a bench 
bench . on little picnic shirt sitting wooden red a a boy table in a 
bench picnic down . on boy table lies little a a 
grass over in fight . dogs toy 
tussle toy , . two for on dogs grass brown orange 
rough green field in . dogs a are of grass playing two 
toy dogs an play in two orange . with grass tall 
the playing . dogs grass in brown two are large 
a person structure a and suspended <unk> boy above . a 
blue front an building igloo a a . the boy type in a is a posing person with shirt above in rope dangling from of building 
man background is picture and . in a hanging a boy a rope the poses for a by 
a structure outside near stands boy a . 
with the white strange background man blue in a young shirt a building wearing a 
dress children by . girl surrounded a in closes eyes brown her a 
dress yellow a with in girl sun a shining on the her face 
girl a busy dress yellow standing her is with in closed a park . eyes in 
white dress girl a young a in 
at a children . park 
of photo in a a jacket jacket taking in man man a a black is . a red 
a red is a in man black photograph . a jacket in a man outfit a of taking 
picture open in a area of just of . takes street busy man an off another a man a 
of man a picture young man taking outdoors another young a 
picture takes young of of in . church young man another man front 
beach on bench . a a sits family near a 
bench a the family overlooking a on . beach sits 
boy sit a , concrete on . girl woman , a , bench man by a beach and 
. a bench beach family the near sitting on 
taking beach <unk> the break a while at 
a <unk> of rock . group sheer climbers a up face 
in a . a rock climbers group wall of rock forest a climb 
climbing trees surrounded are . mountain the many by green people pretty 
people to a a at climb cliff . distance trying 
rocky mountain flat a the large side . of , 
cleaning windows two outside of <unk> men the a 
men of climb . the boat side a two 
on of side two <unk> the a men 
two . a a of people windows cleaning on outside while boat ledge 
the boat white people side on of red . and a stand large two 
laughing . the grass are in two children 
two a in girls . laughing outside yard 
. each standing two grass other girls on face 
playing yard in green two a and grassy young are . girls laughing 
two playing . girls young together 
and swing red is shirt a on a boy in . a white 
looking fast swing moving a on child back a . 
<unk> a playing boy a swing on 
young in orange . and a playground white at park boy a in a swings 
young . on a swing plays a boy 
a . spoon eats a with boy 
a spoon his holds up . to little a boy mouth 
a of is little eating spoon patio while food boy . a a sitting his on off 
a a eating is small with in child green . spoon dressed 
mouth holds in chair . while spoon a child sitting its young a a to 
night . walking a street at on girl alone a 
city a sidewalk blue night heels woman at down and coat blue a . in walks a 
. down brick a woman sidewalk walking a 
walks woman sidewalk a night a at down . brick 
a at night a . down woman walks sidewalk city 
a black dog in a playing weeds brown dog and tall . 
some in brown dog standing other a dog each grass a black are and against 
dogs two are field . outside a playing in 
play in tall . dogs grass two 
wrestle dogs the together long grass . in two 
the a air on dog brown . jumping in plain brown a 
to dog ball air the brown a . into jumping catch a 
. a brown a dog ball catch to leaping 
. leaps to a a dog ball <unk> catch 
air in a by a grassy trees the leaps dog into . surrounded field 
sleeping gray on child a red is a in . cushion clothes 
asleep has fallen and his sofa mouth pacifier a a little boy miniature on a . in 
pacifier on child . sleeping a a sucking 
a teddy is his on toddler sleeping bear red side with a pacifier a wearing at . blanket a 
young . in a sucking <unk> asleep chair a a baby 
baby . a at girl park a playing 
. on playground a child a <unk> adult with of a closeup 
for a playground picture boy a . a young of poses front in 
young girl a in front park . camera is at a of the smiling 
a a with playground little is green and there playing sweatshirt on hair a a red shirt . blond girl 
. horse in a rides girl a helmet a 
girl . rides horse a a 
brown young a riding a . helmet horse girl and wearing a 
<unk> with black girl horse riding helmet brown 
a is horse in . brown girl little the riding 
man soda sells <unk> a . 
is and beer an many . man a soda outside near at bar sitting cans 
lined a man cans front wearing up glasses <unk> . him with in of 
soda man in row sitting . a cans smiling is elderly of while an of front 
selling a vendor drinks stall . in 
for males a the . pose picture <unk> 
other print the men red wearing and a colored hats gold is . one two are the , hat tall is 
two in tall at the men <unk> camera hats 
silly wear makeup men stove . two and pipe wear hats 
the . at hats look people camera sit two wearing and 
shirt wood on sits in blue a behind bench a people two a person sitting . 
. people sit on benches 
benches public in area on a sitting . people 
benches . tile set on wood people and orange white three sit on 
three . <unk> sit people waiting a in 
an overpass in on sunglasses a man . 
man the mask a a looking at man . camera another with wearing 
wearing <unk> a next wearing to is who . hat is a sunglasses standing person man a mask and 
a shirt sunglasses wearing white man the is . and 
backpack a with wearing sunglasses there one a hat of which two and are , is . men 
jumps into a man bald in wetsuit a boy a pool a with . 
jumping a into with goggles man containing a a . pool boy 
while a a watching into is a pool the man jumping child is child 
into jump with a a child watching . is person a swimming blue pool water 
the pool bald a towards boy water in . jumps a young in swimming man a 
board diving flips a boy into a off a . pool 
board off diving swimming boy a a . diving is pool into a 
child into is . a diving a pool 
a jumping swimming into board child diving pool the a from . 
flips off child , man tumbling another diving child at . board <unk> pool and 
who girl to . little catch a a holds bubbles trying lady is 
girl a catch is . who bubbles to woman is little a trying holding 
bubbles with a with a a . at picnic holding playing girl young woman 
woman blue young girl a a in shirt . young a holding a dress , denim in stands 
daughter while her baby is the a there daughter . woman holding <unk> 
gray ear dog brown biting . a dogs a 
ear dogs grey dog . brown biting a 
gray grass ear , bite tan 's dog on mouth to about with dog open . 
in other is two field ; grassy dog playing the ear . a of dogs dog biting are one the 
on playing green together two dogs . are grass 
. protection eye sports wearing girls uniforms and 
are lacrosse female after . players going ball several a 
. are in are and hockey these uniforms field playing girls 
player the in woman . is lacrosse ball about to catch blue the 
women lacrosse play . 
is running number dog a jersey through a . field six in a 
is the . leaping dog through a grass 
running grass red bird field of . a 6 through is number by wearing chased a a green dog and being a while 
white and tan air dog . through leaps a the 
in is the a in vest air leaps . dog flying there bird a and the 
horse <unk> and on brown black a beach the a 
. brown stands that ground a black horse on horse sitting near a the is 
over brown large kneeling black small is sand the horse that <unk> on a stands . a 
<unk> adult on a an approaching plain . a sandy horse 
sitting on and horse brown horse . standing sand a a thin black small 
and a dog carpet black . shaggy a is laying white on brown 
is rug black shaggy a laying and . a dog on brown 
a rug in brown . a furry dog lying black small and down 
dog carpet sitting on small . a white is 
white carpet its a on small head shakes <unk> dog a . 
the suits sitting on girls smiling in sand bathing 
. beach group for picture the a a at of smile friends 
. bikinis a group ladies in of young 
three smiles . the are girls in all bathing suits 
girls sat beach the the . on three 
at . shirt and boy grey his white looking a reflection a in 
at reflection a his . boy looking 
marble reflection his . at a little boy looks <unk> a in wall 
the glass in . his reflection at child looking is 
. at looks asian in his park the boy young reflection the 
distance in nearby in pink is stroller posing with child . a buildings a all the 
hips pink dances girl a . little hands on in her her with 
small dances a wearing sidewalk pink . on the girl 
skirt a dances . in pink stroller a girl near the bright 
on little her in . her girl has hands the hips pink 
a . man on rock sits a 
mountains sitting a cliff in man . the on a 
shirt crouches a wearing rocky man a blue on cliff . a 
a a person on . posing mountaintop 
man . the at a top of sitting the rocky is mountain 
. wooded kids the the near in area water the play 
their 's a in jackets children edge lake in at looking at looking three <unk> water 
on . <unk> into a looking children wooded three the water 
three area lake near <unk> children in play wooded a a . 
water next lake stand the a with three . on children <unk> to their 
laying . pink on a close-up with girl shirt young a of a grass 
girl her . in the shirt a lies on back pink in a grass 
the wearing pink . grass and lays on green a a shirt girl looks up 
the camera in young girl for grass a the posing is laying 
with grass in lying white in pink . writing girl shirt 
hill down bicycle . on rocky man riding a a 
rocky a his dirt down bike rides . a trail man 
hill rides a . a bike person down rocky a 
rocky of blurry biker mountain . descending picture trail 
the rocky a in mountain rides path down blue biker . 
playing sand to children near three are . beach the in 
beach sand at three in children playing 
girls . in three sand the play 
two play , , a blond one on pink girls blue , in little sunny beach in . three 
on three girls young the dance . sand the in beach 
. colorful red ball is and playing dress a little with a blue girl soccer a in 
a little soccer with . dress in playing ball a girl a 
a plays girls <unk> clothes blue in with ball . 
the a soccer girl . is kicking and blue ball red young 
ball girl soccer in blue . young a dress over stepping 
it under a get a <unk> dog to trying . cat and growling with bench the 
hiding under cat bench dog with toys . a a a 
a and snarling . brown under wooden a black brown <unk> cat dog a bench long-haired 
. cat <unk> a approaches a dog snarling 
. brown dog bench brown at cat growling black and under hiding wooden 
an . adult motorcycle child police a and on sitting a 
and on . a woman a vehicle police a child motorized are sitting 
on camera the boy sit motorcycle and a woman and smile police a . a young for 
and woman on police boy sit a motorcycle . a 
motorcycle on sits little a . and boy police woman a 
bike dirt red man red muddy a down road going on a biker suit a a . in 
motocross motorbike is outfit on . a uphill red red a in a man riding circuit a 
red riding down a in a man bike path dirt riding gear a 
a riding a up man hill dirt a muddy bike . 
racer a hill red . dirt up helmet jumpsuit in and a a rides motorcycle 
walk . by hanging a of in a display stall people underwear 
cars <unk> background pairs <unk> from of people and in with three hanging the a underwear 
pairs a three hanging line . on <unk> of <unk> 
line of hanging red shelter pairs under are from three a a <unk> . 
. on a women of are wire three pairs hanging 's awning under underwear an 
stream bike . in beside standing person 
a . bicyclists picture by stream for a pose two 
biker . ground two across walk the 
a bikers two in stopped creek . off road 
rocky bicycles , , bike gear a . <unk> near people with in stand two 
girl a a a fence shirt leaning while . is in <unk> glasses against with smiling 
a that pink is girl wearing and out is of is . smiling there a shirt child another and focus overalls 
stopped children in motion playing 
standing green are fence two on metal . a children 
behind in holding fence water to . , one , overalls a on them two girls with 
his shirt that head is says boy down a has a and wearing . <unk> 
a head a boy <unk> white wearing young shirt black down <unk> with and his 
logo <unk> the of an t-shirt is boy the black . <unk> with a wearing <unk> 
. looking young boy down an wearing <unk> t-shirt 
<unk> " " a boy with young t-shirt off <unk> black 
in a a boy lake playing 
the is splashing in water a child 
beautiful playing the water with a in and the boy mountains a little in sunset background . is 
a water him while <unk> in over child clouds small splash white with the float . the mountains a 
the boy young in mountains the . water background plays a in with the 
couple table at a sit umbrella talk with of people a outdoors and . an 
are . sitting three picnic an with an outside bench at people umbrella 
. people sit an at cafe outdoor three 
three union jack of in the building painted table like people at a an front . sit outdoor 
outside table like sit jack three . union a painted picnic at building a of a people 
little arms with . park girl others at a outstretched plays a with sprinkler 
a in water fountain . play children 
playing children public <unk> . in 
girls a young playing , a and <unk> the other shorts are one , wearing . two in the fountain wearing skirt 
a park two a in playing . water fountain at kids 
a car in . a red drives person 
car the with a a a red in in bridge person , . background 
<unk> waits person inside . a red car a 
driving red . over bridge car a a 
the is . in the bridge the red car lady crossing 
. a on bench girl a wooden with black a purse sitting 
woman the alone . in on bench park a a sits sun 
bench wooden sitting on a is a with handbag . woman a 
woman wearing long is a collared bench and gray . sitting a a asian wooden young on shorts t-shirt 
on a young with black . sits purse bench a a wooden woman 
park in is next with on bench a to white a . dog shirt girl a sitting her a 
her leashed white and stands to dog a on brown a while a woman bench . eats next 
woman a dog in her bench is leash her with . on and a on white lap a a to side a <unk> blue sitting 
in dog park her a front bench sits with . the at her of woman on a 
on and white of . woman the large and brown dog bench sitting leash holding a 
enjoys a a biker coffee . 
the in a green through riding is a a bicycle sunglasses a <unk> whilst drinking and streets . bright shirt man 
a in shirt bright man green a drink <unk> a a a , bicycle courtyard paved . in riding 
a with drink rides hand his a bike and . other with holds man on one the 
drink . a a with his shirt hand green in wearing riding man a a bike 
baby climb girl out <unk> is her green to attempting of a 
tries in a . out playpen to climb of pigtails baby their 
pigtails female . in green playpen to climb white of and a toddler a trying out is 
a . toddler in playpen is a green 
of . out playpen blonde baby to yellow room pigtails in climb attempting green with 
in a out . man snow-covered over red looking a jacket mountains 
and snow red an a at gear <unk> looks . in snow mountains of man 
ski . red a looking in and over black person landscape outfit , snowy mountainous a a is 
looking coat a red a person landscape in snowy a . at out 
the from view summit 
large white dog stick carrying a a black and 
. and dog is a in stick a its mouth black white carrying 
with dog his and a through stick long a mouth grass the white black in . walking 
. dog a holds in its mouth a stick 
in large mouth across with a his stick the dog ground . a trots 
. grass the in in football boy a a with <unk> blue 
down the a football grass laying with at boy a feet his . on face 
lying boy on is the face football grass in . foot down with his a 
. the the the on ground football is next boy to 
the football . while the playing fell into first face grass boy little 
a with seated candles table lit candle with at girls covered 
a birthday for <unk> 5 place who girl <unk> a has <unk> taking . 
celebrating birthday with brightly lit . boy cake and family his his a 
children smiling birthday a around cake gathered 
and girls near little . , woman with four candles cake 
after a black carrying dog . another black a runs is who dog ball 
black pavement two on running dogs are 
area trotting black an through empty dogs . public two are 
two running black dogs 
a are <unk> playing . dogs two on 
adults camera off kids a <unk> an splashed and . <unk> few by about get 
a water in a group . children fountain of are 
of children pool standing shallow in a a of group water . 
on a day . the young a water in kids of sunny play group 
play sprinkler . a adults with children and 
winter . walking the landscape people with a snow in four 
beautiful snow . through <unk> the snowy landscape with people 
traveling cross-country towards . the skiers at are sunset mountains 
walking across a four people snow thick . during sunset 
. the almost mountains is sun the snowy behind 
. black man tan and , shirt pants in shorts in man red white <unk> a and one shirt with 
playing in , tree golf background foreground two the . men in the 
distance <unk> looking <unk> on into . two the the are standing off 
. off into with look blocking the two distance the <unk> sun hands 
a golf . the men course into looking two on distance 
ready the getting swing is . girl a to club 
over club leans a shirt . in golf woman a blue shorts and sleeveless a 
. golf a woman taking a a swing is with club 
. shorts a wearing golf and a hat shirt khaki blue plays woman with 
blue wearing woman a golf swing begins . a 
clouds the a . on mountain a in standing with background gray man rocky 
. walking man without lots a of rocks shirt of top is a on 
rocky walking on a man is hill shirtless a 
a with backpack a shirtless man . 
a against person a background is backpack shown of cloudy rocks a pile a on . with topless with 
, structures behind shirt red moon a blue on green him boy a dressed . a runs with and shorts and khaki a and beach white in half 
on sweater running the in boy beach a red a 
runs a wearing boy a . beach a shirt along red 
wearing colorful . beach along a red runs a a sweater boy 
. blue beach , <unk> beach and on white young and in boy green runs red passes 
a . boat a lake on 
a in . sideways the air flies wakeboarder 
waterskier tricks a . performs 
. a a flip does a waterskiing <unk> behind man 
. a behind waterskier flip does the a boat 
behind the on a begins another board while knee a is doing to pulled man fall boat same a . 
wakeboard boys two . 
. waterskiing two boys 
a two boat by water are and in . being people the are wakeboarding pulled 
younger people two boat behind on watercraft . a being are pulled 
in group . of <unk> costume at fair a a people 
. costume in fair <unk> a people at 
a look wearing colorful woman a two costumes at brown vest . in little girl 
a cart <unk> a of . in sitting medieval <unk> women and a booth are a front two by child at of 
a near medieval two small a fair child at women . <unk> 
children pond moving watch in and sit the fish the 
orange the people stare fish . at 
near fish are a pond . standing several people 
in watching fish . a some children pool 
looking . there are floor several blue a with and <unk> into people water tiled and children 
white boy . a in baseball plays 
baseball is boy young a through ready getting to a 
pitch for getting little ready <unk> 
and white baseball a wearing holding uniform . baseball is a boy the 
the his player baseball pitch <unk> <unk> young . 
stands in crowd a the . african-american woman 
a blue a a woman is in near . dress standing dark-skinned crowd 
crowd a in a walks dress people a . blue of girl through 
crowd woman stands a . dress in blue a a in 
top is blue . back in a crowd a distance shown lady a halter , of the wearing the 
with to . tongue next mouth clinging bar a to a out sticking his boy open and a platform 
. <unk> a he his tongue <unk> as climbs sticks out a 
boy set a climbing backyard . play a small 
a out wooden a . platform climbing his tongue stuck with young onto is boy 
boy is . the climbing 
tan black the and a snow in dog 
out tongue furry a sticking dog his brown husky . 
snow stands the a blue wearing harness and . dog a pants in 
straps from turning wearing it front head in of is the object green its dog . away husky a 
dog the to pull . gear husky sled a wearing a 
person a a up . pull of sled a dog dogs a hill on group 
. flags snowy past pulled <unk> on hill rider 
pulling dogs a sled race a in sled . 
sled a . , on a five through pulling the person snow sled dogs are 
a <unk> his snow man trail on is the dogs 
boy sitting water . a in 
and the through splashing sitting a is water up small legs in is water . boy his 
water young in in a boy swimming . sits suit a 
a . boy a water a on sitting jet young in pool 
lap a fountain boy with sitting coming in up water his . little through 
. red a snow dog in harness a 
dog a dog and by white a brown attached harnesses . 
straps dog white back red with . on looking is it a 
has in back straps dog its red . the 
harness are a . with the <unk> red dogs together 
the black snow dog a and a . on white 
. are white on dog dog and black standing a a snow 
a camera of one snow one white dogs and two in black . field , , face the 
dogs the in two snow . standing 
two . dogs the snow stand in 
the big dog water open wide . in his mouth jumping is and brown a has 
water its over in . the a shoulder brown dog barks 
a a at dog the jumping in water . <unk> 
his up water sky at with mouth a as dog the open through runs the . looks he 
collar through water running the a with a dog 
a garden . dog into leaping is pool a brown swimming 
a pool leaps brown swimming dog . into a 
after a fluffy . , into pool brown swimming a toy red a dog jumping 
dog pool a into a . a jumps swimming toy after 
. dog a as into <unk> of pool a to an grab jumps toy he orange leap a takes 
a . on jumps the red dog grass a for ball 
a is ball attempting a air jumping in dog the to red catch white . 
ball a jumping catch red to . a dog white 
white with . with blue red collar a dog ball a plays a 
dog a red playing . the is with ball 
table picnic from . another jumps to boy one a 
one jumps boy at a to table . another park from a 
a another picnic . walking child is from one to table 
a park boy a picnic on . running young at tables is 
to other the hops park in boy from . table picnic the one the 
sitting to down a on the . her dog smile to sidewalk terrier crouches at little girl woman a next 
in small a a girl woman to and young top . talks a a red dog 
infant a woman a dog showing small to an 
squatting while woman a dog child small face a a . holding to 
on ground a dog a sat talking . is woman who brown toddler is with to the a 
a showing her <unk> a painting and female artist . paper 
a a painting woman man near a . sitting phone on and 
on a man a cellphone portrait watches a while woman drawing . 
a <unk> woman near outdoors a a writing on portrait 
man near phone standing seated with on writing display outdoor woman 's , artist . 
with on black sitting is black top a and in . a a red wall pants girl dressed 
sits shirt wall . brick and plant striped red a on front tropical a of a black in girl in a 
brick wearing black a garden is a red striped wall sitting girl a on shirt and flower a . near 
a a wall is shirt and in red sitting black <unk> a on lady . striped 
in wall <unk> attire . concrete a on is sitting woman a 
picture sidewalk are standing crowd , while of people on a one a taking . a is man together 
guy a a in picture taking blue . a sweatshirt 
taking a picture sweatshirt a a man blue in 
an device <unk> a crowd electronic a . in person 
a sweatshirt aims and a person a in blue . a people while crowd of camera standing jeans near 
man of something crowd people out a at . of frame , look one a picture takes 
look people picture something takes while one a of a group at stop . to 
" a sale next a with . <unk> stands camera bag to shopping a in woman a young a with " crowd man 
man the the is gathers . while a taking picture crowd 
white glasses in is bag holding woman the red and a . sale 
a an flag . backpacker wearing the american mountains in 
carring hiker an flag a . american 
hiker on flag his backpack an walks with woods the . a american through 
backpack hiking is a his american with a on flag on . path man an mountain 
on a mountain a person hikes . 
child by while another arms . her a being watches is child <unk> 
<unk> child a underneath in midair is a . blanket 
girl an sweater in is a a <unk> by . around hand little unseen 
while watching hands on his her <unk> is sits or a grass . another child by child young 
the arms being <unk> is little . by her girl around 
bar . on stool girl sits a a 
sitting a bar in girl . a dark 
at dark . a a bar sits woman 
dark chairs . <unk> with 
a dark there . several including room one in a on a , people <unk> girl stool 
camo a boy wearing off into life <unk> vest blonde a shorts blue a and . lake blue jumps a 
a a a diving . large boy off in lake pier backward 
jacket life water a blue boy in . into jumps the a 
into the blue a a boy board jumps . jacket lake a in life off 
a is board into . diving boy holding jumping a nose a and off his backwards lake 
to . asian camera evil eye gives a the man an 
the . holds cellphone suit in air a his man a in 
. serious looking with a a young holds suit man a cellphone 
looking his is asian a young . cellphone man at 
his on sitting while . using is cellphone a train in suit man 
trunks in boy . a swimming 
on shorts the wet toddler laying in a is blue . down face ground 
boy young water face down . a laying in 
. reflective , in shorts in shallow water face , boy down 
swim . watery down boy face the is pavement trunks on in a laying 
wall in , splashing grey water boys of a bathing in suits front . block in three <unk> play 
order three boys wet wall size a to next getting in 
play . water boys a three of in spray 
boys water playing three some . in 
three in shirtless the boys . water playing are 
with in a dirt a shirt face boy his on blue 
face dirty a . with smiles boy a 
looks a child . dirty face camera a and the at with smiles 
background , blond plants with face child bottle in holding with yellow dirty . cap red 
has . hair blonde the face and dirty boy a 
a and girl pink outfit in writing hot black black a girl in next leotard and man a is and checkered and a white in a to standing a red . with white cap 
two with who around for a are posing picture him man arms his . a has women 
uniforms with with a a man . in dressed posing backpack two cap girls and tight 
with pose . two blonde under man an a <unk> umbrella 
a with guy . posing woman two 
outdoors from bars man a hanging 
hangs at a man jungle a the gym . monkey bars onto 
ladder a gym man holding . a onto jungle 
monkey at clothes bars night in . swinging a warm man on 
monkey bars on the a man swinging 
. life boy <unk> pool very at edge is the of a baby orange an shoulder a slide wearing 
gown a an orange . has little boy slide down 
water down water in . a a slides wings small slide a suit boy and bathing 
down into young very floaties . blue swimming a pool a a , boy sliding slide wearing 
is the to . sliding the small slide water down pool hit and about a boy is 
tracks a station train on near a girl poses the 
tracks green woman railroad shirt a a . wearing on the stands 
tank in . young of a the standing green tracks female in and middle top the shorts railroad a 
track top girl cars of with the train middle train to . a in the multicolor right green tank standing with 
the empty and the top is with tank . railroad track of girl middle the standing grey the green in shorts 
on and stands girl <unk> railroad jean a tank top tracks . a in 
a barefoot the tracks is railroad girl standing on 
tracks in train girl . the stands a 
on in jeans standing railroad and . tank young a a woman top tracks 
is tracks out standing girl train on the . 
dark shirt sign a bearded it man wearing peace haired . yellow on a a turquoise with 
peace sign man . smiles his shirt on wearing a a 
at peace something a . look with man stops a to shirt sign 
orange with bearded shirt sign an smiling a wears a peace man 
a by peace the the . bright <unk> man orange the on back worn t-shirt has 
. in a hat feather looking a down man 
. person a sunglasses wears and a headdress 
a . a a and store woman shaved dress print head a at in floral 
outside a shopping woman with . a <unk> <unk> is 
wearing . wearing earrings a feathered is person the hat 
. field of running are dogs two a the flowers through 
dogs pink through two field of are a running . flowers 
<unk> bound two . dogs a hill over 
misty playing a purple in dogs with field filled two flowers 
dogs through two a pink <unk> of gray run field . 
other two surfboards wave . to on children each 
sports to children two in participating <unk> while prepare water . 
<unk> a on . <unk> give another one two to kids attempt 
two five for signal . high <unk> kids <unk> wakeboarding to a 
. in young two one the each wakeboarding air with hand kids 
a street of . <unk> in the racer tire man racer is another examining motorbike 's 
the the down <unk> white road two bike . the racers 
that vehicle is along their <unk> on and <unk> . colored <unk> are riding two 
a a by . driving in small green two hill are people car race 
in uniforms two in a racing car street people . 
he orange swims carries his black ball tennis . an as mouth a in dog 
water the swims a in . dog black 
mouth a in water through with swims tennis its , . black a dog , ball 
holding a dog a its in tennis swims . ball mouth 
the is ball the swimming with . dog 
the boy black wearing a sandals along runs grass . 
a through field runs a . child 
small a through running face with smile the grass child his a on . male 
grass through . boy a the smiling runs 
grassy a a is young boy in field walking . 
splashing blue boy in under water shirt a dock in a 
a laughing girl a ocean in splashes holding bucket the 
. plays a pier a blue bucket young with under girl a 
bucket with blue splashing a in girls . ocean and water playing the is 
splashes . bucket the the beneath blue with girl the pier 
a from jumping into is boy board body . a the ocean 
boy . a through splashing ocean the 
through the . child running a water 
a young into running boy the boogie board with water a 
the runs ocean little into . the boy 
hand trampoline . an a one on in outdoor one handstand girl is doing while stands on the trampoline girl the another with air 
trampoline one watches girl handstand girl doing is on another a while a 
the children playing trampoline the on . are 
a trampoline two on girls are performing tricks . 
in on jumping . a backyard girls a two trampoline 
a and with a out runs . tongue hanging its dog field grey black in 
a runs . black through dog with a collar red grass 
with . open mouth hanging dog out and walks red a black grass a tongue collar with through his the 
red grass and through . hanging runs a with its a tall out tongue collar dog 
. the collar is in running red with dog field a 
person hanging a mountains a near from pole telephone . the 
person air in from power . hanging the is the a lines 
from hanging lines is a person down upside power . 
hanging from person down poles upside 
is wires <unk> someone suspended from . 
wall a on puppies . each other chase two stone little 
stones across garden two . flat puppies run in area 
puppies on two . stones walking 
area heavily puppies along . run a the stone <unk> wall a two small edge of nearby 
path puppies small walking tan on stone two a 
but dogs sunny running morning cold on a 
a is snow over pulling a sets sun as the group dogs . sled of 
snow across sled pulling a are the dogs . 
through near dogs . snow sled a forest <unk> 
through dogs the walk . two snow 
. balloon hello dress a plays kitty in a a with girl green 
wearing street dress . a orange green girl with the walks and a on balloon a 
elaborate girl in little dress figure pink after green an is a . a chasing and orange white and balloon 
kitty is street on right and green <unk> in balloon orange her the a hello hand dress . a a with little holding girl 
wearing balloon is a kitty and girl dress . holding the a hello green 
river a girl . bank and on facing a boy standing water the are a 
of on a boy a girl a the small and stand lake shore slightly . blue older 
boy woman of stand the shore . a a river a young young on and 
boy , in shore and at brown of standing two a a . in yellow , the people girl lake 
's water two edge . the stand people by 
a wearing life . girl a floating vest 
a . in a water wearing girl life floats vest 
her girl water in young life and jacket . back over peers floats on her a 
in young girl a lake floating jacket a wearing a red . <unk> life 
device is wearing the . water little the in floating a girl 
girl . of a laughing little closeup a 
laughing pink . and a is <unk> girl a in hat purple a shirt 
girl wearing young stands <unk> smiling and hat shirt a a . purple 
, the , hat top . purple girl is and wearing in shorts laughing a the 
at . the camera her with the girl smiles little eyes closed 
along bikini huge walks a . with a beach in beach girl and sandy a the behind clouds her 
a sandy blue is standing beach top woman on a wearing young swimsuit a . 
in scene woman skimpy young top with foreground in bikini beach 
bikini beach the top on in is walking woman a 
young bikini in a on top beach woman the . 
enjoys . shower rain a a boy 
boy a a . in trunks is bathing standing water shower under 
swim with being in water while boy trunks sprayed . a screams 
ground is sprayed a water a while flat from with . <unk> boy surface being 
. a a boy black wearing standing trunks is swimming fountain in 
long a . brown dog some grass in is sitting 
a still on dog brown a hillside sits . 
hill dog on grassy sits a tan large . a 
on sitting a a yellow large is hill dog . 
dog on is the of sitting the hill the . side 
instructor little skating hands ice with a her . holding girl 
an . ice girl girl helps younger a skate older 
the ice one while another girls on they the with skate hands two . hold 
skating each two ice with other are . girls 
rink skating go in two a people ice . 
surrounded and black a adults little a a by lying boy girl little on bench are . 
down with one people by museum laying at benches two a person . standing sitting and children 
sitting a . two black are of some <unk> children on row and adults 
benches a look two four . at <unk> puffy on adults on museum children while 
an museum on adults two art view art the at <unk> while children <unk> the rest . around them 
playing . and boy on a a the beach girl 
on and a beach are playing boy the the sand . small in girls 
a set are standing on begins sun beach to two the which one of as the , children is holding , . stick 
the . two silhouetted beach sun children the on by setting 
with children two the . beach sticks young at playing 
and the in a mountains with lush behind brown it stands dog clouds <unk> a . field 
. the golden dog in mountains a trail through with a grass on background walks tall 
a grass . through high retriever golden walking 
out through field running his with tan tongue hanging dog a a 
dog tan hanging along walks with a path a out long tongue pink grassy . his 
on sleeping his transportation on a man a bag with public lap 
a has who . transportation asleep man public fallen on 
an a in , asleep subway on man the suit . asian 
<unk> a train riding a the man takes . <unk> nap business while 
railing and take tie man in nap . a <unk> on against to young a leans a a suit public 
background . people in dusk at <unk> , the street stand a a on with corner 
people aid <unk> stand <unk> the of outside <unk> on . 
front a lit the sign in people <unk> street with . of cross up to waiting 
front store street in <unk> of some a the to . look people cross 
front to sign <unk> neon a and <unk> people the has of street a is of that <unk> a aid in . this picture it cross <unk> bright are 
and the a is . running in dog black grass white 
field . low running nearby an of a across a cut black trees is dog area 
field a . a runs through dog black 
dog field in a . a runs 
is field a grassy dog black white a and . large running through 
vest kissing <unk> wearing a . the wearing , man <unk> cheek a the is bow-tie man , another and on shirt same 
head man shaved a with a another on kissing cheek . is man the 
of man and a a in on the tie man another happy . kiss one cheek plants vest 
both vests one kissing white another are shirts man the . and in with on man black check 
men wear men being the one man on by laughing are <unk> both wearing formal cheek is another while , 
. each asian man woman an seated train other from across in in glasses subway and a a are 
subway people on a . 
people a inside . train sit 
a sit people . train on several 
woman two . sitting one are and in men train a subway 
a building of balcony a near on people a stand <unk> colorful group . 
<unk> and ride woman . children balcony of a the an amusement 
and of woman a walking children carnival . the <unk> two <unk> through a upper 
colorful . stand balcony on a people 
in walking <unk> building . people 
women three . standing city a street on 
down the three street women walk . 
a on walking the girls sidewalk two woman and 
and in a two are woman green together boots girls bright . 
them black are follows . wearing while boots young green lady two older in ladies through walking an urban shoes area an 
a fence baby . swing near swings a a wooden in 
wearing all on white . baby swinging a swing a 
is swing a baby playground on in the little girl swinging . a 
a rides girl . swing child 's little in a 
in baby baby outfit a young swing white girl swinging a a wearing 
in girl standing the a ocean 
in walks . a girl the ocean 
her water as in the the jacket . a a feet woman covers on facing stands it red beach 
watching <unk> . the a woman is 
. shore standing the beach a of on woman 
the woods shoes in a a a swing brown-haired in near swings green . child on park 
. child on swings the a <unk> and her shines down 
sits a <unk> swing wearing a area child . in on a wooded 
air feet a with his kid up a the forest in . in swings 
child . breaks rides as sun a swing a the the trees through 
are swords . girls the with playing foam 
a sparring watches bat girl two another with . girls and while blue red 
while swords one two playing helmets plastic with drinking looks on with kids cup . from <unk> a 
playing a while a . in girls <unk> two swords young watches park with rubber 
young <unk> an referee being with the is two while to play . older girls acting girl as <unk> 
some bushes two front make funny the pose . in of a children 
. two doing shirts funny poses are boys in blue 
blue wearing boys backpacks in shirts . two 
and posing shirts . shorts blue two boys khaki in 
a . shirts pose wearing boys matching blue two strike goofy polo 
down the a holding bear girls teddy walks . a road 
a toy girl to running a a down lane is on little . holding 
. down in girl a a dress a path little runs denim 
girl young with dress down a teddy bear blue a road wearing a a . gravel runs 
bear dress . a teddy and wearing brown a denim is little girl the holding 
a backpacker down a rocky mountain . walks 
path a with towards land walks rocky . a water down hiker 
backpack blue a hikes and face black a with . rock a down man 
hiker mountain and rock down snow climbing a covered . 
and climbs the snow . rocks the man through 
. plays dog puppy snow a the an adult in with 
of the dog the in snow one another . dog on back climbing 
in playing are beige . snow the two dogs 
other the on the . , two snow in dogs on standing 
the snow . playing in are yellow <unk> two 
females head scarves three standing wearing together 
at a <unk> camera . looking are women three 
three in women and head . dresses scarves outside 
examine a in scarves women camera head three . 
. and scarves three women skirts head with long 
is from water jet down a bending to drink dog brown of trying a . 
a from <unk> the sprinkler on water brown a . grass dog 
drinking a dog . from a creek 
brown the is face large a in sprinkler his sticking . dog 
, grass on dog water side spray . drinking frame left brown of from 
up a pushing . another a pole boy boy 
boy little pushing another the little up boy . pole 
climb another a street in to is the green . boy boy helping one pole 
one on climbing a pole the with ground boy of boy help small another the 
is pole boy . trying push another to up a the 
sign in dress man <unk> and is standing tie a in shirt a front of . a selling 
<unk> cement front a <unk> a of . shop among man stands in 
. standing between a on cement is shirt with man sidewalk tie a and a <unk> white 
<unk> the man street in . a 
shop a <unk> man between <unk> stands . concrete near 
tee a a blue craft . a before <unk> of boy fabric shirts stands blond in green smiling 
outside child . wearing water glasses a near poses 
the smiling beach . girl on small a 
young the a kid at beach . 
a man blue a wearing a wearing pirate shirt goggles young swimming it on with skull 
a a to saxophone hydrant next playing fire man . is a 
a to fire . a saxophone plays yellow hydrant next man 
playing . a by a wall stands man a saxophone 
beside and red standing man fire playing instrument yellow musical hydrant a 
a next playing is to fire the and saxophone a man standing hydrant . 
dog red ball in a . the <unk> midair 
retrieves a golf . a dog ball 
brown its mouth red a toy little with hind . stands a in dog legs on his 
in jumped mouth has red . up who his a a ball terrier 
<unk> mouth air the a to red a . jumped in into its ball catch 
a . girls down in park two are dirt walking road a 
a . road behind walking two far dirt man women a down with 
walking two an women trail outdoor . on 
by a rural trees women path are young <unk> walking along . two 
. two walk a along women dirt young road 
a on green train of statue girls a with few foam <unk> hats 
<unk> some green <unk> adults young are . wearing of <unk> foam 
new photos take young while in other of some . york people each 
statue three of taking woman with a . hats <unk> and picture 
a in subway taken <unk> wearing two hats . statue woman their picture of get 
jumping black balls . pool after a into white and a tennis dog 
a it with a lot into white dog a balls in jumping . pool and of black tennis 
a . that into black in jumps dog many balls yellow has it pool a 
tennis pool some to jumps a swimming retrieve dog . into floating a balls 
in swims pool . a a dog 
jumping rail girl over . a a red-headed barefoot 
jumps on a trampoline the girl . 
a over . side its a ladder railing girl on or jumping a young 
. the shed by small the the girl haired the red tree under jumps on trampoline 
on . the hair child trampoline red young with the <unk> 
water through white brown the on dog . runs leash a a 
in the . dog water playing soaked a is 
a running water in leash . shallow on dog tan a ocean 
through running leash some a . wet is dog water a on 
brown shallow dog through water . running 
in boy some woods jumping the and blue no is jeans in wearing air a the shirt . 
. air a in leaps the guy a wooded area into 
jumps shirtless . a a forest sunny man in 
jumps man a log shirtless a over . 
boy . in jumping the woods the is 
a stand man water and . on overlooking a a dog hill 
near walks dog . the a ocean man his 
leash an elderly is using red man a brown a walking dog . 
walk an takes water . his near for dog a elderly the man 
an camera brown a holding dog old a walking . man small while 
to a tank sunglasses in talking boats top sitting a woman next rock is . a and white man surface on to a blonde 
by ground are . and man on surrounded a a the and woman boats sitting 
a small and woman man boats sitting near a . 
by . are the the woman man sitting boats and 
. a beside small few sitting two boats people 
a line his casting a boy off pier fishing young 
children a fishing off bridge 
people fishing over white fence 
next to with . to next young fishing rod his casting standing boy him others water 
<unk> boy young background standing a fishing people , . other dock wearing are in on the 
and . a jumping dog white a black into pool 
. dog swimming pool jumping and black into white a a 
jumping black pool dog large into a a . 
black a wet dog fetch . into a a jumps to pool ball 
pool camera leaps from into dog . and black away white 
on . dog a white are a grass black the running and 
dog in . race look spectators white a dog field grassy while black a a on and 
by side running while dog and watch the a black on a dog onlookers side white . grass 
pitbull and a black , . dogs side by side two run labrador a , 
people dogs a looking two . racing field , in on with 
of hood fire a car a <unk> . under a firefighter the 
fireman hood car a the a spraying water on small of into white jack 
the jack . open sprays of hood small a a on inside fireman , car white 
using . on <unk> car a engine on a that <unk> fireman is a up a 
. was that water <unk> a fire on car firefighter uses to 
. <unk> flags a in man a by field american 
frisbee thrown a in is man flags a monument being front a and of . 
washington man the at clapping base a <unk> of . is the 
in front arch man . <unk> a the of stands 
. on flags a by catch football tries grass to man surrounded american a 
a covered with is marker . boy 
dirty a child the in plays house 
small door is stands a boy wearing the . near marker a in and diaper covered 
of a a stands white in in <unk> boy young covered . front door 
boy a marker covered a <unk> . in in is <unk> young 
the vertical a girl logs sand is blonde on . stepping in 
on little a . walking girl a is of a logs along sandy line beach 
girl wooden young . <unk> balances on a the at beach 
young ocean . a on the <unk> is beach on next the to girl walking 
into girl a along sand beach wooden the posts of tops on walking set . 
is . baby laughing a 
in mirror reflection at baby laughs a his a . 
toddler a smiling a . blonde hoodie in <unk> haired 
from whilst . reflection red his smiling a a is looking top boy in away hooded 
of a the in his reflection smiling own turning camera child front . and towards 
up man a a wall climbing is 
of the no a man rock side . a large shirt climbs wearing 
rock climbing wall lines shirtless man up a rope with safety the 
rock a shirt climbing a is . without man 
rock . rock there climbing large top is holding very a a climber of to on the and 
softball a female making pitch . a player 
a throw to is girl winding up . a softball 
a a a teenage is . catching during girl softball game 
playing kids softball . 
background house with playing young in softball white girl 
. thrown playfully is air the in child being a 
in on an an an of air empty a girl the a jacket stretch beach . orange <unk> into tosses man on day playfully small 
orange an beach in the into the man vest tossing a on air a child 
a . in throws man small up a child air the 
air man . a beach , child the young at orange an into in a tosses vest a 
coming <unk> white is dog a a . obstacle of blue out fluffy striped 
. white dog a small tent a of running out 
on course obstacle is canvas a emerging dog . tunnel from blue a an white 
out dog the tent is white coming . poodle blue a of 
leaving . dog <unk> tent white 
race an a red car <unk> . man drives 
. driven car a marked number is and a red blue seven race by in man a shirt the with beige 
<unk> man driving car race number . 
small . is the track race red a a around car driving man 
has red the a the side . car circle number seven in on white the 
through the . girl grass a a carries lot 
carrying camping a a girl in gear forest 
and carries in sandals girl pink . shirt equipment a orange an 
in bags animal , rural little and area carrying girl . stuffed 
camping stuffed young girl dog carrying . brown and gear a 
. flowered a girl a in through some <unk> leaves dress 
girl tree . a through leaves the peeks a on 
. through green peeks a girl leaves the 
girl . young green a through the foliage peers 
girl a 's looking . face through young leaves 
a to a <unk> boy <unk> . is wall attempting 
up boy . whilst rope wall artificial is an to climbing attached climbing a a 
<unk> a on boy climbing little wall a . 
rock boy a . wall climbing 
climbing young a . in boy scaling wall harness climbing 
a small . walks a river at into man waterfall a the of bottom <unk> 
a . water standing in near is man waterfall a 
a water . the at man base standing a the of waterfall in 
waterfall watches man a a water the . wades in and 
a the a body water of waterfall stands . in near man 
near the dog black runs , through . big , the water a shore 
a crossing a dog stream black 
through water a stream of a . black is walking dog 
through the black a . runs water dog 
dog a water walks black through some . 
sand boy surfing a hill a down 
. a on made surf down to a sunny of sand attempting hill day a man is 
man huge . sunny day dune is a a on sliding a down sand 
is man of . hill down surfing a a sand 
sky and a t-shirt young in snowboarding man under blue is shorts a bright . 
runs forest . a something through the in mouth with dog its 
runs an holding dog in . object while its mouth a 
carrying a through something running yellow its area small dog . mouth in a grassy 
running with red mouth leaf young collar in . a its a puppy a with 
grass the toy the a is . through dog carrying 
in . running on dog red grass a is jacket the a 
is across . a a red saddle trees grass and running dog with nearby low a wearing field 
. long vest the hair and dog with a grass a in runs red 
shirt a wearing . red a through the dog grass tan runs 
vest in dog . red in the runs field the the 
. grass black dog running a the is in 
. the a grass black running is poodle through 
is dog grass black small the a in . 
the running grass the black . through is dog 
through . the walking dog black grass tall is the 
outside blue kids full in tub water play a of 
kids small hot water . big container a day three a in with , on filled sit 
little outdoors tub water . small kids of the in sit a 
a filled <unk> plastic and play into three . children with water tub 
on rubber three boys take a a in grass little bin bath . the 
cloth . from dog a a <unk> a black retrieves 
. <unk> an dog <unk> up rag a creek through a white 
a a its mouth in is in dog wading a river towel with . 
stream with dog rag through . a his a mouth a small walking in 
carrying walking stream in dog a white a its towel mouth a through 
his hands a on holds head his boy . 
. his head hands with a child on his 
in striped head on . his hands a boy a little shirt has his 
with on of head little hands top stands his a boy his 
. blond boy wearing walking grass the a is striped through the shirt 
a helmeted a mountain rock . bike on a off jumping man 
man bmx another jumping his on <unk> with watching . a 
stands watching as a bike mountain on trail jumping the his is a cyclist rock another over . biker 
bike a . taking dirt a a a rock person on off jump 
a bike rider jumps off the rock . 
is above to climb around . the a woods an climber attempting overhang 
cliff . up reaches an climbs and a man a overhang 
climbing a under large cliff . rock man a is 
a is person climbing rock . 
rock using ropes . climber formation on 
a boy a tire swing . on rides 
. a a <unk> on boy swinging 
small horizontal a boy a in . tire swing 
smiles swing tire camera . boy at from young the the 
on . young boy a tire swinging swing 
. of walking a rope people group bridge across a 
woman a rope is a bridge crossing . 
one a trees . other a people end bridge with rope is in crossing woman at waiting the 
in crosses wooded . a rope white woman a jeans a a wearing area and bridge shirt 
bridge are rope three <unk> pine . people a trees crossing between 
ledge three cement dogs a at . looking 
. three a sidewalk dogs on 
three . dogs at somthing <unk> small 
, and small and . white on white two a black three one dogs sidewalk , 
look walkway dog white on two . dogs at a black one paved 
balcony people in stand walks person another <unk> from as looking dog 
stand inside . structure people a <unk> 
white . people industrial black <unk> three a bright in and dog and 
three . modern a in the people building enjoying view 
a look . people two wall over <unk> 
man a man river back in another a a large . of with on in front canoe the sits 
. either kayak are along on a river side two green a paddling trees man with 
men rowing two a a river down . in small boat 
canoe men a stream down . narrow a paddling two 
a a <unk> two tree-lined stream <unk> down . canoe 
people in window out an shop front a and sign open . with two wine the 
shop wine the 
people in wine on , dark <unk> two lit up front the . shop building <unk> the in 
of standing are a outside . two people shop wine 
wine outside shop stand . two a people 
. and a standing woman outside restaurant a a man 
<unk> . a of a outside house man coffee and woman a 
red of the in a talking man a outside store jacket woman a to is . 
. of a people coffee standing two house outside are 
outside . a city people two restaurant in the stand 
a a jumping man stick to a . air the retrieve in dog from 
a stick held by man for a dog a leaps . 
man stick a get with the in hand to his shorts in jumping a dog 
with dog path . a brown a man playing dirt on 
the the his jumping . is the is man dog holding head above for item 
gun , dog a . a and , man a 
a with standing beside aiming him man <unk> a dog a . 
shoots on <unk> looks man while a dog . a a 
with at side man his dog a <unk> his aiming . 
man watches is to dog his something aiming the while shoot . 
headphones sits computer front a . man a a wearing at of table in 
looking . a while man at headphones sitting table a a computer with at on is screen 
young at a with . a is table sitting earphones laptop man a and 
looking laptop at computer man a young with <unk> . headphones a 
with . laptop sitting a man at headphones 
a man a snowy structure on over . snowboarding hill is a 
a snowboarder snowy air on the through jumps a hill . 
on trick a green doing a bench snowboarder a pants wearing high 
is on in the someone ramp . over pants a snow yellow 
man a high in the on the snowboard trick a performing air . is 
a dog a brown . blue laying cover on 
sheet dog laying a brown a . blue on 
a dog a bed on cloth dog blue . lying 
blue on . is dog a the brown sheet laying down 
on blue a dog . a is sheet with the laying bed 
the . walk the girls down street 
females two . asian go walking 
two women walking . 
walking two young women . 
a a walk two white door young . women in wall past 
woman <unk> display store <unk> is in , a at dressed a . looking 
. clothing <unk> a at woman a looking on 
<unk> at woman some a looks a window in display . 
looking with outfits . is bright three a woman case display backdrop a at yellow of on a 
at a clothing in of . dresses woman looking window store 
a standing track dirt whilst is boy a a with playing . camera on 
a . child in a field 
a middle of road a in dirt the standing kid 
in a child a young a stands . of field path <unk> in 
child <unk> black standing in track car . small near hair with 
lake over towards a fishing man two . a girls looking out 
on the people boat . shore watch fish two in girls a 
a fishes while along a man girls the sit background lake two in 
from , in shore a little boat sit fishing a suits . girls lake on bathing someone two of the watching 
bathing suit the two water little tops in rocks pink by on . girls sit 
on the water of behind a body grass near . sitting two people bicycles standing are two 
water the . grass blonde their a sit two in body beside beside bicycles women of 
. parked two with path a on beside river sitting a them are by girls bicycles their 
pond two to people sitting . , are bikes next by their a 
grass bikes women their with . the two them in behind sitting 
stone man on sitting old bench . an a is 
man an old . sits 
blue with an with man . him shirt a looking is <unk> people behind old 
old outside sitting on of a couple . there men are a bench concrete 
. the dock sitting two men on old 
are standing beside <unk> men a 
two a and in orange in suit men man vests a around standing 
are " stone <unk> to next " you men a <unk> standing . these 
. three a near men stone standing large sign 
suit in that jackets man a to is <unk> <unk> men to <unk> talking are rock sign into the hi-viz next in a . two 
a baby a . pushes a child doll carriage in 
pushing girl little stroller baby doll a a 
in shoes a . pushing little kid a toy baby is blue in a stroller 
stroller a pushes a child small the down . street 
young child doll a a stroller carrying in a 
. , man a a concrete balcony against resting looks , with over his wall leaning on a top arms 
at man with a mustache below a balcony road . looking stands a on white the 
shirt with grey balcony a over and out a a plaid looks man hair . 
overlooks . a an a street facing balcony man <unk> 
. of leaning man a on balcony ledge 
in a sitting green . is to <unk> shirt next bag a black a woman 
her on sits wall woman . and phone on talks a a stone 
yellow ledge cellphone . a speaks and on her a woman the next purse her with her to on bag 
backpack woman building a with a with a others sitting . outside 
. woman is the while wall on this sitting talking smiling on stone a and phone 
. dogs field two black dog an <unk> brown and a in grassy 
a the in at looking . something dogs in field grass three 
field near in a house to dogs three right a . play the 
field three are playing . grass two one black , in dogs a , brown 
two brown and . grass black dog dogs tall one in 
<unk> . and girl looks back hair next her walking while to <unk> fur her the with looks pink a girl at 
two skull beaded one a bag has belt each face facing girls , a red is black other a the wearing wearing shirt . and other 
girls two street walking down the . 
clothing <unk> . back at <unk> girls while camera wearing looks two one the 
wearing young girls clothes <unk> . two 
in bench <unk> green a cup with an her a sitting on lone woman hand 
sits coffee woman at . flower pot on crowded a a a shop 
sat green had woman on drink and the bench a . a 
a white sculpture sitting green holding is . a her woman drink bag with to on a next 
a on and sitting bench . a turquoise near woman a pillow restaurant bag with a 
at go stands a a a . track boy railing <unk> beside 
. background the with a boy a go in <unk> cart little 
is a into face the at red track in waiting a cart little boy shirt go while making . a a camera 
in standing little <unk> a . boy line for is 
riding boy . is <unk> he the be a excited <unk> small 
children front . the of from two into back climb seat a vehicle the 
a car two in climb swim children trunks through 
wearing underwear a small only a van bench climbing boys in their two 
two seat boys climbing in . the a over vehicle are young 
wearing , , young a . around underwear boys just two vehicle climb 
a of carrying an object water out . black the dog 
the dog seaweed carrying out . a black some of water 
water mouth the coming of its out is a beach ocean dog . something with on the in black 
of walking its . a water stick a with beach out a black dog mouth in onto the is 
beach . retrieves from branch a on dog a a 
<unk> . a dog as of stuff owner his a waits through <unk> 
a an outdoor holding in bin to of . <unk> the man pug a look leash down sale a at bends 
pick a with sidewalk off over pug man the to bends . a something dog 
merchandise a man on to examine bending down a with a pug leash . 
a over person holding items dog bending a small . leash on looking a through and is 
object carrying . brown a dog a black 
a dog retrieving the in . water 
water a . walking is water dog through a clear green pack with 
water the through a in dog yellow is carrying object the . its black mouth and running 
the <unk> . <unk> from the is a retrieving pond irish 
a pool the child father playing are and in a 
<unk> father little his and a being out pulled boy pool by a . of up 
boy the a is little a of pulling out . man water 
little out boy a a the of water . lifting man 
by in shirt being . boy and out small water man glasses wearing white up wearing of shirt <unk> blue a 
boy top with his hands a with . peak glasses <unk> rocky standing on of a is in 
in man area rocky a a posing 
front a . in faces cliff standing several man of 
man of standing wearing and pants blue mountain on a top is a hat blue a . 
some man . an rock is posing of formations in elderly front 
building . standing boy with a large balloon outside a a of green is 
the the star looking side door to a of green of standing balloon with building an <unk> man a 
large <unk> . green standing balloon front a a a building of in , man with is 
a star front like green . young in holding man of large shaped balloon a stone a building a 
green balloon . star door standing with a young to <unk> man next a an building and is 
. air man over the upside water hangs a the in 
an doing man on a upside a flip board down waterski 
a person <unk> boarding side . water a flip while 
water a . person board down upside on a 
speed flip a . performs while towed high being at a wakeboarder 
blue , man carnival a . a in a a and park walking amusement cross in of front ride hat <unk> or cowboy shirt 
white a hat in a with , gold a man cross . shirt and chain 
a and gold man around cowboy hat cross neck wearing his a a 
shirt . white standing gold man a front , cowboy in a wearing a , a coaster hat cross and is roller of 
walking is with man a hat a 
group of a their waits people <unk> . <unk> airport luggage the in for 
in overhead people of a gathered an . <unk> shot 
. to luggage get waiting people are their 
the at luggage airport people wait their . for 
. airport for waiting bags an people their in 
a . one in dog chases brown a grass the blond 
. one grass green another dog chases on the 
dogs through the are . running the yard 
in light dog and brown the grass brown dog green the dark running are . 
running are . two dogs grass brown on the 
backpack down man wearing a hill snow carefully . is a skiing covered a 
snowy down a hill . person a skis 
backpack a a down wearing . hill black skier making way a his is 
snow through skier a poles is the with walking 
snow carefully skier down walks slope a a steep . 
the girl . lake in a an innertube enjoying 
. innertube a saying swimming something girl an with 
an wearing girl . innertube in a a bikini young 
girl water with innertube in 
with in . girl and a bikini pink young swimming green rubber ring , 
girl water a floating a and . inside the man in tube a sit 
small and a innertube man girl a floating on . an 
a an water a suit the on pink in young tube a float girl in . inflatable together and man bathing 
an man on . the girl water and in innertube a float 
on water little and in this . girl man are an the relaxing innertube 
man holds a and rope a on . a boat smiles onto 
wearing white a a brown in shirt man talking a to man . a is shirt 
to while a man brown man on another a a holds . on t-shirt looks wire with 
a men on two boat . 
a two . sunglasses one men white has brown shirt and shirt has other on one and a 
on lady train in . black waits sidewalk dressed shades a of the a for 
the by large girl is a boots . in standing <unk> skinny 
. brunette standing sidewalk girl tall boots thin , wearing a on a combat , 
sidewalk fence woman a wire by on . standing a a 
<unk> standing in tight jeans print top woman on and . a curb 
in . onlookers harness is child a a with 
is the . as watches behind girl <unk> cords a bungee her to crowd 
a sign air harness ready is a behind up into . lift girl " the to sits says and her a that in " active 
harnesses jump the . into girls little up ready in air strapped to 
<unk> watch . a to while a the , strapped harness others , in girl small is sitting 
catch blue boy and to ball red is soccer in in while . shorts a sand trying a running 
young a boy a bathing . for reaches a suit ball red wearing soccer 
guards soccer ball kid from face 
trunks boy is a little ball . that catch soccer coming red to him attempting the is in towards 
ball . on plays the boy young beach 
sand a are . playing of four hill on children 
children a the four sand playing beach in . at 
on sand playing a . dune four children 
. are of four down kids a mountain sliding sand 
a rolling sand . sliding kids and dune four down 
trots dog through the a . grass 
. fluffy is outside a dog white 
dog in an white . event competing agility a 
white stands striped a . the its it near grass on dog poles as paw lifts 
the . furry white is dog green the in small grass walking 
a . <unk> <unk> boy a 
against . up palm <unk> the a child is 's test palm a crash of 
little a robot girl . a <unk> yellow 
. yellow touch 's other young hands and girl each a robot 
small <unk> hair . short a yellow child robot a with 
a path in a on forest front walking black . dog of a white in dog a 
walking a the along gray white path in a dog . wood and a 
path black running down and dogs grey away forest 
two dogs these . are a forest walking in 
going and in wooded down area trail dog white black dog 
orange a helmet rock ascending face . climber a whilst attached in a is an climbing to rope 
. is climbing gentleman rock a 
man <unk> a 
climber rock <unk> a . 
. a helmet orange man <unk> an a of with climbing rock view 
a a along dog on . day is sunny beach running a 
running cloudy beach bright dog at of sky in and blue the a a . ocean front the 
runs beach . at a a dog short along the 
. dog a runs beach lean the along 
. day sunny in a on dog the sand <unk> running 
across water being a <unk> the in man harness a 
a harness a the man in water . lands in 
on tag into going a man the line a . water 
a <unk> water man the line zip being through on . a 
. man bathing water is wearing the a in parasailing trunks 
water one the off dog shaking a getting dog , second wet 
are . edge of a ball shaking body water dogs with of playing off the water while a on two 
off two <unk> in little water area dogs . very <unk> with an 
a water dogs off on beach . shaking droplets two 
dry the two dogs . shaking sand themselves on 
body city a man a water climbs rock of in . with the and background 
standing man a overlooking top to attached rope a mountain waist water on with a harness is and his of . 
look rock to climber the pauses . out over a ocean 
look the climber over shoulder . the rock a and view lake his city male at the of takes 
just <unk> a has rock the man hiking up 
. climbing blue cliff is man up a the looks the beautiful near he ocean at 
a the rock near . climbing ocean man 
climbing <unk> a man pauses to rock his . <unk> 
climbing the with a . city and bay rock a background man a in , 
rock city bay him a and a climber . behind with 
. camera dressed the a boy <unk> sit at background boats as a the in while pirate 
a on eye and harbor bandanna a the fist patch makes a head an stands . and in boy with his 
the near boy in a pirate young <unk> is outfit a 
an bright young kid patch and eye colored bandanna . a wears a 
and headscarf , . boy boats with in background eye patch 
she in . sandy swimsuit white a as runs her beach smiles across girl the 
beach in girl a sand at the through <unk> a flowered the little runs 
flower in . a the background in running with little waves across swimsuit the beach a girl 
little on is there the beach . girl running a 
the young a beach girl running . on is sandy 
<unk> a and of baby a . on stands couch side the over a lamp 
. a couch red climbs small onto of the a arm child 
red , . climbing on reaching arm baby , indoors for couch lamp 
the of arm dress . girl a lamp chair a reaching floor small for in on teal a 
inside couch the on a house sitting woman . red 
a bat hits a baseball . boy the with 
a him . and bat a behind , boy catcher swings a baseball stands 
game hits baseball a during a . a kid 
in swinging baseball teal a . bat boy uniform a a little 
him swinging bat shirt to the a baseball waits in boy out is towards the boy blue the a red as catch in helmet ball the . 
boy the game another to . base in a of points face in a little baseball little boy 
another . little player to a points league player 
in face player finger team a player a a of the on the is baseball other young . pointing 
each of <unk> base at two <unk> with other sides on a baseball boys . teams the 
players two in the are base little league next a . to field 
dune a child sand jumps a . on 
girl a a . in sandy area 
girl in a jumping sand . 
in is sand a the girls . jumping 
the . pink shorts wearing is sand girl and the white jumping shirt and the in 
young on mountaintop these a . men are standing three 
three mountain standing . a are on 
a men top mountain three . standing are on of 
scenic in three posing with men background mountains the 
three in mountain of a . men front peak standing 
cement boy off . block a of jumping a 
cobblestone street arms a outstretched to with . boy plays the sidewalk next a on 
street a t-shirt air is a wearing . city boy on in a the up jumping blue 
with to boy . his left stretched his arms a out 
of a a cement . jumps young sidewalk blue off wearing boy 
jumping a volleyball in man back a shorts in . net of red 
. a man jumps red volleyball shorts in net a behind 
red in volleyball . a swim trunks playing man 
<unk> volleyball athletic man . 
shorts of in red volleyball up jumping front in net guy 
grass is boots in in . a the girl active 
mud . a near car in playing a is girl the 
young a . front girl some a in wearing boots moves silver , interesting of <unk> car 
little girl silver moving quickly on beside grass . car 
hair making . girl of car in is the her around fly the spinning silver little front 
person . ride coaster roller laughing a is on a 
amusement <unk> park photo an an a on of ride day . at a 
a . a people height you that drops are great ride in from 
park people . on ride an amusement 
fair at people a ride . a on 
his . a man hand holds one cellphone in looks and at a drink 
a he cellphone as a at . carries his stares man <unk> intently drink 
a reading is holding the drink other man . his a wearing hand glasses and cellphone in 
man . the drink his a holds cellphone uses and 
and holding . drink cellphone his the a young is checking man 
. clothing and looking all a pink red is while vendor forward preparing in wears her 
squeezing a a <unk> tracksuit <unk> in an red woman . in 
drink makes a smiles woman and necklace a wearing . a floral 
lady is <unk> . <unk> selling freshly the 
juice squeezing make drinks is . to woman the 
are at food <unk> . man a a and getting woman dinner 
<unk> asian . an <unk> at a their couple plates 
man a serve young young woman and a food 
<unk> and boy plate food girl on 
. people young serve two food 
out <unk> . children two 
brown hair a of in a children car trunk . two with 
in the of weather pop out their heads two of . car a cold children small trunk 
sitting of children . in small the car trunk a two 
two young the in car trunk sitting a children of 
by guys side side . two standing 
male spectators two 
men two watching something are . 
wearing a black in men city two 
each other next . at dressed to stand looking two men black in young something 
baby young . a boys face plays a with 
mans face . baby is he while down touches a the lying 
. a in <unk> <unk> by who face is a boy toddler being <unk> the 
brother a little of older the holds head his baby 
the older to sitting reaching an . boy on touch face infant of over an a <unk> 
cap wearing in white and while red . dressed holding shirt a gloves blue a food , baseball , a wrapping checkered white man 
a speaking and is blue white man . in shirt a hat 
and man gloves shirt a checkered . holding is box a white a wearing 
cap an a baseball in man older 
out and man black . hands food in white tray shirt cap 
and over around splashing black pole a water white dog jumps while . a 
a hurdle . a wet is jumping dog over 
a bar . jumps a over wet dog 
clears a <unk> wet . a jump 
jumping white wet . is dog , a obstacles over 
an in of box . pulls cigarette out a man orange a hat a 
for into his pack cigarette man a reaches . a 
. a cigarette man a out takes 
in a a . jacket cigarette his with orange hat and has mouth a man brown a 
a lighting . is man hat with a there a brown cigarette 
boat relaxes his fisherman on another <unk> is in rod water while a . a 
fishing cap a in . a gray man 
while holds . fishing a a in boat another down and pole lays man sits a 
a grey of boat man a hat wearing fishing fishing out a . 
boat a men fishing . two in 
a a man blue wearing has mohawk 
white arm shirt . and mohawk is a man a brown wrapping with his 
sitting hair mohawk style the shade in <unk> man . a in a with 
mohawk . sitting and man outside a the is has large 
a man his <unk> . is yellow ribbon on <unk> the 
a boy wears and a <unk> suit . ninja pose a 
in bird on attacking karate child a black with it . a a and <unk> yellow costume , front red 
a in person . <unk> <unk> a fight 
arts martial person doing a . costume in 
is red the black outfit and combat is a person . wearing and practicing 
dressed as a a a through is air large ninja the tree child . jumping under 
ninja . outfit a does a jumping in child kick a 
through arts a . the wearing a jumping man uniform is air martial 
person and air with . red the a black and up outfit is hood in black a a 
jumps ninja young a the air . into 
hiker field green with poses sheep a a . in 
. carrying walks a his on in backpack of grass back man a a field large 
field man mountains sheep a backpack him . a are behind and in wearing and there a 
is on wearing hiking backpack a a pole man wooden leaning a 
next shirt a pole standing . a field black in a wearing grassy to man a is 
in a . hiker field a resting 
. while man <unk> enjoys moment <unk> a camping a 
. a man relaxes with his backpack 
on sits a field a . a man near backpack 
a tall takes grass with . a man in rest the backpack a 
two . metal close hang to a the ground children from bar 
hanging metal little their from a two . by are bar girls arms 
on a in fence a two hang wooden . little front bar of girls 
. two wearing pink a girls little hanging on , tube 
smiling . a little metal blonde bar pants two from in swing girls pink 
a walking railroad little boy on . tracks 
little woods walks in tracks . boy along a the railroad 
little stick tracks with on boy walking 
tracks his little stick along walks with the . boy the railroad 
. boy is little in railroad down a red and jacket tracks a a holding there stick the walking 
the big dogs in german play shephard water two . 
beach the two on black dogs . around splash 
on other with the ocean beach two each a are dogs by . playing 
water on two playing the in beach dogs 
lake two a dogs in play together splashing 
in two <unk> with dog . legs ball a its mouth blue a air on toward the 
ball a catching blue white dog a 
jumps a in a catch a dog . ball white living to room blue 
the air in the jumping catch a . is to ball dog 
two a its , . one ball are room mouth in is catching dogs playing in family a 
girl a to piece . a playground of climb red begins equipment 
a a little climbing playground at . girl 
dressed yellow holding red a onto is little . girl handles two in 
. red onto wearing in flops yellow small dressed equipment playground girl climbing a flip 
a girl way young red <unk> makes equipment . her onto 
smiling . ; both girl a touches a are face boys 
closed with eyes a touching cheeks boy . is 's her girl a 
each girl toward boy touching lean as little and 's a other laughing they face . 
a a two children and . , boy girl 
each and other facing two children laughing . 
in . seats a sitting in sports people crowd ground a of bleachers are 
sitting a people at group a sporting . event of 
sit a of sign group <unk> event . an behind watching <unk> people a 
to . show seats people for <unk> wait the in <unk> the 
front wearing of a crowd men the are of at two hats people shown . 
a view in man very a suit railing has a the high a . of that balcony along 
white a stands . a man fence near alone 
a . and a a reads man railing something town by overlooking stands 
stands a against pier a man end sky at reading blue . book a a of the 
to man is background the beautiful in railing . next the with clouds standing 
table picnic child black dock on standing in a a shirt wooden a a . near 
camera a playground a little boy smiling is for on the 
a on handle onto a . a holds boy young pier blue 
next . a on child a dock to wood stands young the water 
with on boy on green sweater water stripe <unk> standing of body floor in in sleeve . the background with wood white 
a on boy a skateboard green a in stone graffiti wall a on with shirt 
t-shirt of in . blue green a skateboarding a in man door wall is a graffiti a covered front along 
stone skateboarder on a a a . doing wall trick 
his rides a skater . a on board ramp 
. up his skateboard wall boys rides the the 
covered on rest snow . two hikers peak dark a wearing clothes 
pose amidst people for rocky landscape snowy a , two picture . a 
two standing covered at of the . a cliff people snow edge 
and people snow of the cloud of standing on . middle in rock two top a 
the a cliff . on of <unk> on edge recently two people stand 
and a are hamburgers boy . kitchen making a in woman the 
a meal large hamburgers in of a woman shirt white a prepares . 
<unk> woman a a a is . boy holding of looking jar tray of a is hamburgers and at 
woman making blue to the . side a shirt she her has is kid and a , hamburgers with on 
in stand woman a in and <unk> young them boy . spread kitchen a with of of front 
statue climbing . children 
children climb park . statue small a a in 
climbing of on . two top art children 
playing two on children statue a 
to statue little outdoors kids up large two a <unk> . 
a field a and black dog in dog . white a 
a and mouth dog branch with a white a in black . his dog 
stick a . next white his standing in a mouth to a with black dog dog 
are other , a and its stick dog white in . each mouth to the next two has dogs standing 
the stand in two . brown dogs grass 
bald <unk> man with brown front next t-shirt a man of awning a a head a stands . with a tattooed in to 
tan bald head stands the with man in a to tattoos with backs man face turned a a on his . with camera 
are one and . <unk> hat body has a is standing the wearing two <unk> other men 
which two a . is bathroom in , of , bald one men 
tattoos facial one shirt black . a down with walk and two a men street , 
a sitting down and and black lady someone with shoes shorts 
sidewalk a side sits with a . the lady on scooter of the 
on to man curb . next a a the a sits woman to talking scooter 
after lady riding <unk> the her curb on the . rest 
the wall sitting short is a a scooter to . woman next concrete on 
a by him hand helps mother his boy her . food little by eat feeding 
a restaurant a son to is her to trying eat get mother . at food 
in eat get table . a at a restaurant a girl is boy trying to to a , little 
table . at is lady child the young a a feeding wearing small yellow 
woman feeding table who on her sitting child at is lap sitting 
near distance silver man is pointing . in a <unk> him the to a near 
a is large tennis against wall a parking himself playing a . in with man lot 
walks man car parking in a toward a lot a . 
wall tennis against dark . outside in racket man stands with 
playing building the is . tennis man against the 
and woman standing the . on are a a man curb 
shirt stands heels wearing . blue woman a a and man to high sidewalk a next on the 
. a are store near two curb standing people a outside 
standing on a people two of street side the . city 
the cross people wait two . street to 
a man . holding a fish 
man fish hands a a . holds both in 
. holds boat a a fish large man a on 
green someone up display is outdoors . fish for holding a 
jeans holds blue . in the person a yellow fish 
. pants yellow one in crowd is , shorts in one <unk> a watching shirtless black men and 2 
and a is wearing by people . pants being watched many in yellow shirt no man 
man pants yellow a muscular in . 
the yellow . arms man his the pants is in raising 
a . a with is black there pants yellow man man pants and with 
up a is a walking <unk> hill . hiker a path 
up a a man grassy is . hill backpacking 
grass . walking with a trail a through hill big man a backpack is up a 
grassy a large trail hiking up . hill a person toward 
uphill trail hiker following the . a is 
bright colored . covered a baby by balls plastic almost lies <unk> 
child balls <unk> a by 
. children of number <unk> a balls colorful 
pile <unk> a . young balls a child by of partially colored 
balls many . are colored different there 
mouth the water splashing in . in dog wet its a with stick a white is 
white the water dog is a in . 
the its in . dog mouth treads water sticks a white with 
water splashes collar white a the . red with dog in 
something wading through while shallow in the its . is water holding mouth dog 
man and is a over fields some green . looking carrying a backpack large 
wears a . man a backpack 
backpack outside with a large hiking man a 
stands backpack person scenic above on a a blue field view . a a wearing 
with field backpack a in person a 
child a man . on a 's rides shoulders 
red wearing child on is man a sitting shoulders . the a jacket 's 
a on girl . man carrying a shoulders his 
shoulders 's man is child sitting holding red a head in small a on a . and jacket his 
a child with on man his white beard . with a and shoulders a hair carrying 
on a his a bike riding hill man . 
backpack dirt a . with standing area in man bike a and helmet grassy hilly on 
. a through a motorbike field grassy a rides person 
riding a helmet man in motorcycle backpack on and wearing field dry 
biker the riding grassy is through plain a . 
black rides a boy a helmet sleeve a and his stream red over rocky . long shirt in motorbike 
steers terrain a man swampy motorcycle through on a 
over his and man creek bike . a rides rocks a 
a . <unk> stream is being motocross between in ridden bike a running 
water a rocks dirt is . biking over and person 
black catch as a up jumping . watches dog white a toy another and is to dog 
<unk> white white dog dog a and . frisbee another black to cloth catch and over a black 
dog a white watches another black leaps while for disc a and flying one . 
red . with a are the playing dogs catch frisbee two 
. black a catching white spots the red frisbee dog with is 
. a suspended tree an a overlooks is on hill climber overhang covered that 
climbing cliff . is man while a hanging high from rock a above 
climbing a hanging rock under mountain man a 
from they to as person climb cliff hangs a try rocky a . 
rock cliff hanging the climbing of and a edge . someone is under 
backpack man climbing a rock is a a wearing . 
rock person <unk> climbing a large a 
climbs an a . orange a sheer cliff up face helmet in person 
while up climber . looks a rock <unk> <unk> a 
person rock . climbing this is 
a cliff a man on standing 
a overlooking standing a land at . person is rocky cliff the top of 
on <unk> a <unk> standing a down looking at person and trees . 
as stands . it cliff the a to on another top climb attempts of a person 
cliff overlooking a man distant green stands on valley . 
steep scales face a rock a . climber 
a rope a . a cliff man climbing up is 
down a pink climb to . man using a a cliff rope 
rope person climbing pink is a . rock a with a up 
rope person with a <unk> a ledge scaling rocky . , a 
a man in a harness climbing wall a rock 
man mountain with is climbing shirt . a helmet white and a a 
helmet in and . using shirt is a a white man climbing equipment 
a young helmet rock climbing wall a man white up a wearing 
the rock climbing up man looking rock 
face a a climbing rock boy 
a rope pink next face the the to is on standing . rock climber 
rope . climbing with cliff man a a a 
climbs . steep a rocks man 
in man climbing light . rock by a surrounded forest the 
of is . smiling pool a swimming in a whilst front standing boy 
swimming a pool smiles in standing of . boy front a 
swimming pool by a standing boy a 
at pool smiling a kid the swimming 
standing smiling . near boy pool the 
are stick dogs a . in the water two retrieving the 
same stick their the holding water two are the . dogs while in in mouths 
dogs on two surf the holding in same the stick to . 
in fighting dogs water two the a over stick . 
. swimming two a with dogs stick 
a man his dog frisbee . with plays 
. with frisbee with mouth his and air a in man a in a dog the frisbee a 
man pink in and a <unk> dog has a tri-colored shorts that catches thrown a jumps . 
a frisbee catching dog . small 
the into the are which leaping . , frisbee playing dog is air , and man 
another down child slide colorful a slides a child while watches 
girl going slide . a down a 
an inflatable a girl fun in . slides shirt down slide pink a 
little and a . girl little bouncy a ride on playing boy a 
sliding inflated slide down young an girl 
toy <unk> plays a and dog with black a . tan 
his on , plush toy a rug . <unk> a nap dog a <unk> tags a near 
multi-colored . haired long dog a short a stuffed with toy <unk> plays 
on a tan black dog <unk> a <unk> and colorful toy with carpet small plays brown a . 
<unk> toy <unk> with plays multicolor terrier . 
white trunk a dog . climbs a leaning tree black and 
dog walking is tree a and white up bent . a black 
a up a tree gray dog . climbs <unk> 
. a dog is park gray tree low climbing a in a branch up 
<unk> gray a on the a trunk field stands of overlooking grassy dog <unk> tree . a 
uniforms participate children in green on field in sport while . a a 
enjoys . young player game soccer the the 
are sports . two field on a strips in playing soccer girls 
field two play fenced . girls a on in 
a white uniforms black field run and girls wearing down grassy two . 
limb puppy biting tree a . a is black 
. on branch tree a a puppy chewing brown 
a . dog branch is with puppy playing a 
is an a in wood uncut area puppy barrel nearby a on . gnawing branch with grassy and plant a 
leafy backyard . branch a his a puppy a in in brown young teeth pulls 
to a . tries catch for jack <unk> he a terrier frisbee <unk> as distance jumping is 
a air front high in small to jumping some a dog is catch in bleachers frisbee of the 
jumping a in a pool a . white dog frisbee catches 
jumping air a dog catch a to in the frisbee white 
dog really . to high <unk> white get a his jumps 
running kids across the grass . 
. boys are grass young three running on 
boys , third across glasses run child one two in . shot grass , wearing . partially 
boys running on young field a grassy two 
on running . boys young grass 
are a dog tan a dog . brown and grass playing tall in 
chocolate running in dog dog the a a . is colored there grass and white 
. together in the dogs two grass playing are 
a two play grassy in . dogs field 
. two grass running on dogs 
over . a the takes lens a girl with her camera hand picture 
a camera a little girl holding . 
camera grey and a a shirt black small with a . playing child wearing purple 
a looking . little camera through girl 
little camera girl . taking a a <unk> with is picture 
sits drinking car a cup in while from a . his toy <unk> boy 
a toy a from cup toddler in . drinking car a 
toy a a in toddler cup red a car drinks juice from 
sits cup from car his boy a in <unk> toy the . 
child sits in and from toy a a cup the . car drinks <unk> 
upside are shown . children two down 
. lay down girls upside on bed two their 
upside bed a down kids on two laying 
the the of playfully teen hang bed from girls two side 
white down laying on upside are women two bed . a 
tags another behind . in dog black object a brown big chases brown his green dog with a dog while big mouth big a 
holds dog brown while an black mouth to it take in dog brown its a object another a on dog . . looks away tries 
green walkway toy a dogs chew on for three stone . a fight 
paved running . walkway a three dogs together on 
third a dog a . chase toy with dogs two 
behind large smiling of group a them crowd young girls with a 
a four girls . crowd of in front pose 
for girls pose a four school at picture young 
posing young camera the for four . girls 
standing other their some . a girls some with arms each in group young around 
the doing handstand a a . on beach boy 
at a a beach the sand the on does child . handstand 
. beach child the on handstand a a doing 
boy a . a the cartwheel beach on little does 
the a boy on . doing beach handstand a little 
front catching orange an boy a wooden frisbee gate . is in a of 
to frisbee is boy . in field trying a a a catch 
. wooden plays a a near outside fence boy 
wooden blue fence child a . near in is an a cap <unk> 
. boy his stops outside a face with a frisbee little 
waterfall on is bird a . a overlooking standing rock a 
crash . waves rocks a the the watches bird over 
bird a crashing the . <unk> waves a in on standing with background rock 
standing river rocks by . <unk> a on rapids bird 
the a <unk> an a . of rock on at river edge stands 
in blue waves a rough a man <unk> through canoe 
man water . a rough through kayaks 
man rows a rapids kayak a blue . water white through 
the blue paddling . water in in man kayak 
river as the he . <unk> down himself the kayaker goes 
bicyclists group a for a ride . of getting ready 
tan is group cyclists sign green of nearby a . a <unk> and 
their with bikes a drinking group around and . standing men water of are 
a drink men <unk> and their from standing by . group water bicycles of water while bottles 
. athletic in stand bicycles near men clothing 
<unk> a a in to . girl striped mouth shirt holds her a 
in bread . hands a shirt mouth of with front a girl in striped with 
is eating piece . little bread of a a girl 
some the little striped the in bread girl . is eating shirt 
a in this of piece girl is striped . eating bread shirt her 
a front <unk> <unk> a band market in gallery of at of . the crowd and playing 
an . performs <unk> 
string people five . public instruments playing in 
audience in music people performing many of . front are an 
for an string plays the audience <unk> . 
sunglasses in of a . girl a tree in the branches sits 
in and tank the a sitting jeans woman <unk> of a . top in in tree middle is a 
a the tree . sits in down looking woman up 
high is in girl . a up sitting tree 
barefoot in . sits sunglasses the the in woman tree 
room wood in up is sitting <unk> made man of . a 
a man a room in a . table at sits 
in a table man sitting at . restaurant a 
sitting is the the up table . a shirt in button at man 
at man sitting . restaurant in a a is night there 
<unk> girls walk a . uniforms blue in and school down a three boy road 
class uniforms walk of . blue group children a to in 
in of uniforms children . palm stand four front trees in 
teens walk four a school uniforms road . in down tropical 
blue in school children of uniforms . group school 
halloween boys girl for . dressed up two a and 
a a girl over as children look on leans costume wearing . other 
face with some young . a painted to children stands her next girl other 
costume are dressed . and kids in game a playing 
. <unk> her shawl child red , with outfit on a one with a her wearing on flower and with a looks hat while painted is a head , <unk> gloves 
riding two bicycles beach ladies . the are near the 
<unk> ride near tricycles wear summer women in the . on two beach the concrete beach 
women . vehicles baskets low two with riding three-wheeled on 
three ride . two <unk> their women 
two women . riding tricycles 
white growling large dog large a a . black dog at 
white and together wrestle black dog a . 
bites dog a black . white at a dog 
a white a dog of front set at <unk> dog a in . steps black of 
<unk> getting ready the dog and be to the . to fight white dog black 
a with people while guitarist hula-hoops plays background . in play the 
woman before . playing while stands and dance , guitarist boy a and a sits man a <unk> a by 
man a . a hat guitar a on plays white stage in 
man guitar stage a while another a smiles woman plays on 
outdoors people performing . four music 
climbing wall girl a . a rope 
harness a rope . on a a girl wall in climbing 
harness a a ladder . a is rope girl climbing with up 
has <unk> the sign is nearly a and top at climbing the person 
by a . young a next rope suspended to <unk> girl 
shirt . a jumps on trampoline white a in a girl 
on bouncing a . trampoline a young girl 
girl an jumping young a enclosed on trampoline 
the and girl leg blue on . balancing jeans is one white shirt in 
of the face . girl the t-shirt see the blue jeans <unk> with white and <unk> 
<unk> playground a . swing boy a <unk> on a pose 
gestures swing a a . boy green wearing on shirt is a hand making 
young boy a pose . <unk> on swing makes a a 
and . with making eyes with boy gesture in shirt closed in green hands sitting swing 
for boy camera posing 
a little boy face window a his . <unk> 
to . boy <unk> up his puts face little the a window 
window . little to stands boy a up a and next cries 
<unk> blue look boy . young shirt <unk> a at for a glass in a the <unk> against 
little boy <unk> into glass . case display a 
in black . a swimming water in dog something with its green is mouth 
. black a playing in dog a river 
collar river a red though . wearing is dog a black dragging rope a a 
. a black dog a water stick with from red collar deep retrieving a 
the the having teeth his in dog water black object an . emerges <unk> from 
a kayaker through his waves holding . the goes paddle 
a down kayak paddles man . in a the rapids 
red a helmet kayaking with a man . 
maneuvers . a person watercraft while riding rapids a 
. rough kayaking man through waters 
kayaker while a boat rain waves is gear in a wearing . <unk> purple 
<unk> rapids man is a paddling in . 
a water kayaks in . rough man 
in rough swimming man . kayak waters in a 
water person . kayaking white in 
stuck jeep a a . on pull a of people rock group 
over <unk> a leans vest truck orange . an a in man 
. trying vehicle pull rocky a attached a to to area man in vehicle is an a another which orange out vest of 
. pushing truck a vest safety a person a in 
the white rocks . on truck large the is stuck 
helmets ditch men jeep a of in vests pulling a orange and out 
orange vests vehicle safety out of in pulling . a ditch men 
a try vests a to men orange stuck vehicle free beside road in . 
pulling four a drive three from jackets ditch <unk> . wheel in man <unk> attempting to pull <unk> a are car 
men a orange of jeep sits in <unk> . man three another inside while vests out pulling are a 
runs in holding something dog its brown through grass the . a mouth 
mouth brown . in with dog a a runs its toy 
with small a a in . , field a toy dog in its mouth runs 
with mouth grass its dog . brown in running on chocolate something 
is dog food his with in running the . mouth 
red on two jungle the and gym yellow are playing a girls . 
. at a park girls play two 
play , dressed gym both little the girls on two , pink jungle in . 
in are girls two little a in pink playground . 
wearing on pink two a girls playground playing young 
his arm . a baseball batter raising 
to bat game a new from waiting a baseball during player . york 
a in one hand <unk> in holding a player a baseball bat uniform is 
bat . york a <unk> new up a holds 
<unk> york up new <unk> . 
playing are bars on playground yellow girls in . two pink 
jungle on gym a two . girls 
and pink outfits . on yellow two play girls in playground red little a 
. young girls a on two playground 
playing bars pink wearing on yellow young monkey . two girls outfits 
dog black a man biting a up is , . 's jumping arm padded 
on leaps dog a . man a 
man left training a his dog to padded a attack . arm 
man 's a is arm trying dog on bite something the a while to walks . black man 
while black . gear the he dog man is the safety training is wearing 
. a bright in water green gun pool a a squirts boy 
child a water pool . plays with gun a a in 
gun a a wearing squirt goggles child . uses yellow 
water a pool in . yellow swimming <unk> squirting is a the little boy 
in playing a boy pool gun with a green water young a 
side big to tan ground looking the dog . on the lays a 
in the . a sits grass large dog 
of edge the the woods on tan a . sits large dog 
brown dog in grass gravel and trees laying on with background . 
large the the a . to brown tree dog sitting on is path next 
and mountains man a . in dog the his 
mountain of top a the . dog and on man his a 
. with holding man a mountain on a black a sitting dog is camera a 
with mountain a the dog . of a at black poses his top man 
man . with dog a a 
fighting dogs are two . <unk> 
. brick dogs two on are pavement fighting 
two with each other dogs playing 
light dogs two golden on wrestle brick area . together colored playfully the 
on brown two pale dogs paved <unk> . ground 
black water in . a running is the dog 
into black a running dog the water . 
a black through water . running dog 
a the . water black dog through runs 
through . black a dog splashes water 
mouth large a large and rope . dog in is a black a white dog with running little brown beside its 
a running small a rope mouth . is in tri-colored bigger a dog alongside toy dog that is black its carrying 
dog a . small in dog its rope large mouth and a a with 
dirt a . two road down dogs running 
a mouth dog it its walking is dog little the holding the and beside . in rope large is 
on <unk> downhill mountains with a skier a background a of backpack . clouds , and 
skiing a man down snow-covered a is in . hill orange 
snow skis a jacket a skier in yellow down . and red backpack slope a 
the a hill going . down skier snowy 
. poles ski down person two skiing a hill snowy with 
a , people water group . rafting in white of boat a 
boat a a green in rafting group of in seven the are . rapids people 
rafting . on river boat 
river in . seven water a a people white raft green are riding 
raft and <unk> . seven paddling riding rapids in a are the green 
rock squats stands girl another her on a while by a . 
is in woman in wall device wall coat the blonde a and a checking her squatting while stands her to next on jacket an a rock jeans on orange red a woman electronic 
in jacket a a a rock woman standing next woman to on red on a crouching . a rock 
a people trees walking park lot many . through with of are a 
wall are a along . on a path two while walk others women rock 
yellow board . on some man cutting food a up a 
cutting at a a food in court is food bowls put up food . to of man 
a mall , counter is <unk> visible preparing <unk> a shopping a court . him behind <unk> food man with asian at in at 
man black on preparing a young a red food . yellow cutting and a t-shirt in board 
food with background a <unk> the in preparing man young 
group a a mountain skiers going up of 
four climb skiers cross-country . uphill 
in climbing . a hill four snow the people 
hill four walking a . covered skiers snow up 
climbing snow . mountain skiers four <unk> 
murky rolling in paddles wetsuit . a rapids kayak his black kayaker and wearing yellow blue helmet a 
a rapids . kayaking man through 
and jacket a a wearing . down a river water rafting life man helmet is 
, shirt in blue and a . yellow life a helmet jacket a kayak paddles person 
a in . rafting person <unk> water <unk> 
rock a holding creek stands , . a stick on a boy a in 
and . water holding man and stick is a rocks a by is standing 
and standing shorts is rocks a who with shoes wearing man only him water on the below . is 
a stream into . a looking man to next a is wall rock shorts young in 
the . shorts a creek by standing blue is man flannel in 
a boy a plastic swing . green on 
a boy . a on green swing little sitting 
a smiling <unk> plays . on a green plastic boy 
a swinging swing set . on boy 
little on . riding green in swing boy a playground 
child a a smiling in park 
little tires wearing . blue boy a around large shirt a is playing 
a child in a tires . blue of standing front small is of a group in shirt 
a gym . boy jungle in young mickey mouse wearing a clothes 
the boy tires little playing by is . 
the walks on a . her blonde blue carrying shoes beach woman shorts in 
shorts her shoes . blue carrying to next woman ocean in the whilst is beach walking on the a 
blond carrying along hand blue one beach with in . shoes woman shorts walks 
beach shoes on . a woman carrying her 
woman in blue barefoot shorts on walking the beach 
along a the street <unk> person walking lone sidewalk wearing of a a 
overpass a . kilt along an a person in walks 
walks person fence . near a a 
a while on car a wearing walks by the drives woman backpack a . sidewalk 
a is bridge a skirt brown a over walking wearing woman . 
a . by boy a a boy toddler stand and fountain water 
. at bright the the stand fountain in two water boys jeans blue 
park a sand to boys a next in fountain drinking two . 
children a . fountain water stand two near 
water two fountain boys a at little . 
rope bare <unk> pink attached rock to is a a climber safety . face the on 
huge rock harness lone a rock wall a . in a climber climbing 
rock is crawling a man up rock a wall 
cliff . a no man shirt steep wearing a climbs 
on man climbing rocks with no shirt 
a bicycle . a of rider closeup 's leg 
black a a man bicycle . on in shorts 
a . bicycle socks wearing is <unk> man a white 
on with <unk> socks a a wears bicycle white black man up brown . shoes 
legs 's man a of on . closeup <unk> bicycle 
woodland brown white through is running . a and dog 
a covered is running dog forest grey brown , leaves . and large a through in , white 
the forest dog running in tan long-haired is a 
through brown leaves . the fall on ground running dog and white 
the brown . through and bounds <unk> dog the the leaves 
over . a skateboards does jump boy a and skateboard another 
do attempts to a homemade a skateboarder . a trick over ramp 
in jumps clothes of an gray apartment over front skateboarder a in . <unk> a 
an . white a house in of over is front jumping obstacle skateboarder a 
jumps . skateboard skateboarder a another 
muddy a jumps grass a . t-shirt shorts boy in in barefoot and 
child a in plays the mud . 
muddy child ground on jumps the more mud . into a 
jumping a dirty wet grass around wet on boy 
grass in a covered young jumping boy . wooden near fence 
is light stop wearing jacket a standing at a green a . girl 
. woman a <unk> button standing coat and <unk> signal green pushing is a in a 
cross . jacket the button in pushing to is street woman green a a the 
to cross waiting light at jacket the street woman is green . a a a in 
a . <unk> she walk so do a woman in road not cross green can the jacket the button 
creek the winds woods through a . 
between runs narrow a <unk> stream hills . 
wooded leaf is is heavily a winding . river area covered a that through 
<unk> woods the . a <unk> autumn through small 
. creek fallen have that leaves autumn bare by is small surrounded a this and trees 
a man suit scuba holds a . a in box 
underwater man . scuba a diving 
underwater <unk> a diver handle carrying box yellow mask a with . with <unk> a swims a and 
. scuba submerged diver water in 
scuba diver underwater the is . 
a person scuba small a . very suit in a holds <unk> 
a up . underwater small a <unk> holds diver scuba 
a a scuba small diver underwater holding <unk> 
water <unk> his . in hands the holding under scuba diver small 
off shows the underwater diver <unk> something scuba he . 
with floors runs hardwood girl a pajamas hall down . a in little 
running girl a hardwood hallway a little is down . <unk> 
girl a <unk> running lit . a down hallway little 
. down a running a is hallway toddler 
hallway wooden girl down floors a a . runs with young 
, parking walk . through a with three lot elderly <unk> , women two 
women elderly from walking . three behind 
walking three together elderly women . 
their wearing and with are carrying three camera the elderly back to women purses coats walking . 
carrying walking and three old purses ladies 
a near river . a enjoys moment couple the <unk> 
. on sit below a out the people few water overlooking rocks 
the are rock on river people overlooking two sitting a . 
of people sit a on . a overlooking river cliff two top 
large people a next upon rocks to sit . river two 
different the a house grass dogs in colored around jumping few a behind 
and the with dalmation the <unk> safety vest of <unk> the irish is running ahead . the 
. house of playing three the dogs a together side are and running by 
lawn three . dogs running on a 
quickly dogs a large running three to . next house 
sit . near a of and man body a bench a dog a on water 
his a . the sunset man bench from watch dog a and 
a a a a sitting bench . on lake overlooking holding dog man 
. holds pond near a dog man a his 
man water his holding at a and bench . the a dog sits looking on 
a shallow is dog a trotting through stream 
a . light through a dog walking stream colored is 
tail walking <unk> a . through a <unk> river male is with a 
a a along tan dog walking stream in 
a surrounded through brown river dog by the . walking is bushes 
a . a child slide red on 
playground a the on boy on . little a slide sits 
<unk> boy bright . little red a a slide slides down 
boy slide a red a . down slides little 
boy outfit a sliding . red a blue young slide down a wearing 
a putting a into orange man wearing boy little . child a swing 
adult by being swing placed child a a young child into another 
taking set swing child . out <unk> of man 
over a a swing parent child up holding 
into the helping adult child the swing the is . 
with a and wearing <unk> woman . <unk> fishing wearing bottoms sweater dark surf a a jeans , the blue brown stand the at of green a and foot jacket man haired and pole a 
the man a beach woman at . fishing and 
are choppy shore and a the in standing a fishes a while . the on woman water man man 
the the large to in walking is with left . fishing man ocean a a woman 
man fishing in woman ocean the and . 
in . a a two of petting are group in females suits white zoo goats with 
with goats people stand . of white white a group in 
in some dressed white looking shaved at people lambs . all are 
animals with the have some . people them 
indoor white . an with dressed light-colored goats in in two <unk> arena female 
a couple kissing in on beach . the dressed <unk> 
on and beach a a share the a kiss . woman man 
hooded a brown jacket . a sunglasses with man with girl a is kissing 
on couple beach a . there is kissing the 
the kiss people two on beach . 
hugging a boy and a a bridge on girl 
in little a the on has boy a bridge . standing her wooden girl woods a arms little around 
a little hugs <unk> on brother in . forest a girl a her 
a two bridge children on hugging . 
bridge wooden in the little are children a on two woods . 
boy a . to window put screen a a tries on 
screen child . is wearing window moving a a shorts 
shirtless window that a child has out up blue in . fallen screen a shorts holding 
boy a shorts window in little blue screen holding 
boy young wearing . screen denim shorts holding window a 
farm a a white runs . and yard animal inside fenced black a dog around 
a pen a sheep . a chasing grey sheep around black dog is 
a a <unk> collie in . in area <unk> fenced border a 
. chases dog enclosure a an sheep a in 
the goat dog . is the the chasing yard around 
. a child with woman swims a 
pool a with a . woman gets into small help child a from 
young holds a his jumps . as a into water arms boy woman the 
a a into boy . headed brown a young in pool arms curly jumping woman is of the 
pool boy adult . woman the the with in is little swimming an 
camouflage in motorbike riding dressed a a man 
flag between is bike dirt . on <unk> a man going two a red 
. a riding bike rocks a is some man dirt over 
man a some wearing camouflage motorcycle . across steers a stones 
rocks a is . man helmet the over a <unk> riding bike dirt 
along red man a walking is a rocks carrying shorts river in by stick . a 
man standing red a a stream in on shorts by rocks 
is rocks . a man walking with flowing on water them around 
edge shirtless of a stream . man the on a standing 
<unk> hiker the creek . a 
wearing her hoodie a a pink girl camera looks . through 
woman taking in picture pink a a . 
woman a a . day during the takes picture 
a pink a takes in picture . hoodie woman a young 
hair pictures with woman outside red taking curly . 
is on doing a jumping a whilst trampoline . back child flip a 
on is trampoline . and a girl trick air doing the a in a is blue 
an a upside-down child . above trampoline 
a upside trampoline outside a person is above down air . the in 
blue someone . flipping trampoline is a on 
the standing a the dog . brown is and bank white river by in 
dog brown something a collar water looking in the green a at and white and . in is spotted 
, standing a lake with the . a dog shore brown spots at of 
. dog black in water and wades white 
dog . the in water the to next grass the stands 
boy a points . 
a a man something . looks while boy at points 
side smiles . looks at a to a the something at man ; points boy 
little the man . <unk> a 's looks while the of child points boy a smiles and direction in 
. which direction in boy is is looking the pointing man shirt in little the blue the to the 
. catch to ball dog a trying a 
<unk> about bite <unk> <unk> to with with on a . a ball paw is dog it 
about . to in a dog looking is grab mid bounce ball a <unk> 
with puppy , bite white green brown and a ball blue trying to yellow dog <unk> 
dog about the brown printed is paw a to ball bite . 
. girls group a of nearby with are posing together males 
gather <unk> for girls a a of group picture . 
young together a . posing group women smiling of 
smiling young a at five . ladies party 
the drinks smiling into holding camera five . women are 
with plays black animal dog . a another 
. wrestle grass the in two dogs 
. two ground dogs wrestle in the 
grass . on are two wrestling puppies green 
each puppies two with other wrestle 
black its on runs green with . grass a open dog mouth 
. dog runs the across a grass 
runs the dog along grass . green a gray 
grass . runs a dog green through lean 
green the the runs . grass dog lush across 
gazes white into in the sunglasses horizon a man and . a shirt 
a white man an sunglasses t-shirt older wearing and 
man kids old around sunglasses an watch a with and 
sunglasses man in bald 
around white , blurry man bald him crowd . , with older shirt sunglasses and 
people behind brunette <unk> shirt small a . too standing for blue her in woman a 
crowd in a a woman in . blue shirt a 
of . in in people woman a shirt a crowd blue a standing 
woman her people . a striped shirt hands in hips her a with on crowd of a blue in 
up jeans a from that . of woman a her has shirt waist <unk> wearing the 
. ribbon a pink girl <unk> in a 
little plays a girl . with a ribbon 
cement of brick girl on . block front wall in little stands 
is in girl front of a the house standing white pink and a wearing she . is with skirt shirt , 
in is . wearing small white girl socks skirt a pigtails top the red a and , red 
. in grass girl the a jumping 
girl . a in grass the jumps 
and jumps the air blonde on out out young a sticking with her pink kicking into shirt a foot tongue high while . her girl 
jumping in blond air is the . girl the up 
in over the high a pink grass shirt jumps . girl the 
brown . dog run a , in and ocean black the , tan 
dogs . run three the water into 
dogs water running . three through 
<unk> through . dogs three run rocky , near surf 
run make near the three the . and dogs splashes water through rocks 
a two out kite . open countryside wide in children are with playing 
a field in children . two running 
kite mountains is fence a field in background and there a a running two with children in the 
girls a fly two . young kite 
a sky girls across they fly young a in <unk> . as the run two field kite 
a rocky maneuvers . a stream through man a motorcycle 
his over motorcycle obstacle a stone <unk> bike a rider . 
a man young dirt a is with bike stream his in . 
with current shallow wheelie performing bmx stream in biker a 
the stream the water rocks dirt man the is . the is bike on and climbing the of riding bank 
. homeless overpass man sofa on sitting under an a a 
. a ledge under on <unk> an couch is a man sitting 
overpass outside under a a an man couch on sits . 
a next <unk> sitting . a on to couch bridge 
on the around a the him sits sofa . and is litter man under all bridge 
on grass mud his is stuck running with dog a . <unk> on 
lower . and has a collar harness has and body a retriever on a a golden muddy 
. a through grass muddy <unk> the dog 
golden muddy running grass in a dog 
green . grass that walks white the across muddy is dog a 
along beach girl the . running and boy 
, along in run children the shore two the sand . 
towards <unk> children run two . the 
kids are little running . ocean to through sand to the the two get 
running a sandy along young children two beach . 
. dog harness red a wearing a yellow running with a ball tennis and is 
black with in tennis through small a grass the ball a his running and dog mouth white 
its wearing ball and with a around in running is white mouth . red harness small a dog black 
with red . a small harness ball fetching dog 
with the dog ball collar red mouth running . is a its wearing across the grass the in 
of a . of through shallow large body a dog water edge running is black the 
black . is running through the dog water a 
of the dog a out jumps . water black high 
black running through tan ocean a . and <unk> the 
dog the the . through runs water 
a dog into is water . the jumping 
dog jumps a into . water the 
the into a with red little jumping head . water is a dog 
water the in leaps dog . small a 
small into . water jumping dog 
a beach in . colored grey sand a wet walks at dog 
a . plays in dog the sand ocean the grey at 
at beach something towards light . dog brown the running 
dog . is standing beach on brown the the sandy 
the jumping on is beach grey the dog . large colored 
man as <unk> pirates jack a of from <unk> the dressed 
with <unk> camera right wearing hair long stares a man a in . the 
<unk> scarf moustache beard hair a in person with wearing and and beads a his . 
. up brown is a eyes dressed young jack <unk> like with man 
as dressed haired red pirate long a with the . man up bandanna a is 
a blue in a a " <unk> jeans behind man " sign and mom that <unk> shirt ' ' says stands . 
<unk> that sign . man wearing top <unk> tank a holding up a a <unk> 
wearing top blue jeans . stands and blue and tank person waits a a 
. a cart of a stands foot man young <unk> at the 
blue in his a tank top <unk> . man showing 
plays others boy . a water toy watch a while with little 
pool at splashes the <unk> end a slip <unk> small little of . into boy a yellow the 
a slides . yellow down boy young water a slide 
innertube the sliding grass in young a boy on an 
mom wading young boy watches splashes <unk> while a a yellow in 
<unk> yellow in with a is smiling man colorful . a many jacket 
a . plastic shirt in a man wearing yellow multi-colored jewelry 
colored a . necklace a is rainbow wearing and man smiling 
. black poses man photo for 
outfit for camera is in hands colorful both . smiling the holding something wearing man and the a 
in a crowded <unk> . street 
something one pointing group children at , . a and with off-camera man of adults 
. a man girl her to a holding little hand points and over something bends 
something an girl points to . off a hands hold as and gentleman frame he older young 
a man children with on small brick to one people something , child ground to see points . a for 
on rest two snow-covered mountain a hikers . 
two backpack and . men a 
terrain <unk> barren a in rock . two while men hiking on 
two <unk> mountain . a snowy resting men 
at sitting . rocks pack a their on and people feet two 
at sunset of a . <unk> group trees a church , building a , 
crowd scene of a the are a . background people in gathered with sky 
outdoor of an crowd at event people a 
very large group clouds the outdoors under people a beautiful stand of . 
crowd . of gathered large together people 
is child some shirt and sitting . in skull building plants a holding handlebars a front with a and his of on is onto 
toy . handlebars child in t-shirt a the white a riding <unk> a of <unk> 
hair sitting curly little a with a girl on <unk> <unk> . 
a is child with toy riding a hair curly . small on 
<unk> and skull a with hair girl it . a curly shirt with with white picture on a young 
a does a maneuver gymnastic a in field a athletic grassy . boy jacket red on 
handstand green red . a doing grass a jacket a in on child 
red little boy doing a in handstand . a 
boy the on grass a wearing . a handstand performs jacket red 
a handstand . sports doing jacket in field a on young red boy 
. up he a a some dust brown around <unk> dog as field runs 
dust a dog storm and a . 
in blowing sand a and the wind dog 
dog the the into in sandy background air a <unk> . plants in and up with area several sand a the 
kicking dirt dog up 
standing a female passes shirt green traffic in . a while 
the standing where . to are is road next a road woman cars the blurry a on 
in woman front a traffic stands . her a while of <unk> by <unk> 
woman a beige a stands . urban sidewalk handbag holding an on 
woman jersey wearing . <unk> traffic is a the past yellow 
girl . reading a 's coffee while drinking is <unk> 
young a woman reading at shop a hat in is . a seated coffee 
her reading shop woman a at enjoying a coffee 
a a and reading . sits hat a coffee drinking woman in 
young a and . <unk> a coffee a woman reads book 
tree kicking boys in a soccer grass under the ball 
boys park kicking other the to two ball a each are in . 
jackets order play a have goal in two . soccer made boys of two out to 
in ball a a kick two meadow . around boys 
a . play kids two in field soccer 
<unk> rock tools examining girl sits a a with . 
. in lone a <unk> for the <unk> digging rock 
a rock a a with . at person brush large looking 
a woman dust <unk> off a and <unk> . <unk> dirt 
the with . a in dirt <unk> tools woman <unk> kneels 
in a is . running a dog field 
a running field multicolored flowery dog through a 
grass collar a the dog thick with through running 
big . dog running with collar 
of and flowers and . dog grass a running through white is brown field the pink 
the watches lands while another a <unk> <unk> ground from . 
with two men . just field colorful in a <unk> have parachutes 
their open field two practicing in craft <unk> an are <unk> . 
people landing are diving two . from <unk> sky their 
. two field a parachutes people into 
woods dog . hound in the walking a log a big on 
brown tree walks of a <unk> a . trunk dog top on 
walks top in grey of on tree . the fallen woods a dog a 
across a dog brown skinny walks fallen of piece large a tree . 
skinny walking a the is tree brown on dog . fallen 
. the and girl sitting the ocean at beach on staring a is 
the next cap woman baseball and sits in . water dress to a a 
a a beach . looking woman rocky object in a sits yellow on water the 
and is girl ocean . dress sitting the the baseball cap the blue in the near 
the out . the is woman beach looking on 
dog ear brown the grey a white of a dog . is white and biting and 
yellow dog brown the at . dog <unk> and white the 
playing each two dogs are there with . other 
wrestle <unk> with teeth other dogs with two each their . 
bite large other attempt dogs to . each two playfully 
in laughs girl a swing little a . 
outside swinging is swing a . in colored brightly little girl her 
a a . set little girl plastic in swing sits 
girl . a young on a swing 
swing smiles baby pink pants girl in wearing 
watch a men from while behind rope . blue a two dog chewing 
with . blue its black dog string in mouth 
with in handle blue a dog mouth rope grey its . a two <unk> men 
can men rope up . dog hanging so black it a lift a blue brown large down grab wall two a 
its from by rope a men mouth two . dog hanging a under 
on . a camping man a beach is shore 
tent canoe is . set with a the on with beach a a up man 
man and are rests . background a canoe shore in the a and tent the on 
up setting canoeing . camp after man 
is up the setting the ocean . tent near man on shore a the 
cooking man food campsite a at his . 
his a man of orange in <unk> front tent his dinner outdoors 
tent red is out while in of something sand a can on and . sitting not a a man pouring orange a front wearing shirt 
makes something man outside and tent a to the . his sits on eat beach 
camping beach . a making a the shirtless meal while on man 
the plays of a . leaves ground in on child a pile 
hay a playing little the . is in girl 
throwing at little girl . in hay a lady hay buried around 
play pumpkin . girls patch the in the 
shining with a overhead in pile hay two are of playing children the sun . 
a closeup and heart looking at it girl a a of necklace . holding 
a bracelet <unk> <unk> with . girl a playing 
necklace shines her plays the as a with . a sun girl behind 
. sun with a girl her the plays some jewelry with behind 
a . girl a piece <unk> little of jewelry 
<unk> . a white dog little 
legs white on with his stands fur long a little hind . dog 
white its small . a legs dog on stands hind 
on standing , fluffy a dog white hind . its legs is 
. begging is white dog the 
ear white his <unk> has man in black . a jacket is in a a 
man a map in black of front jacket a in a . is 
<unk> . at looks subway man <unk> listening to a , his the 
wears a jacket front in a a . headphones man <unk> with standing of 
young wearing jacket man ears is black a white his a in has earphones and . 
small dogs near and highway lake couple water a around of in a a 
in playing . are the couple dogs water a of 
. play water in under two dogs a bridge the 
running . it near river dogs two dogs in in while a one swimming 
. dog dogs a in an pond grey a playing two under and overpass black 
other . each hugging life vests and girls wearing are two 
a . for girls two posing a on boat little are picture 
pose for girls on little boat a picture two together . a 
on are a boat lake a in little two hugging girls smiling . 
they <unk> smiling posing ride a are while two fair girls boat vests together young . in a wearing 
. a orange and dog orange large dog in with grass a another little the third dog 
grass other dogs each field of <unk> three in green . a 
three dogs sniffing . other each 
and dogs two puppy a . 
looks lying two them are down and a on on the green little dog dogs . larger grass 
spraying a . sculpture sand shirt blue in is a man a 
spraying a <unk> hose the man long at from a beach . is a 
<unk> sand image the man in . 
a sprays . man of image man sand 
a open <unk> a says sand water with spraying is with of heart . white up covering man on on face mound that 
a blonde across . a child net climbing 
park playing child is a . at a 
gym climbs jungle . on a girls a 
<unk> a on net small an child climbing 
net a rope young a on . child climbs 
beach the at playing children 
grey on a in a in , running little boy in are . all the beach and a red boy shorts black shorts boy speedo , a 
running boys . playing the are game on a three beach 
boys on play tag three . the beach 
on two a . young run beach man with and them one behind boys water young 
girl sliding with a down white in . slide raised arms and red a 
extended slide goes . arms a with a down girl 
inflatable an arms . a her riding with slide girl down raised 
she a tank heart slides with young girl top as hands . raises her a 
travels she throws arms as . child down her slide up blond 
a the boy of blue plastic a from jumps . slide top 
<unk> the trees playground . over of by slide child <unk> a equipment jumps 
. boy little from jumps a shirt slide blue a striped in a 
little boy the top of off a a . jumping is slide 
slide a young boy in jumps on a backyard a . 
girl a playing and boy cricket 
boy and yellow in playing girl . cricket and red a 
shirt front a of bowls a in holding red bat is top yellow boy girl in a who at the ball a a . <unk> cricket in a 
in girl baseball grassy young and field a playing boy . a 
children young field two a . in playing cricket 
lit band . dimly performs setting a a in 
a band her performer with female singing . 
with a a woman guitarist in sings . behind her club a 
. woman a a into microphone a playing sings a guy by guitar 
next to woman microphone with a playing person guitar a singing . 
an electric a of in <unk> front an guitar girl playing is . 
a guitar her a plays girl on . stage dark 
woman guitar onstage is playing a 
woman guitar red a light and blue in playing 
at red player <unk> performs a . guitar guitar 
and out a the looks wilderness lone over man stands . a outcropping on rocky 
shorts down a top stands hills on rock man in on <unk> looking and a a black big . jacket and of 
. a a on man a is overlooking big standing valley rock 
atop rocks stands of a large a mountain man . 
scenic rock view on overlooking of man large standing edge . 
brush a bubble to a as <unk> up . a bath child his a singing yellow holding into is if in mouth microphone laying 
into a the bathtub a <unk> in child sings 
bath a bubble is boy . a down in laying little 
bath . brush or bubble in <unk> , singing yelling boy into 
in . the by child bathtub is surrounded bubbles while the 
. and a baby playing a young boy 
boy crawls toddler a with a . young 
two a children and . floor on wood knees on hands 
. two kids on play floor the 
floor crawling two young on babies wood a 
to pony boy a up . holds red a a bucket 
horse man wearing a a blue strapped feeding . blanket a 
a for a holds in blue . blanket man horse <unk> a 
feeding hay young some orange . horse a from an is bucket boy a 
horse green a by blue wearing shirt bucket a in . eating grey orange a from cover held person 
and the a black brown snow playing in dog . 
the . catch snow dog jumps trying in a a to snowball 
. its dog to tries catch snowball a mouth a in 
the snow catch snowball in dog a . to trying a 
dog . jumps snowball to catch a 
. a flag campsite to man a next <unk> a holds 
snow tents flag man . a with <unk> a in the by stands 
ground person snowy on a a other up few setting a tent the . tents beside 
up . mountain their are tents climbers setting 
are winter while tents tent other man pole and ski with wearing , is a pack <unk> on a coat the a up ground . holding set a 
shirt . to man shirt a trick is in boy <unk> a blue a in a showing a pink 
from blue a . wearing item hat <unk> pulling boy shirt a a an small 
boy <unk> bag 's pulling a from something a . smiling 
from pulls an . orange boy smiling a a hat object 
pulls a of blue black a fabric something jacket bag out a in young boy . 
artificial . is woman past walking waterfall a an 
in beside a city the a . is <unk> with woman pond walking someone 
on talking woman . in water a of walking a cellphone front 
buildings by a across walks river city a . woman 
in city a near <unk> . water woman a park young 
white of and soccer kids a playing red group in . 
red his players and a kicks blue the the on teammate white team toward soccer on . ball a while watch player team 
<unk> dressed dressed red and in . is watch other ball soccer in player <unk> to while his a white blue the and teammate kicking 
boys playing . teams a game soccer 
in . soccer a game progress there is 
is jumping a brown at a woman brown up who dog a is skirt wearing . 
little the as dog walks retriever a woman a is <unk> a . camera towards <unk> golden 
at away tan dog walking up a skirt jumping dog a and . black a and tan in a woman 
yellow a jumps . dog to <unk> a woman 
the is at walks dog . jumping the away one while other lady 
field . in a a dog 
field dog grassy in a is resting a 
runs through grass dog tall a . 
grassy a running another . after in dog dog field 
the running . through doberman tall grass the is 
brown dog . a mud playing in 
in . field enjoys water a the the edge of playing dog a at 
. water dog playing a is in 
a through water muddy . runs dog 
puddle splashing . a in field a dog though large a 
. girl out a with is all <unk> <unk> jewelry 
girl wearing <unk> <unk> with . large is and dressed up a a 
a <unk> wearing . including many clothing woman <unk> 
a . wearing woman a necklace <unk> 
a black for sweater poses with white the a necklace camera . woman and 
their car with hood a on the of sit a to couple . backs camera the 
car on a couple sits a . 
a man the face on . of a opposite woman the sit way a and car and camera 
and on the a sit a woman and . man watch road car 
man parked on sitting car woman and . a a 
. in wagon with area lights station its water , behind it a partially a on with wooded submerged black 
in submerged car a is partially . a lake 
or in <unk> a is lake a river . car underwater 
<unk> drives car into a water 
wheel is river through car driving a drive . four the 
playing children three hay in 
hay three lens with children at . camera throwing outdoors playing , some 
on three play . children corn <unk> 
hay in the some at , the play three throwing young children . camera 
hay children two . young are throwing 
a at out in water people . looking sand the group stand of the 
look five people the toward ocean . out 
body . five water of a of people in front standing 
shore two men stand on three women facing . from ocean sunny a and the the day 
. two and looking three the men ocean at ladies 
in of a man a boat front in . sunset a 
a in flag man is a on a grey boat a . with shirt 
in sunset flag . man a the boat on a near sits a 
a him . setting on man the sits sailboat sun behind a with 
. a boat the on in the and a flag sunset sitting with a background man 
together at smiling photographer the couple sitting a 
smiling the a camera for man . and woman a 
<unk> his smile a . a for and man picture female 
a crowd smiling . in <unk> couple , 
two camera pose the for people . 
along . <unk> racer turn prepares make motorcycle road a paved left to a a 
man a rides . motorcycle it 5 on a with the number 
the . to <unk> driver a motorcycle left 
ridden number five by with being on a wearing motorcycle is front helmet a rider a . red 
a racer motorcycle turning corner professional 
in walks <unk> cement down . a a road girl blue a light 
jacket . walks an in shrubs surrounded down long a a road girl by aqua 
and black in road blue woman pants shirt a walks a a down . 
down walks . woman road country a a 
down woman road paved . walking 
of small white spotted the is over stream jumping a water . dog black and 
jumps a white black spotted dog a stream over and . 
creek jumps a . a dog over 
muddy a jumps spotted a creek dog . over 
. dog over jumps spots a black a with white stream 
a . on a girl flags with rainbow beach 
by rainbow ledge . the on sits on a the , flags a fly in beach background girl poles 
the person . is a sitting a on beside beach wall 
her with several on behind wall a sitting woman flags multicolored a 
festival woman at on boardwalk kite 
brown on walking . fence a beside a dog the grass is 
a . across , a yard fenced-in grassy trotting dog brown 
dog brown yard fenced in a a large 
is fence . of a dog playing inside outdoors large 
fence front lean in of a trots link chain park . through sunny a dog 
a an the man air . jump and a in shirt yellow shirt orange man in in a 
off a man a hill jumps . 
poses hiking arts men strike in . two martial boots 
wall rock two a on men jumping 
. leap men air into two the 
a an white after is dog and going . orange frisbee black 
frisbee an and white . leaps black catch to a dog orange 
a white catch a prepares frisbee . and to dog black 
frisbee about jump catch a to dog to a 
for dog frisbee jumping 
. silhouette in ball brown a dog catching a 
the air leaping ball catch . to into brown a is dog a 
tennis dog . sunset a a catching ball at in yard a 
sun he tennis a up catch jumps . the buy is as backlit ball a to dog 
the in a catch jumps air dog tennis a . to ball 
city walking the down sidewalk a big of group people are a . of 
through <unk> york way their square in . make and new pedestrians cars 
on and people a . some street vehicles crowded 
a , streets city of big the 
square . <unk> in york new 
of . are wooden group a some in people of sitting seats rows 
. event people a seats an at of in line a group seated of 
<unk> sit in . with <unk> an people 
people in of . sitting seats rows 
are them . with sitting of an in front out in <unk> <unk> students 
group climbers of mountain a 
line in walking a through . a group snow of toward people mountain the a 
of snow through people covered way a . are mountains line their making 
are a . field through people a covered background mountain walking with snow the 
snow mountains in facing . people the 
tree . a dog brown sniffs stump a 
. a a trunk cut dog sniffs tree <unk> 
stump a sniffs . dog tree a 
. tree recently dog cut stump sniffing 
standing on stump dog a tree . the outside is 
. day a sunny is hard dog brown a <unk> on during grass 
walks in . tongue hanging its dog grass with out a brown the 
hanging a dog out tongue with running . 
a dog the grey , green grass tongue out . walks in hanging 
jogging his tongue out with dog a hanging tan 
. a , mouth and off-camera second with out and brown almost facing dog his dog tongue a open white 
open hanging , dogs with two and , one mouths . both , showing teeth fur one long dogs have dogs brown is tongue out their 
the . dogs two grass in play 
together . they furry dogs faces make <unk> play as two 
dogs two . <unk> fighting 
through and a and is dog black hoop black a white . jumping white 
dog black . white jumps a and through hoop a white black and 
and black brown and a through hoop white a . jumping dog white 
through a black white jumping a and hoop dog . 
jumping dog ring a through a . 
red is riding on a motorcycle a . man 
gear motorcycle in the right orange to <unk> dressed a . driver 
a on a red turn into bike speed leans . a motorcyclist sharp 
as a turn low crouches . motorcyclist he rounds 
motorcycle . person this on is red a 
. carries man standing the a while a sign in rain 
of . a a day cloudy holds on a of man front sign people group a in 
people sign man into a look holding distance while the a four sunglasses in is other . 
at sunglasses a <unk> a man wearing sign . holds a 
holds sign a . man a written young woman to next up with a hand umbrella a multicolored 
colored ropes brown is a to face by . a attached climber rock 
a man <unk> is rope a with . a face sheer rock support 
steep scales a rock mountain face climber a . 
a person is climbing up . a rock 
khaki rocky a . side the a climbing person up cliff wearing pants of 
racer a . his bike leans motorcycle 
. road down a is motorcyclist driving their motorbike on a 
recently turned car riding a along sponsored motorcyclist . has their is roadway a that 
a the street . motorcyclist on 
rides a . the a road helmet with down motorcycle blue his red motorcyclist 
<unk> the along the rocky water . bank <unk> 
. their <unk> near are back on the water deep standing legs two 
. two fighting <unk> 
water fight the two <unk> in . 
are in <unk> oriental fighting small pond a two <unk> for 
travel . <unk> racetrack group down race a of a 
racing on dirt track a cars 
and other cars . the is racetrack each the green dirt a in race racing one on lead are 
for dirt track cars <unk> position a . <unk> on 
of . two cars racetrack on lines a racing colorful 
runs a collie a . slide down 
. a running a dog is down ramp 
a jumping . is dog down ramp 
running board a and collie . the blue yellow is down 
a brown <unk> is . a there white jumping dog of and off 
white helmet of perched wearing rock climber face a the side a is a . on 
a . climbing a wearing climber wall a lone helmet white 
climbs steep . man a a wearing blue cliff 
, blue climb helmet a a wearing is . , the in man <unk> shirt to 
above the . climber rock from down looks 
jumping frisbee is casts a shadow <unk> catch and a a . to dog 
jumps in and . a frisbee grass a the dog catches 
toy dog jumps a . a and catches 
an white dog to a object leaps catch . 
yellow lab a to toy up catch jumping . a 
the . water <unk> the back to camera a with is overlooking man his 
the a from man <unk> in fishing shore . the 
heavy platform from fishes a coat man . a concrete a in 
below casts into a the ledge . on fishing a pole and his water concrete man stands 
in clothing a wall a warm fishes off person . 
with off in male background a leaning and ocean against are a female railing looking the the 
sea the the stairway . and by view a on a woman at a looking man are 
watching near and something woman ocean . surf rocky man 
green railing people over in ocean the background leaning the two with a 
people a . two on water <unk> walkway over 
catch the in to in tennis the mouth his dog jumps ball a . black air big 
dog air looks catching a ball dog at the a another in 
black dog jump a white dog a lawn large of is to watching a rocks pile next a on . 
. the black dog in white a a air watching dog 
the . yard ball with two dogs a playing in tennis 
tennis black a catches mouth white a watches while . his ball in a dog dog 
jumps his mouth near dog in rock a ball a black to catch . wall a 
jumping . pile of air in standing dog dog white the black rocks behind near with grass on 
jumping catch black tennis to ball dog 
is white black a dog catching while , the . one watches ball the 
vehicle leashed of the <unk> hound and to white is a mirror yellow <unk> a 
tied white and and yellow dog a white a black to van 
to a of lying mirror dog , a yellow down . , the bus side tethered <unk> 
up coloring white black and with , mirror a , is a brown leashed to dog 
car . black to and yellow tethered is a next white dog the 
his . a with soccer boy hitting a ball chest 
hitting soccer . a chest a is their child ball with 
child playing soccer a is a . white with blue nearby onlookers ball and soccer 
hits boy blue soccer with . the the white knee ball and his 
the is . kicking soccer ball a boy 
. kid swing a on little a girl 
for as <unk> she swing swings little on . the joy girl a 
a girl . laughing swing toddler in a is 
shirt in . a toddler pink swing in bucket a a 
making girl swinging wide a a while <unk> young . expression 
man a in fountain next camouflage in with tank man top . a grey a a in standing a background to t-shirt the 
huge standing background front man of several a fountain . people two in with 
men fountain a city a in posing two of are . photograph in a front for 
smiling standing are two men . in fountain a front of 
of other grass standing while in sit two on fountain front men the people 
dogs walking a street her down the . woman are and two 
. shorts woman wearing a cut street with off walks a dog the down 
in a her the vest right brown and a behind the her shorts has and to dog . woman of dog blue black a 
is walking . woman dogs her the 
across pavement woman black small walking and dog 
run kids school of a field on bunch . a play 
children a in field a of . group 
. of children a in group grass running the 
on kids play . soccer field a 
the . kids running in field 
a . in carrying outside stick small its run large dog and dog a mouth a 
tri-colored . a a dog hold stick mouth is white to has its smaller bigger in get a of a dog trying that 
that . white the onto is trying stick the bite the dog little is black to carrying dog 
a stick two . and play dogs run brown with 
for . run two a stick dogs 
run a the through the are enjoying dogs two . surf 
through are . dogs running two surf the 
play surf two in . the dogs 
through . a the on dogs two running water beach 
dogs two . ocean out of lake the run 
girl in pink traffic a shirt in is riding a . a bicycle 
bicycle front an . cars a of in rides woman asian two 
sweater bike a a pink cars . woman alongside in her rides 
her bicycle riding woman is the street down a . 
sweater behind her bike a woman rides a wearing a . car a with pink 
, holding orange arms a , his from shirt a his . blue sides yellow in out and boy 
a yellow a and . , , in blue plays shirt outside boy orange 
arms looks and <unk> wide his a down boy 
colored . a a outside with child brightly shirt plays 
blue boy outstretched arms yellow with standing the is top and in the . 
is a a slide child on . 
down sliding a . playground on a is slide a child <unk> 
a goes at blue down park a a slide . and girl yellow 
little park a a . slide girl at down sliding is a 
small a a the <unk> playground slides down . slide at girl 
and . a a dog brown a dog , and are dog white a all , standing black field black in 
brown black . faces and dog a dog dog long of white a a grass a in field 
a field three . in dogs the are 
tall are in standing dogs . the grass three 
three dogs . in field a 
brown grassy a black black and white dog are dog a a and a in , field dog 
black a dog a grassy dog in . and dog a , a black white yellow field and 
, grass white and black dog dog black , and . dog orange on 
dogs field running through grassy three . are a 
standing dogs field three grassy in multicolored a 
covered a a a a snow in stick <unk> red with tree jacket boy . 
child a tree underneath . a stands snow-covered 
the of shakes boy a tree . off little snow a 
tree under stands a . a a person red jacket snow-covered in 
child a a down in landscape pulling standing snowy snow-covered . tree branch 
earth dog some . dry <unk> along walking is a 
surface a a and <unk> along walking <unk> dog . 
walking dog <unk> on a mud . 
across a dog ground the rocky walks . 
through . mud walks some dog a 
a up . rock picking big a man 
car a a white large a person rock while is holds parked . 
pants rock . black and a a in jacket person a green lifts 
person car a . picks things spot rocky next a a to up in 
a up woman large rock a picking . 
the coat water of pointing people couple red person a standing the and body at . of in the is are 
are <unk> looking . couple the 
two , gear <unk> standing , a on rafting dry rocky river people . the pointing in at 
stand a wearing one . a , by two river points helmet people 
something rocks and . the the at look stand two people on water above 
. a and the wakeboards red for smiles vest a man in camera 
a <unk> wearing as waves red . man life a vest he 
young a wakeboard rides man a . 
one wakeboarding handed smiling and guy 
rides through surfboard man . water 
guy behind a . boat waterskiing a 
a a on . man lake wakeboards 
. water body a wakeboarding is man young of on a 
blond boy . waterskiing 
. the lake the wakeboarding on is boy 
red life swim and jet skiing man in . trunks a vest a 
with a man waterskiing hand one . 
red rope a life waterskiing a purple man holding wearing a . is jacked while 
one man swimming using backwards . is a trunks only wearing hand waterskiing 
red backwards jacket ski in person skiing 
one boy on . a hand with lake is wakeboarding a 
red wearing a bay a is a <unk> . across man life jacket 
surfer a shorts water in blue . over surfs 
waterskiing in and young man trunks jacket life . a a red in lake blue swimming blue a dressed 
in . and wakeboard blue red white boy on vest and trunks 
boy on . laying a clothes 
brown-haired clothes with laughing on . pile his lying <unk> clothes is a a boy <unk> of 
open with his . child his blue in side on a laying a mouth shirt 
adult child a . and with hand 
little laughs is he a . boy <unk> as 
foggy a . a of river fishes bank at the fisherman 
mist morning fishes a a the in tree . by man 
large under a a tree man . fishes 
tree a a man near fishing . large 
a . in lake a is man foggy fishing 
ready for waiting dog . his gets to a stick man a throw 
a . jumping a man beside dog holding is a stick 
, a the up up in jumps with his a air stick arm while holding stands . dog , a man 
brown a jumps high stick . dog up holds while man 
a a with distorted this path . is photo shown dog in jumping dirt man on a 
a water some black jumping through dog 
dog leaps water the . a of black out 
black . runs a water through dog the 
in . the black water a splashes dog 
playing the in . is ocean large dog black a 
their outside meal eat . couple the 
a on sit bench two . people 
sitting away with dreadlocks , , facing people . two 
. people dreadlocks with two 
on dreadlocks two people wooden a . bench with sit 
woman are and of the man front stairs building . couple a in <unk> a a embracing on 
the couple the stand top stairs bottom two at a people of . and the stands at 
people building and of talking . two woman pose to outside a while a other man 
of . stairs stand woman top and together man the cement at a 
the couple as another man a holds . woman them up steps a walk towards 
is girl green pink a tank in a through and top pants . of flowers a running field tall 
running shirt . flowery pink girl through with grass a is a 
in pink flowery a through field . running a a small shirt child 
walking grassy . young girl a pasture is a through 
and field jeans pink through girl . running wearing flowered young shirt a is a a 
collar to a dog stands black next with a bush a . brown 
a dog . front forward in looking sits trees colored of <unk> 
a shrubs sitting to next . sad looking dog 
brown white of area in a with chest patch of stretched the . with grass in background in image dog fur trees a the his sitting 
collar dog wearing black . the a is brown 
a brown <unk> dog in blue white yellow a . area and ramp and grassy a 
brown a down white dog a running and . is ramp 
a dog . an off brown of obstacle and white running 
dog . runs yellow a a blue and ramp brown down white a 
. the board down dog <unk> running this yellow is 
people a sit against wall 
the a a of of shade bunch people . awning sit cement in 
sitting group that of are structure a people . overlooks below a staircase concrete a 
steps on stone . sitting five adults are 
several under . steps stone people overhang are sitting an on 
road a . dog the trotting brown in down autumn and white 
road brown the is carrying up ball a dog . a 
in road running . in his mouth a ball down a dog leaves covered a with 
walks a along in a large gravel the . woods dog path 
a dog retrieving path ball . a and a gravel on white tan 
earring ring a , nose . with a girl and , mohawk 
to hair person the looks spiky a . with left 
ear of pierced <unk> cowboy a and a punk a a nose in shirt . young and person with profile 
person with a and piercing mohawk nose a shirt in plaid a young a . 
shirt . in person mohawk with a red posing flannel is a the 
a man bed girl . a in and 
are a in child and embrace parent bed in . and 
small bed woman in laying a . a child and 
young woman bed the . a with is girl in laying 
. bed are in people two 
boys playing a field in soccer three 
three boys . soccer playing 
pink play boys two and in uniform . a with boy a printed yellow blue soccer uniforms in 
a to <unk> past <unk> goalie attempt the soccer two goal . 
playing soccer uniformed children 
white . a black dog and in the plays water 
dog black and in walking white a water shallow 
. water a through the dog splashes 
swims a dog . 
dog walking . wearing through harness water white a and black 
on a . the a bar holding <unk> a horse ride child on to riding while 
is at horse an plastic . riding amusement child a park a 
horse child a on ride . a fake 
. sitting <unk> a horse on child a 
<unk> form one a ride plastic row child with horses riding that . of 
crowd staircase a is a dog up a climb watching . 
is front . in a of group through running people obstacle a dog an course of 
performs crowd . his dog a on ladder a <unk> observing in a front trick of a 
a staircase large blue up . walks brown dog 
course climb an watch obstacle on a shephard onlookers . german steps 
horns with a jumping an . animal in field 
an through grass runs <unk> tall brown . 
not a through wild field animal <unk> <unk> in . a jumping 
. <unk> a a wild uncut races an of field trees animal across <unk> with 
a . <unk> the in <unk> field 
green in asian two door women a front of walking 
talking along walking street . girls two are the and 
a street women walk two down . 
street two . women the down walk 
two down street women the walking 
jump a . boy prepares rock off a a 
wearing rocks . some walks boy blue a across 
a balances rock large wearing . as small on he a blue boy walks 
a clothes balancing on is rock in a . toddler blue 
to balance the himself down rocks boy carefully holding arms out the his . walks little 
grass the and on dog a white for dog brown runs black a . 
brown . play grass and in the dog white dog a a 
in dogs the playing . the are field 
two . grass dogs on playing 
play together dogs . two 
yellow strewn a in <unk> stands . a man in garbage 
spray a . a and near stands drawing garbage painted man 
is yellow a with wearing <unk> in man a front it . wall of a standing shirt cement on 
graffitied a a wall shirt a standing middle in man of yellow wearing garbage bunch the . a and of 
shirt standing a some man near yellow a . <unk> wearing 
the to talking a a bathing guy in suit girl . 
bridge man bikini talking is a on a woman dressed a to in <unk> a 
. a city on <unk> woman a pink bikini cellphone in a a outside while small looks shop on a man 
. boardwalk man bathing on a woman foggy on a a string with suit in a a day 
in man a a pink in a next brown bikini woman . to 
striped man bikini a towards . string in wearing a female walking a shirt a 
bathing walks skimpy a suit in woman . a away 
the a next a three in along to walks woman trees . swimsuit street 
a lot towel a parking wearing walking suit is woman a . with skimpy bathing in a 
girl a side the back trees big bikini . of and three in 
a while large small hand dog a human 's is large dog the butt . sniffing a sniffing dog 
a person a . reaches while trails grey black large for dog dog a 
a a dog the dog sniffs . larger smaller hills in 
brown the 's black is sniffing the butt dog . dog 
walk . on ball the give lady <unk> the beach her the to dog their 
outside ride kids . in car red 
real children in play vehicle at two red a gas a station are . riding 
toy of , a front . in two a station gas in children car 
a kids car station toy two at gas a in . 
car riding in a station two children a at real gas young toy 
on white on a to in . and the woods girl ground a the bicycle black next lies a red little dog 
red . jeans for black a child , sweatshirt a picture dog helmet a bike pose outdoors in and a and , 
next bike dog to a child is sitting her on a 
woods little a with the poses in bike girl her on her . dog 
the is red the . bike girl on the to the with dog little next ground laying 
a toy a plays red . girl on 
coat blue . a girl toy rocking on red in a a little is playground 
a little toy a is . girl outdoors on playing 
riding is little . toy a tricycle girl <unk> on a 
the wooden rocking the the standing girl on a toy is blue wearing playground in . coat 
. of a dogs following , and a woman a bike team on 
dogs is woman bicycle . behind wheeler riding three a a a pack of 
of team dogs and woman a a . <unk> a on 
pulling . six wheeled through grass are vehicle the three <unk> a 
on a tricycle pulled . sled large by woman dogs several being 
. four men are hiking shirtless a up canyon 
shirtless . up hike men a canyon four 
canyon men shirtless through hike a . 
up climbing are . the the hikers mountains 
a men path walking up rocky topless . 
an jogger . <unk> being a umbrella is with 
is . woman runner a from bottle umbrella jacket handed an a a holding being water in teal a 
holding water . and her umbrella her a runner giving an marathon <unk> over woman a by 
a brown . a woman a running lady <unk> number for is holding pink in and wearing umbrella race a 
umbrella gives a a . rainy runner water holds and , day above a her on an woman 
drinks at pouring a bar woman is . haired a blonde 
blonde wine glass pours restaurant a dim in of a woman . a 
in a the kitchen lady wine pouring . is 
. into a a in a woman pouring wine restaurant clear glass 
is in a tag with pouring wine woman red a glass a 
blue gray a . a wearing slides down slide boy navy 
with arms laying his in a boy his stomach with front him . on of 
sliding tube child down face a a metal first 
black slides tube tan in mouth with little open boy wide . a a his headfirst down 
. down going boy a young a headfirst slide 
a life waterski a red to beginning jacket man wearing . 
water handle on the holds . in a a man to 
a <unk> . man 
<unk> man a a . with life jacket 
pulled is life . to the holding up line red wearing the be waiting jacket in a water a waterskier 
towards water swimsuit in a in a boy sand the the walking 
. beach a boy seagull running on is a a towards 
boy a towards on beach . little water a runs the 
chasing on young <unk> beach a a boy the 
is young a a seagull . the shoreline beach of boy walking on towards a 
black a beach . runs sandy and dog down brown a 
the through an the at animal sand running . beach 
black . orange on beach a an with stripes cat 
a along runs the dog . striped beach 
jumps on dog <unk> long 
tennis is a ball . dog after jumping a brown 
leaps the to into ball . dirty brown dog a catch in mouth tennis air its a 
a that . jumps ball to much air catch field looks a the a <unk> over grassy tennis a into like dog 
to a tall ball jumps tennis . a in catch dog grass dry the red 
catches a the brown the air in . ball dog 
. around younger a fountain play boys few a 
group around . a a people fountain gather of large 
a fountain boys courtyard office an in . play building three around 
in three a playing building . a are kids at of front fountain 
three playing around fountain a kids 
a suit at in from looks in girl a . bathing person cliff water a a yellow the 
water bathing rock in a a of a body . stands yellow suit over girl a on 
a bathing a suit in ready someone <unk> in . gets jump water to woman to the yellow 
to a standing prepares jump on water rock into the . a woman 
yellow in swimmer a cliff to girl over in swimsuit wet the looks water . 
running towards a brown dogs three other . is dog 
around the in four grass are running . dogs 
. through running a four of field dogs breeds <unk> 
dogs four a field in playing 
dogs leafy four on a together and grassy play . ground 
tree girl on the boy a kneeling a laying before . with her 
black on a hair and girl trunk is tree a clothes posing with red bright . 
trunk woman on her a . is large is with a a tree hair dressed laying who long crouched in man talking black to down pink to next 
on a haired a black resting while is posing in red a tree . for woman man 
a hair in man black pink with talks to . a woman dressed 
dog dog sleeping at is a brown . a and closely brown white staring 
a struggles a man little with . holding dog a <unk> 
playing dog small with a is brown fuzzy . a <unk> 
a on black the on is <unk> , tugging a tan dog . rug and 
hold <unk> of the little a the mouth grabs bedroom . its with dog 
. four two a young front standing dressed the back in for <unk> in and with the children formally two pose girls boys the smiling 
for in picture young an . four formally children pose <unk> 
girls dressed . two stand and boys together two alike 
smaller matching and white shirts matching in and boys white . girls in and pink dresses two black two 
. dresses boys in little little pose in two matching two matching with girls outfits 
looks 's firefighter a girl uniform says back in . a something and 
woman . <unk> in a is fire a " " dressed uniform 
crowd young stands . a a firefighter in of female front 
a fire is shirt blue lady wearing <unk> . the 
talking uniform woman is people the a . <unk> to fire wearing 
people the . on 's camera two <unk> legs 
two people the skateboards <unk> legs . of with and 
guys a carrying one skateboard two walking , 
skaters walk male sidewalk on two 
shirts a and wearing carrying skateboard white two people each jeans 
leash striped dog shirt a . in a a small a walking on boy 
a street a small is white down the walking . boy dog 
with <unk> dog a walks . leash with white his a while a boy he pink hands 
leash white down dog a sidewalk skinned a a . pink dark walking on boy a is 
off walking neighborhood a dog his boy young . while showing a white in 
blonde with a . lady smiles sunglasses 
a <unk> blonde smiles earrings woman wearing . and sunglasses 
. woman smiles a black wearing and to the sunglasses right looks 
sunglasses woman a . wearing smiles 
the is . jacket black the jean sunglasses <unk> wearing and blue smiling 
fire <unk> around group a a people at sit night of . 
campfire . several large a night people sitting it around at with 
a people . night <unk> around <unk> are at 
night campfire sitting . at around people a 
several sitting around fire night are a people . at 
another two a man red below one larger is jumping to from <unk> . with in shirt <unk> him a rock male 
the a . <unk> onto man while red three shirt rock the others in to watched hang 
edge rock a him . catch man while of the others hanging two a is from 
to man from the one a rock next jumping large 
boulder to jumps from another men as catch he it two try and a makes . man him <unk> to one 
dog towards swims a . a waterfall 
a white tan swimming and waterfall dog a towards 
a dog a swims yellow towards waterfall . 
dog the toward through . water the swims waterfall the 
the . waterfall dog swims a towards 
climbing tree huge children . 
branches tree children are two some . in sitting 
down look green . two have they a children <unk> tree from 
two green kids a . tree in 
on sunny a tree day people in standing two 
jumping girl blue a wearing across stream . a blond 
rock from river to a hops girl rock the , across . 
to one rock a a girl another in from . jumping creek 
girl the <unk> while on a the air leaps . running through 
one rock jumps . a girl in another little a from creek to 
on of a chair legs . its dog white <unk> a black hind and standing in front on 
white legs hind dog on a stands black its and . 
. boy a jumps 
in legs hind black room living white . on standing dog and 
dog on hind its standing a of closeup legs 
on swing a of a a closeup girl . little 
<unk> a flowers on . a girl swing dress swings in pink a little with 
swinging a and dress a in white pink flowered blue girl . and sweater little 
girl young . is a backyard a swinging in 
the girl backyard swings . little the in 
where . in the is sprayed play street group a of water children 
playing children in water . 
water of the street in . under a children large spray machine play from a 
big sprinkler kids a playing . under 
water the in play the street kids in . of the middle 
and their on walk dogs a man woman . a leashes 
on leashes on as each grass dogs , <unk> . other walk apart owners towards 
being . the their away by two are pulled dogs owners 
toward each while their each on walk dogs other . leashes owners <unk> other away two from 
in <unk> human directions pull . them reach two to as leashes by opposite their each their try dogs other 
pushing are kids the strollers the the <unk> . <unk> adults of 
also riding costume in children white in being the while they pushed in and a stroller two black are <unk> a and and young are , costumes <unk> man a by 
parent kiss dressed . two up are babies along 's their with as 
makeup kiss in have the two kids . like little face " strollers on " band 
like two with group . two dressed music children others parents the up and kiss 
shirt among child in water <unk> some a plays striped fountains a . 
child shirt a . frolics in rolled , striped helmet , in sprinklers jeans up and a a 
in a playing a girl fountain 
through leaps girls a runs . as she sprinklers 
sprinklers shirt striped person in with . the is playing 
a a log jumps the woods . over dog in 
fence is climbing black . dog surrounded over , wooden bushes a large by a 
black dog over . fallen climbs logs or boards 
in area grassy over dog black climbs fence 
a with black fence over red posts collar dog is . climbing 
as dressed a boy <unk> . a smiles pirate 
on a shirt . a with his boy laughs skeleton 
child a dressed . smiles a pirate like 
young running pirate dressed as a a . boy and 
the his boys pirate enjoys costume . 
looks itself behind . dog a 
running tan dog a another dog is alongside outside 
on are each to the grass next . dogs running other two 
two the dogs run leaves near . together 
<unk> in . run dirt covered on small road two a dogs 
. is and into jumping wakeboarding a the is man air blonde 
blond jumping the ocean a the air over through man 
single man a a . waterski on blond 
his a on . man gets time wakeboard air 
on background water the in airborne blue wakeboard and with man . <unk> 
spiderman a boy a dressed as <unk> door <unk> 
spiderman a <unk> . a <unk> dressed child as 
a that is is child dressed . spiderman <unk> the as <unk> 
this spiderman get to little . some at waits halloween candy , 
. of young door a gray costume rings a a <unk> the child in house 
<unk> crowded . beach with a 
it watching <unk> on sky . a beach people has busy the 
a a beach on cloudy building and standing the with partly the day around at right people . 
something watch in sky the <unk> . 
. near a people the with many flying beach are building , flags on 
a hand black in dogs pool . to jump 
dog into dogs a . toy to get pool diving two are a black 
pool a two black jump . in dogs 
jump blue a into . dogs black swimming pool two 
is pool into in are dogs water swimming a floating to . the fetch that the yellow leaping toy trying two 
covers a a a that wearing black costumed diner in sits face outfit their restaurant . 
the table a figure into leans . costumed dinner 
restaurant a dressed a sitting man a costume at dark in table 
mask sitting covering man a a at scary with face table a his 
dressed in person black table a at a a . , costume 
. devil in as on stands <unk> street girl a front a object of a dressed a city 
in up is red a devil dressed outfit . girl a 
devil standing . fountain of front outfit a a woman ' a in ' in 
a costume in woman fountain red a of in . front a devil 
in woman front fountain costume and . a wears of a a poses devil 
two snowy raise arms a atop mountain . men their 
background jumping in two covered up mountains . the snow with people 
mountains their and arms on with raise the snow people . them behind two kneel 
mountains . a in arms their on two hill the snowy people raise 
two throw . their up hands snowboarders 
on with and leashes with a vest something dog a at pulls a mouth . few its 
a with a a mouth harness its and dog . toy 
at looks reflective a camera with . harness a dog the 
eyes camera . mouth a dog a toy its with in the 
in small a dog and at the black looking white is camera a harness 
a dressed in man . outfit a red 
red another costumed suit . a a in mask beside man and a stands red man 
a costume others . wearing red man near stands a 
red a mask and wearing . with guy the outfit black is matching a 
man of stands man camouflage is red . mask urban another a front in and in wearing red the outfit 
a dressed man brown . a in light holding saber 
holding . sword man a black on <unk> outfit to wearing a a 
saber brown in black up and holding . a dressed man white and light 
holds . the a <unk> light man 
<unk> is the man with . star light his sword playing 
a a dot girl polka a in into microphone . dress singing 
a dot top woman microphone singing in a . polka a into is 
into in . sings woman guitar background a player with microphone the a a 
is into black microphone <unk> with a white . hair singing woman dress black wearing a and a 
singing her while behind woman . a a holds young man a at a microphone stands guitar 
of stand five group a people outdoors . 
small shirts object trees five front a of stand of back . a in in people <unk> in 
. give five shirts blue a people presentation dark wearing outdoors , , 
shirts woman men in and four park in black . one a stand 
shade . and shirts woman standing grass black men one the the in on wearing four 
a a with . lot <unk> a red rope helmet girl of 
of red a has around wearing . smiling <unk> woman a shoulders rope long a hardhat her 
a a holding wearing a rope and . helmet smiling is woman red 
and woman the a at with helmet a climbing rope . smiles camera 
outdoors a very rope is the woman red long holding helmet smiling . in the 
rocks man drives a . jagged few a green a jeep over 
a a man rocks rough drives over jeep . 
over rocks is green man a jeep crossing a . driving large 
man a rocks green . <unk> a vehicle is over driving 
on climbs vehicle a near forest a . rocks 
woman her down upset her face . from <unk> with makeup <unk> her an 
. street of on who make-up jacket a down pink has a walks a lots person wearing 
woman is at wearing walking clothing shop heavy makeup pink a jacket and night . a past a 
a of in wearing neon saying . makeup with red woman stands " a heavy front store " sign light , a 
is a light woman a standing with . makeup next sign red to heavy 
it a on dog as catches jumps grass a . the frisbee 
to disc a flying a jumps catch pitbull . 
a frisbee catch to up dog jumped white in . the a has air 
the jumps dog to . frisbee catch the 
in frisbee white mouth its has dog the a grey . 
night across at guy gray the walking street in a is . 
green a long backpack , a a hoodie , . crosswalk walking across and hair with man a 
is hand down his " sign street he a with a <unk> hair man " with making while long walks . an 
gray backpack a long wearing . a clothes man with and hair 
grey pants with long brown backpack young wearing hair man and a 
a overlooking for mountain picture on a a top poses shorts bikini a in and a girl . lake 
stands . a a of in front bikini a girl in top view beautiful 
a a great in girl view the top a in bikini background with 
of a while front for poses in picture a . woman a lake 
body white with blue the woman background in in top water of bikini shorts . and 
bicyclists a in an group . riding path road down of race a off 
the riding through of woods bikers group a 
a in people group a riding of . bicycles are race 
a bikers race . through forest 
a bicyclists road many racing along . dirt 
. ball uniform in a navy blue boy soccer kicks an field a a with blond open 
. ball a blue all a in soccer area uniform grassy an boy blue in kicks a 
is a . a field at little playing soccer boy 
a one ball converse with child plays while small a relax another . and others with 
is . dressed blue boy white in ball kicking a young soccer and a 
suit a in rope a man lake on a a . bathing maroon on swings 
red rope a . a on man shorts lake in over swinging a 
rope man a swinging . on water the a is above 
on rope swinging over a water . is man a 
the out blue on over is water man rope this . the swinging swing 
. above guy trunks rope flying lake in a a swing swimming on a 
into off a is a man . tree <unk> a lake 
on into a a man swinging . swing a rope lake is 
water a . a the person swing uses over rope 
is lake swinging there man a swing off rope . a a into 
people by are the water three . the squatting 
at . edge the a look lake three bend over waters at children to 
three lean bright kids the water into pants . edge wearing 
of kids three at . a ground <unk> and the on lake the down shore look 
edge three lake a down people . of <unk> the on 
dogs a water carrying running through and their . two mouths float rope are red in 
of carry dogs the two a toy ocean out . 
and running in dogs two their red carrying in mouths water a toy . 
carry while wading in dogs the ocean one object two . 
water toy hold in through their same run the dogs and two . both mouths the 
in woman a red . and pink in man held baby by a with , pink hat a a 
is of holding his picture baby woman man a a baby . a the takes while 
takes a being a . by of a baby a photo held man woman 
a while a a takes woman a wearing hat picture man . a baby carries of her pink 
a a in woman of picture baby taking . pink is hat a 
water the a in black dog 
the its with ball through dog a in mouth black runs water . a 
coming a of ball out with surf in the <unk> a mouth black his 
. coming in something mouth its of , with out large a water dog pool black is a of 
<unk> a red a the ball its is through . water in black dog mouth the running with collar 
man mouse wear mickey a . an a event ears and woman at 
mouse woman man stand crowd a and ears . wearing a mickey in 
hats mouse woman mickey . a wear man and 
mickey woman wearing man in a a and . mouse crowd ears 
looking back while two an ears mickey with <unk> are a mouse spectators <unk> stadium from at . 
black . runs some dog in white and a leaves 
a ground across sprints dog leaf . the covered 
in fall with . floppy dog in the ears a runs a forest 
leaves a the runs dog fall through ear up one with . outside 
is leaves dog white . orange brown running a and over 
dog fighting dog black and a . a tan 
black dog are on a ground the a dog . white wrestling and 
dog white a dog a the . black bites while standing on sand 
dogs . two fight 
white other two the sand black play one and dogs , each , with . one in 
climbs cliff , with rope rock man blue behind a very a a him up . tall 
climbing shirt a rock a wearing . red man wall the up is 
mountain climbs a another . young follows below , a man 
man scales rock . 
leading up is rock face long climber a . in the climbers red 
a cartwheel . cliff rock a a boy does on 
rock . climbs man large a a 
. a structure a steep climbs man on 
safety a no climbs . up man with a cliff face equipment 
a shirtless a mountainside is . man up climbing 
forest . dog a the in 
forest a a . log a dog standing in on 
grey tree forest a the colored in licking . is dog a fallen 
. dog tree a in fallen the woods a grey <unk> 
medium sniffing sized dog a forest a in 
grass of a . in a hat a front man in in dry stands gray jeep 
a outside standing man . in hat a green his <unk> of jeep 
to a next black his jeep . man 
to green man in next <unk> and . <unk> a standing green jeep shirt 
next standing black dirt to jeep a a man on hill . 
enjoying few . sun are people of a chairs only many the empty with the 
on people lying are chairs lounge . 
a body lawn water of out several on lay . sun white the people in chairs by 
people lounge are relaxing on beach two amidst chairs a 
at <unk> chairs a . for up are white lined resort lounge 
a woman in young jeans a blond plaza little walk a through and boy . 
and walks <unk> tank . blue khaki red european on the a shorts toddler a woman and top with boy in top street white a in jeans a 
the and a walks a side of woman boy . walks her little to 
boy . wide the a his a arms red open wearing in stands young street shirt with 
. a and wearing shirt red walking is baby the in plaza a 
a bike a a little ride . helps man girl 
bicycle on that young for girl a is big a balance helps her . a too man 
bike . on onto a a holding girl a small man 
on bicycle a is girl man a a helping large sit . 
an this girl onto is . in a dress bicycle man helping a orange 
. ground and and man eat a sit the a girl on 
a a a and near sidewalk are little . sitting man girl bag blue on a eating 
meal girl a man a on and eat . a young city street 
the a shirt black wearing a shirt sitting on an pavement and wearing man . a eating orange girl 
orange dress wearing girl treat a man share a a shirt little . and a black wearing an 
. feeding father his a street the child on 
orange man black sharing a a a shirt his and girl in treat wearing . are little 
food a man building near feeding with is while sitting child . a onlookers a 
to <unk> a man little a . , food girl seated , 
girl with dress and a a beside an black ice is man shirt bag orange with an to sunglasses who a cream <unk> on . feeds sitting 
a . is scaling climber a mountain cliff 
climbs mountain . a man up a 
man climbing helmet white backpack a . is in a huge and rock 
edge mountain of follows mountain the . the a climber 
of . has climber mountain top brown <unk> a the a rock 
child . an a at exhibit 
girl to . over skips the a fence 
background the boardwalk blue little a with on <unk> girl in walks . a 
, is , red black dress a wearing a and <unk> white with girl young . a 
dress looks at . black red in small <unk> silver white girl and , large 
sport spectators children <unk> a in among participate . <unk> 
with pig children playing a 
around a are gathered people pig watching children with . 
while a several . pet children pig a watches crowd 
children are petting the a young <unk> 
black balances dog plank a and a . on white wooden 
beam running blue is fence . wooden a on dog a a beside 
a stunts on . dog performs platform acrobatic a 
dog a walks by plank railing red blue a a on . 
high dog on walks plank the the . 
. kayaks a kayaker through water the 
the ocean person . kayaking in a 
middle of ocean the grey on person in a the a day kayaks . 
of a rows a . person a water boat over large body 
a a hand in boat person paddle with in 
wetsuit a . his has in on a dog beach the mouth 
dragging dog beach an a item a on 
on beach dog walking a a 
a a tan . dragging deflated down dog the innertube beach 
hold the . beach <unk> something the has of on a dog 
white fluffy owner a dog a . bike on leash riding a its with 
on a person a a has white leash a bike . dog on 
<unk> a by person on a white bicycle being a dog 
bicycle . a along a white dog runs 
. beside bicycler a dog walking a white 
the sneakers way a . and water makes her in rocks the and onto girl out of bikini a 
in a a rocks climbing bikini . in girl 
in to a rocks a . rocky woman climbs stream next bikini a 
in a on is a a . bikini woman rocks in running stream 
rocks young . woman climbing a <unk> is creek bikini near a a 
children . pit several a playing ball in 
balls pit of a colorful playing some full children in 
pit in ball . children a three 
two child ball headfirst watches third a fall children while . into colorful pit a 
two down while pit a slide into ball slide . on a another children looks child 
<unk> a a a dog on a ball , spotted dog tennis and . puppy black , 
the three playing . dogs grass in are 
grassy dogs field play . a in three 
the three dogs in woods in running background with the around grass 
two area grassy a . large playing large in are dogs 
is road . cycling the a man on 
rides with bicycle man a concrete a road down <unk> . a 
his man . a wet bicycle on a road rides 
fence . a road biking person on near a a 
man path <unk> wearing bike through gloves white <unk> and helmet 
a into boys pool doing the . <unk> four jump in <unk> 
trunks four swim a pool jump in . into boys swimming 
inground boys an pool . into jumping four 
a boys swimming four . pool into jumping 
a four jump in children . pool 
steps dog small onto a . log a 
white log a a dog climbs over small . 
climbing a log blue white over . a large dog is with collar a small 
white outside . log a over a dog jumps 
. a jumping log a white <unk> over is 
in a a stream wearing her the has feet blue top girl . 
while shoes stream . a wearing feet a hiker puts in his brown 
is and blue in a rock man his rocky resting soaking on wearing shirt feet a stream a shorts . a 
rocks is on a stream sitting near smooth . person a bed 
towel shoes and a a shorts , rocky blue sitting woman brown while in soaking , a dressed plaid in feet a creek on her . shirt 
. a blue baby boy a toy outside plays with 
carrying with of front stands in in a a . house hose a ball baby a the background in 
boy blue . the holding in little is yard a ball a 
holding standing a . sidewalk the a child on ball male 
a boy playing a young standing on sidewalk a ball blue with 
white dog is black . and playing a water in 
to it shakes . on itself a step dog a a standing dry at next river is black 
dog is of after water a the coming . out shaking 
is a water of shaking . off dog itself 
off a shakes water . dog 
. red and ball pink over the the dogs fight 
on sand while in playing orange pull two both ball the same dogs the . 
fighting and toy a dogs red pink two over 
ball . of with war a tug dogs play two 
opposite a . tug from two on ball dogs and ends orange pink 
shows still toy kids <unk> his child . a other 
a at birthday are party group a . kids of 
adults and boy . surrounded a children a <unk> little group opening of is by 
shows party at birthday toy . boy off 
children a there getting is with picture group their presents of . taken 
. wooden checked to man bowl stands a next in large a shirt a 
man a a next standing plate large . to 
. a older wooden to man of display next an is standing <unk> 
bowls poses wooden . an man display near on older 
a product wooden wearing glasses showing the . is man 
a woman baby down a road carrying backpack a a bag with in a a purse . walking and 
down walks . carrying a bags woman street large the 
with luggage . walking carrying woman baby street her down the a on back a 
one walking her and a in hand other . with back and arm street her on woman under child the a bags on 
woman her purple a on her one with a left back baby her shoulder walking hand on bag a a and brown . right in 
leaves red shirts in the in children play . 
boys fallen . four playing red are in with leaves 
pile into . on ground a leaves children leaping several the of 
leaves playing small a in are of . children dead pile 
jumping leaves three . kids in 
. white wearing a hangs playground the a shirt from equipment child 
child one monkey stands the on the in in bars brown while is below , . white the 
on bars are two monkey children . playing 
playing gym two children . a on jungle 
in . two time jungle playing on children orange an the winter gym 
to dog a shakes white get water and black itself the off 
a and off itself water black shakes . white dog 
. dog shaking water off a 
black wet and shaking . its white head dog 
shaking nose white and black with off . dog water black wet 
a a boy in . large pool 
in boy by a plays water building a the . 
a to splashing through boy building a next water . 
a a near frisbee in water stands . boy 
near child a building . stone water through a splashes 
and brown a purple a in a shirt fountain sit puppy woman a near 
a the dog pool with dog sits while nearby by a is . another woman 
a woman feet a and shallow a in pool puppy her looks . with sits at 
large fountain put side into . his with <unk> on the the feet their checks the muzzle the out the on , leash while <unk> rottweiler the puppy 
at dog and woman off <unk> fountain 
she kisses the waits with to . girl other children <unk> before mother a start school her 
clothes . a children group gate a blue in by of stand 
gate in of front a . stand in of students the uniform group 
near the . water crowd of people 
in of <unk> kissing uniforms mother her standing <unk> group gate one at a , . 
dog a river at . canoe brown floats in a sunset big the on 
. a still looks brown canoe over waters in out dog a 
<unk> lake . is on boat a dog a in small a 
sitting a dog fat boat in a 
golden traveling a lying lake is is a . dog boat haired that on a in 
. animal surrounded brown and by a white trees 
looking outside standing a at camera . dog is the 
a . standing tan dog plants near white green and 
standing of a dog is tan some . plants in front 
the out a like who brown dog . <unk> looks of forest looks the 
a the looks summit from climber down mountain 
two climbing a between faces rock person is large rock . 
in two rocks climbs a between large climber rock very . 
against from a out a <unk> blue deep rock climber . sky a leans 
two to person tries one climb a in as . stand mountains large high the air 
. glasses a man woman in a bubbles blow and 
. woman bubbles a man blow and 
. black bubbles man in a a blow brown a in shirt shirt woman pink <unk> and a with 
blowing . an plastic woman an and asian hoops asian are man from bubbles pink 
next to blowing a bubbles other and are . each woman man 
in . boys field soccer kicking a two a ball 
on a ball two playing soccer are . with children grass 
children with the grass two playing ball . on a 
soccer in . two play the park children 
on boys their with little playing . grass outside ball are soccer green two the 
a plays . boy game a 
playing a is <unk> . arcade style child a game with an fish <unk> 
little boy ! <unk> <unk> red-headed a plays 
pop of out <unk> an game arcade is a . small boy that <unk> 
. an arcade game plays a child young 
a held leash in . a by shoes is white dog woman on a 
shoes by held leash . wearing white a with woman a a purple dog is 
a tan a leash on . and black small dog 
being dog held on small a a leash . 
leash brown small dog on 
wagon . young eating boy corndogs and a girl in sit a 
two outside corndogs . kids eat 
in kids two . corndogs outdoors sit a holding plastic tub , 
a or . two small wagon are toddlers bin corndogs eating in 
two corndogs eat . children young 
<unk> in man shower home a . <unk> outdoor a 
shower an uses man a . outdoor 
a watering in a green with homemade can <unk> shower person a 
the <unk> an water as . person using watering taking , shower a outside a can 
a around wrapped watering . a can and tree tarp a 
yard does a . work man 
just a in man above . steps tool some is yard using a pavement jeans work 
with his <unk> cleaning man . a is yard leaf a 
a . leaf <unk> man a a garden using in 
a on man garden works his . 
holding while bags a group large . trash onto people bikes ride of 
people bags shopping carts full with . four of 
people plastic riding of bicycles full cans bags carry . large 
on in . bicycles trash <unk> shopping multiple people carts large and bags 
sacks carts bikes . people with on and traveling 
. run adult beach on child and the an a 
the next to woman a in ocean and playing sand the girl a little 
run pointing . and beach the is down two of them people one 
people two . on beach a running 
running of two on shore beach a people the 
a girl a boy a <unk> . while at the fish points fish 
small points fish a stream catches boy a girl a in a as . 
girl young a fish boy a young a helps . stream while catches a from 
from river a fish is boy the . the pink in watching catch girl the 
a kids fishing near . two river 
blond head on looks sunglasses girl her with <unk> a . 
wearing a woman sunglasses . 
sunglasses head woman down a on . wearing looking her 
glasses on <unk> head wearing black something and shirt woman to 
at something . with looks sunglasses black woman down 
the a boxer boxer a in punches . face 
the <unk> a other kick blocks <unk> . kick to <unk> attempts his another while 
a a kick for <unk> jumping 
in ring . are boxers the two 
the in two ring man one a punching , <unk> men . other 
in the tossed girl being and caught and little air in is necklace a . a only socks 
man a girl little lifting above his . head a is 
girl air a little spinning is above in the a man his . head 
the naked thrown into little girl air . a being 
is the held man in hair above child a . a air as 's her young head flies 
other man and . next bicycles woman a to each ride 
the . bike two bikers street along 
riding bikes men highway two . on 
are people . two along riding road bicycles a 
together their down street . two people riding bikes a 
. in <unk> lake people into a jump of a group 
diving . boys three into a lake 
swimming diving are trunks three the in boys into lake . 
three into people . diving water 
water . swim are diving colorful young the men into wearing trunks three 
drink a an attempting to dog from outdoor <unk> water 
<unk> drinking of a . out dog water a 
drinks fountain of dog water a a . water out 
to three turns to water drink some hand the <unk> a . <unk> dogs 
. <unk> dogs public drinking a at three water 
whilst boarder wave other on a by the a being in . the around <unk> body is standing are water beach surfers 
large while his wave a pushed yellow is surfboard holding . by child a 
four with swimmers <unk> blue the in surfboards ocean . yellow 
standing . and people ocean the <unk> in 
a with beach some tourists <unk> waves riding on busy 
white . in is sword girl swinging a a 
her lady sword a shows 
a . unseen opponent with woman <unk> an is 
sword holding martial a in uniform <unk> boy . 
<unk> shirts a one two holding white women sword watching in . , <unk> people of 
stand of a . front formation of rock people group a in 
in backpack a man and a . blue canyon little a another 's shoulders man holding front of on kid 
a are walking from the with the child rocks away . men 
a men and . two there hiking are kid outside 
some interesting to rock child near men <unk> with . a hiking two are small formations 
football . game player a pauses a during 
football wears green a . it jersey " 4 on number " player with a the 
. handed football towel <unk> being the a player is on field 
green bay off player <unk> <unk> 
player off cloth bay green someone <unk> a football takes . of a 
purple park enclosure dog a a dog inside growling <unk> brown collar . a jumping is with at 
is puppies . a playing watching person two 
a one . interacting dogs two behind standing with another person 
a brown dog next light dog brown a . stands to while and stands up snarling person a black 
person , , a gray in . play near two dogs stand one jeans brown by one while 
their the to . sunglasses with wearing turned men camera backs 
men tents some . near the of two wearing backpacks backs 
picture <unk> the . right place black of men watch to something taking vests two the in 
have men two backpacks black in outfits . 
tents a some two crowd men over . vests <unk> by <unk> watch white in 
a a playing . a cigarette smoking guitar outside guy and 
a an man cigarette electric . outside a smokes with sitting guitar 
holding a a scruffy sort the smoking bike on next and sitting to man a of guitar while some looking sidewalk . 
man a a smoking guitar while young is holding cigarette . a maroon 
playing and . sidewalk on a man an cigarette a smoking guitar electric 
. a of colored are two statue approaching gold men <unk> 
one two , throwing . something standing men street a are in be appears to 
look people towards two a gold up . statue 
<unk> statue and . at two people a stand golden 
of play statue near <unk> outside young golden two a men . 
ring catching another . watches , dog a while dog a in midair 
into . air to dog jumps ring catch a the a 
. dog ring to jumping small , catch white red 
to white . brown small his catch markings with dog jumping in mouth ring red a 
with two outdoors a toy playing are dogs . 
a basketball boy . holds a <unk> 
at boy the a camera <unk> a <unk> with . 
young shows basketball a <unk> boy off his 
basketball court boy the a basketball a holding is wooden . on 
boys court holding basketball are basketball and is a two on there . a one 
boy a in basketball gymnasium dribbles . a the 
gym a a basketball . in boy dribbling a 
an indoor court on shirt basketball <unk> boy a a dribbles . a wearing <unk> 
gray t-shirt a court . a a in is bouncing basketball on basketball a child 
little one . dribbles his basketball boy 
denim dressed on boy is the in running . sidewalk a 
potted of boy wall motion in front young plants and in a a beige . 
young outfit denim wearing down the a boy street running a 
little through boy in area runs , paved yard . <unk> denim 
jeans walkway the flower are <unk> a and blue boy young . , <unk> in on blue cement jacket background running 
black past man the shirt city rollerblading is in a a bench in . a 
is . a in of front inline bench skating man a wooden 
. rollerblades park is on a bench standing paved man a wearing area near a 
. sidewalk man a rollerblades the <unk> down on 
a and a park . pants on a near black wearing surface bench man skates brown shirt concrete a 
along . are water step people the on sitting fishing and 
a fishing pier . off people 
a people fishing off boardwalk of 
wall the . beside off some the people fishing ocean are 
<unk> day the . warm enjoy the 
off falling yellow tube a girl and a blue water . 
onto a a raft the woman end of . hanging 
. holds woman water a a is raft it the onto blow-up as pulled over 
woman rides . a pulled inflatable tube a by boat an 
young water . a on woman <unk> 
a <unk> bowl boy hat blue of a with a full points towards . 
something table child clothes a on a at medieval points . in 
cup with a child table looking basket , apples , a and bowl of a . in costume at period a 
boy at a to . next fair a apples young medieval 
at table and the is art with the child . apples sitting <unk> 
toward walking of a group 5 mountains the people are . 
a walking mountain background in a <unk> a , of people group in . the 
of group walk through . the desert a people 
hikers a across are a . mountain space walking towards open five large 
a , towards hikers in snowy five peaks background <unk> dry <unk> . the plain 
on sitting bench couple <unk> a black helmets together wearing a 
a a and man wearing having are , . bicycle a and conversation helmets woman are 
helmet a wearing helmet wearing a a bicycle man woman looks . a at bicycle 
wearing each helmets other at looks couple biking <unk> 
on people a bicycle two chatting . bench with helmets 
climbs fence . a woman over a <unk> 
wire fence <unk> woman . a a climbing 
woman wire porch her . a climbs in a a behind cowboy a onlookers with outfit fence from over 
climbs fence <unk> clad over <unk> cowgirl 
over on wire to . get two away <unk> <unk> climbs deck from cowgirl clad the scantily the the the fence people 
brown fighting dogs two each are and other . biting 
together a brown . two near tree <unk> dogs 
two outdoors dogs playing 
yellow <unk> dogs rough in playing shaggy a . two 
fight front tree tan two . a in of dogs 
a paper table face . holding at a his restaurant child against sitting mask a 
sitting a child front . on with plate a at mask a with in table a 
a young at <unk> a mask child wearing . 
mask paper a posing with a child restaurant in 
restaurant cardboard boy mask at the . is the a wearing scuba 
. of a play while some football boys flag watch <unk> group 
tag kids . football playing 
uniforms white blue boys several and in football flag playing 
outside some while team people sports playing uniforms are watch . boys in 
touch football . boys young play 
in mud in of puddle the street man a middle jumping the a 
a down and man lot . up jumps a in parking in puddle a 
and jumps a big person . in smiling jacket a boots a puddle wearing 
jumping the beach in joy storm for . man at a rain 
. body in standing background person blue coat water with in in of on pavement water jumping the 
in a a and dog . climbs <unk> <unk> group covered hikers by hillside of white trail a black 
three up people a and a . hike group one of mountainside dog green 
with hike mountain a up a dog . people green 
walking are dog hillside on hikers the through . three a the and foliage 
and mountain other in river up three hiking a with mountains background a people the . 
on two grass run . , one other brown , black the <unk> 
run in with the <unk> grass ball blue . a two 
a in blue field chase two . ball dogs a 
are . two ball dogs a chasing small 
in two playing dogs ball . field small a small with a 
playing dog brown with tennis ball a a 
for brown a . dog a ball tennis reaches 
. a the at dog in looking is gray air a ball 
green a large a tennis dog catch skinny . is <unk> trying to ball 
a catches brown a sunny in yard ball dog 
large a cleaning man a of . <unk> inside glass the of 
. man smiles and cloth blue a up holds a 
. man a up a holding plastic is indoors <unk> 
smiles he while windows man <unk> . a 
wearing a the black up item . is and a a blue window holding man in shirt 
teenagers pink a of . hair group one with , 
of group near a wall . teenagers a talk cement 
group a to columns building a with sandy talk . next of teenagers 
building and two concrete to hair a . with pink black hair girls boys with two standing next <unk> 
girls hair . dyed young talk two two boys with black in to 
. side shirt a around red is with yellow her standing at black girl purse a and her in bag 
a near . a fountain stands woman 
with lady waits . and purse bag her the 
red woman a front and the a of wears stands rock in shirt pond . 
street shopping purse bag on a and a with woman the . standing 
holding <unk> up man wood a of vest in a a <unk> 
a yellow <unk> a neon wooden man a in carrying vest 
a construction a wood <unk> new . plank a gear to of is moving in man large 
man hi-viz yellow . board wooden a a wearing is <unk> 
hair man short structure moves wooden . with 
a of children a . a performance stage are group up lined for on 
group few a and girls together a practice . on of and a adults boys while stage on watch school children 
perform front are to an . ready of onstage kids group in audience of standing a 
. group onstage kids a of 
an of of stage front children a performing in on a large audience group 
black a blanket hat a a girl covered in is jacket in pink and 
a beach , gloves scarf boulder the <unk> , a and sweater . sits in woman hat black , a near on a 
cap black a sand woman in outfit . the in a sits and 
rock her behind on sits a . a wearing hat sand woman the a black with 
by blanket a is , black the rock is . but hat pink a covered girl , by black a sitting gloves coat black wearing 
gymnastics child doing a 
child a a gymnasium gymnast performs in . a trick 
girl somersault . a leotard a on in does gymnastics blue blue a a mat 
floor in the . gymnast blue <unk> on a a doing a handstand is leotard 
. <unk> flip a on gymnast blue does 
shoes a green drain . down child staring in a 
a green shirt drain and a looking a down <unk> young in child 
looking <unk> . blond road down on the girl the 
little girl the down green <unk> the the bends check . in out 
small inside green a over . child leans in <unk> to the <unk> look 
big . dog the his water shallow a threw a running in mouth stick with tan 
in the through water while stick dog a holding . runs a its mouth 
retriever coming its a . in carrying golden a is of stick out water the mouth 
. a a through in with its water stick dog tan running is mouth shallow 
out carrying wet stick walking in lake dog the its a . of is a mouth 
a dog . stick brown a to retrieve into a lake wades 
a very the . a dog through carries stick big water 
in dog stick water a its in a . the holds mouth 
its through stick mouth running creek a with a a . dog in is 
reddish stick a dog water carrying in walking . brown his mouth a in 
a front house in . coat is of in a a child <unk> an of red snow holding 
preparing a coat a . red large in a snowball child 
snowsuit a a . red plays snow in child with 
snow a of makes out child . a ball 
orange kid outside ball . plays with a in snow a of 
jacket walking black mountain a person in red . a snowy a and up 
a hill snowy is walking up a person 
person a hill red a snowy . jacket a climbs wearing 
snowy climbing mountain climber mountaintop . 
snow covered climbing hill parka and in person black red 
standing a rock . on man view the shorts a out from looking at <unk> in is the 
standing grassy mountain a at a view looking the man of a on rock 
hillside a standing rock . shirtless man a on a overlooking 
onto head wearing with a mountain hand and with shorts man standing . shirt his on boots hiking looking on no out 
with man cliff high shirtless back on to . camera 
field in of colorful . flowers a dog a 
is a field . a dog through large brown of flowers running 
dog a tan field a . through of walks flowers colorful 
field through dog of flowers runs 
the . flowers dog through brown walks the 
a mountain on gear climbing mountain 
equipment ski left , on ski snowy alone . slope 
of a . ski the equipment on snowy mountain side 
sits on alone a ski mountain snowy equipment 
<unk> in snow poles . and with gear snowy mountainside 
hind ball and on a a standing . while catching is its brown tennis white legs dog 
mouth its tennis dog red an ball catches . jumps a a in 
ball mouth tennis in a jumping in the his <unk> air dog a with . 
a up ball jumps a . tan tennis to dog catch 
dog jumps catch to . the ball the 
golden dog little petting a . a girl is 
tan a to gives girl small a dog . kiss a 
a tan and kiss a little dog girl . 
dog from for the girl up a <unk> toddler a . kiss 
. licks the a girl nose little a dog yellow on 
. a frisbee pink dog chases black white and a 
a a dog <unk> and chasing black . is frisbee white 
is a and looking at dog black a . pink frisbee white court on a 
him with black pink next is dog a and a frisbee to running white 
<unk> . catch frisbee to a on runs a dog 
watches to boy , by a . a on a hose holding another man a while next boy woman held 
rest family his of child spout water playing is a the . while watches with a outdoors 
from water boy woman into a boy squirt is helping a whilst and a shirt pond man hose watch a orange . an a in 
water in pasture a family smiling a congregate around spout a . 
young with with plays a field and child two a a . adults hose another child , in 
a on trail snowy lone a hiker is on rock . mountain sitting a 
a descends . snowy man mountain a 
person a is mountain snowy . climbing a 
in . the mountains someone hiking 
mountains the snowy person the in . is 
the a jumping white is black a toward dog in . and snow grey dog 
the on . dogs playing two beach 
on . two dogs beach play the 
on two snowy french a field romp poodles 
poodles and the jumping high are is two one in snow 
ride group . raft the a current a of friends in 
river . group rafting of people a 
riding wearing through of rough people a . jackets a waters group life raft 
jackets large life people a in river on group red of red wearing the a raft 
raft water group this are of on in the practicing wearing a river safety people while <unk> by 
the bluff high on standing a in hiker mountains . a 
large world a of a on top <unk> of rock on formation . the top man 
the a his a hands in at stands the mountain of top with air man . 
mountain . a the his with at man arms a raised of top 
top shirt in , at is person . raised a mountain red , the of arms standing a a with 
. child sings multicolored a guitar a microphone plastic red and plays toy into 
is boy microphone little a a with and guitar . playing toy 
. a microphone toy boy a a little into while guitar plays singing toy 
little a boy guitar with toy and <unk> play microphone music . to 
a child microphone the red guitar has and . small toy 
a . in paddling water man 
person a on a lake a paddles . boat 
the with beautiful a boat lake scenery on . 
canoes lake in . person 
. some mountains the front of a in paddle is in a <unk> person and holding 
<unk> body a a . water and cliff near over soars a of 
ocean parachuting the a person over 
a ocean the near cliff over . <unk> purple flying a 
cliff . has jumped parachute with off someone purple a a 
ocean purple the the the grey below cliff parachutes . floats off toward 
person orange it holds a while and another white walks parachute in their toward a . field 
. on the <unk> people ground after parachute a landing 
a standing <unk> in the is <unk> field parachute his . near to 
after two <unk> field . they <unk> people a have parachute a in 
the a used a parachute just are of grassy gathering plain people two people that on . one 
desert parachutes into man the . a 
some parachute over . a sand 
a . lands <unk> 
gliding a is hang a sandy person . over area 
him along has flying a <unk> . the with bird 
. another duck dog dog brown stuffed mouth in brown at barks with a 
two competing <unk> dogs . for the bird 
two . play dogs brown 
. mouth duck together toy has dogs its and a one running in two 
<unk> red playing toy a two dogs in with are collars bird 
dress on running girl in a a sand . is flower 
arms running outstretched a girl with 
a a runs across in <unk> little sandy dress a girl playground . 
is a running . girl little 
leg . one girl is on <unk> standing the 
black a . dog 
a black . towards lays in grass the the camera dog looks and 
black covered leaves lawn dog on . a grassy a in lays 
puppy collar on and a black leaves the black . wearing sits grass 
dog on black lays grass 
crawls a a a sky baby . against to blue street next 
against on blue . sky crawls a asphalt a baby 
asian a boy . crawls little on asphalt along 
blue the crawling on little in pants . is a road toddler 
asian baby on a crawling . an road 
head its laughs and above control . baby a a game holds 
game <unk> to a video his a is a baby . above head holding 
. the a little control of in holds <unk> television kid front a up 
a his holding head <unk> over boy . young a <unk> is 
baby floor on holding head over . and game sitting its <unk> a 
street over man the fallen on has night at a 
on man ground pants wet spot . a his and with white red hat a the a and on laying 
<unk> hat ground a no he himself lays man , on shoes . the with a after and 
shoes on down lays a . his off person street the with 
his is hat a ground a and on . white there man red on with the head laying 
outdoor an of stand at . the child man bottom benches a staircase near and 
in garden standing other , a . at each area boy an outdoor man looking and young are , 
<unk> boy a to in man a . an talking 
. area <unk> in a a a to talks boy man 
outdoor the and the stairs of . at man are the bottom standing boy the 
. a while hangs him a a push <unk> boy gives man a from 
boy an person playground by on little pushed a being older 
a pulley boy swing . little is a down going 
a pushes line boy a a . zip man on 
boy hanging slides while a smiling a on rope down . 
with brown trots a a wearing path black down . vest dog red a markings 
and grassy dog along black red wearing path . a brown running jacket a a is 
a with road <unk> down dog reflective running a a rural 
rural dog red with road . in jacket and and on brown area run white black 
running a dirt cape road . with dog red on a 
step on concrete child a wrapped a a sitting couple young in blanket a with 
holding . a sit a man steps a woman on child and 
family on a steps enjoying sits young day the 
steps . sitting a stone on young family 
holding woman the and steps . wooden sitting on are a baby man 
stand play near area and in steps adults . of wooded and a front children 
in a a paved in courtyard stands fall in park . family an 
other group in a , of bicycle a one while group . holds talking the stands girl people to each 
are <unk> near adults and . seating gathered the outdoor an children 
with is the pants . girl the bike red red wearing 
play a and field in dog brown a a black 
a and a grass brown dog dog together . black in are tall 
are tall a and together the brown dog in . black a grass dog 
. in two standing dogs are very a area grassy 
at field a in . dogs two each other looking 
a . of <unk> girl in little stripped a boy the lays tights on little and girl 
children three . the and laughing playing on floor and 
. playing the on children three floor 
carpet . a floral children on three wrestle 
big on and together up three playing all rug are kids <unk> . a young 
at dog is a . <unk> track greyhound the race 
dirt racing three a on dogs track 
three track the across dogs run . 
dogs a . race three around track greyhound dark 
greyhounds . the reach line three finish 
. sun setting a of group people standing of in a front 
dusk at a in field children . 
trees several near are dusk people . standing at 
. a group people the trees <unk> sun four surrounding setting the and of 
is the a behind group setting people sun . of 
is . people a street while stand shirt boy without running the in him behind a several 
a city dances him . behind a of on a with little boy group street people 
adults a the small . dances surrounded on by boy concrete 
the people no by . boy of little wearing is a shirt crowd running 
is around adults the . little walking shirtless boy 
is girl bike a a on a picture pink a . decorated guy colorfully taking of and girl 
decorated girl girl another while picture on bike a younger a a with boy . takes sits a 
a bicycle picture on people are for two a posing 
a decorated two ridding colorfully people . bicycle 
their colorful a ride while blond two takes . bike people a woman picture 
a mountain . down snow covered with a man snowboarding 
. steep hill descending <unk> a skier a covered snow 
a the of <unk> snowy . side a snowboarder down hill 
hill down going <unk> a . snowboarder 
shining above and sun trees the the . is snow 
. a a walking is and inside on left a a person of the is on sidewalk fence skeleton 
a a road the . sits fence on skeleton a of edge on 
a bushes . sits on skeleton the 
<unk> halloween sidewalk a woman a . down walks a past 
a a behind is . large fence skeleton there 
mountain a of horses snowy . people a in group of and front 
and mountain horses . riders the break resting on a taking and are the trail 
mountains the three pack around . are in up in standing red men of tent front horses a 
the . mountains stand horses their in around riders three 
snowy on some horses two mountain men and . a 
forest biting dog is stick . on a the a in brown and black 
chewing a . brown a wood of on large dog piece 
a chewing . brown on is dog stick a 
a chewing . on stick a is dark brown dog 
playing . is stick a dog the with brown 
colorful black swims carrying a dog a ball . 
in a retrieving dog a . water black ball is 
black dog . a swimming in with his a is ball mouth 
dog his water mouth in . black swims ball with colorful a in a 
water the . bright black in paddles with ball through mouth a its dog 
man jumping of brown dog in dog . in is up jeans a at another the front 
<unk> on tan dog <unk> is stands dog another . a someone gravel tan while 
a dogs <unk> in with the two <unk> in <unk> . background man 
two play . on fighting sand dogs 
two hug wrestle . or dogs 
. for landscape photo posing hiker a <unk> in mountain an a 
a a man green hat the poses mountains in in 
a mountain of green slope a standing man in . front a a on hat in 
in wearing , a <unk> . green the in a standing man <unk> camouflage hiking is gear 
person the is . gear in a hiking standing a in mountain on a hill background with 
boy river flipped into another . the a gets by boy 
water play in under bridge the . children of a a group 
and an airborne his others by watched is kid . <unk> 
off water boys bridge into . a jump the 
flipping boy . in young in with water surrounding shirt the other man boys white four them 
little pink hand a is to whilst out . blue girl person a beam along 's a support and is a walking her in leotard stretched 
with little is a standing a and in walking . of the pink beam her outfit woman a to left girl on aid blue balance 
ready a beam down an a little to adult walking with balance girl . <unk> 
girl is a young on balance beam a standing . 
on practicing girl a balance . young a gymnastics beam 
young . camera boy barefoot park in <unk> at a while a the swinging 
a boy high sky swings blue under . 
playground . brown a a against blue in swings boy wearing sky a 
is sandy park at the on . a boy young a swinging swings blonde 
a height two . the children of swing at 
the . are climbing men 
<unk> men in lying mountain on . a of the side are red two 
the on on two side cliff makeshift are of . sleeping a <unk> men 
men cliff hanging <unk> from two in a 
two the . on mountain smiling climbers mountainside are 
little is couch on pajamas the jumping . a girl in 
little window girl bouncing on bay is in of large a a a couch front . 
jumping couch . on a little a girl 
sofa on girl jumping a is small . bed a 
a high girl . a and couch off the of jumps air into young 
riding a . lady and hat a white bicycle a in sunglasses 
a and down street a gloves . hat in a person city warm biking 
bike is riding near intersection a gear winter a person an . in 
in coat woman riding a down city winter bike . street a a a 
a woman is . a beanie the down street a bike riding white wearing 
blurry . a riding woman picture a of a bike 
a her female riding bike . helmet with black a and scarf a 
fall the down in street woman . the her rides bike a 
a rides she helmet as brown and wearing bike her is the coat girl . 
rides autumn jacket brown in wearing bicycle woman 
some in among <unk> a christmas the wearing plays a a dog . brown animals with dog headband white grass stuffed 
a to ears brown a dog white <unk> next dog wearing . is 
fake . play outdoors its a together a brown and dog <unk> with head white dog on 
to dog a dog brown wearing next christmas the white headband is . the 
grass tussle two the dogs on , one <unk> , christmas . wearing 
picture another back a . takes a while a doing flip man 
midair flip of picture person in grass another the taking is person a . in a a doing 
field takes his in of a a a gymnastics friend picture man young doing 
photo small of jumping man field another taking man one by in a a a . tree 
a the flip in while field the takes a one does middle . their of friend person picture 
race . dogs a in 
running track . greyhound out dogs on are stripes gate of wearing racing a a 
the out of at gate . jumping a race greyhounds 
gate greyhounds the racing . <unk> starting 
gate starting on track three running are dogs a . out the of racing 
running . yard a brown dog a in 
a the in . <unk> , grass in on background the yard a runs dog a 
dog . 's someone through trotting yard a 
backyard through a large brown a dog . grassy running is 
large dog through large a runs area . brown grassy 
a jeans . down man black railing skateboards hoodie in and a a 
railing steep next a steps . down man to some a skateboards 
sliding a is brick on down person a rail . a snowboard 
down a walks set . brick the a of railing person steps near 
snow snowboarder without . down a a handrail rides 
all a . traffic bicyclist black in dressed in 
is man skinned street dark of a traffic . a in full cycling 
bike in black man the is parking in . a a riding lot 
. a riding traffic near a bike man 
bike traffic his man riding in a 
in bird its a in a grabs . black pool dog mouth the 
a there a get into is duck dog to a pool . jumping floating 
duck swimming pool into is a dog after a . a jumping 
the chicken a get in dog pool jumps a to . 
in catch chicken rubber pool dog the a . to is mouth black jumping into its the 
a blue a woman . and in pink a bicycle coat riding navy hat a 
a cap woman bicycle pink a riding a wearing 
hat and black a woman clothes a a bike . , wearing , a riding pink scarf purple is 
and a with her pink woman rides a glasses . hat bike 
park the and wearing in riding the is is . a woman a pink bike hat 
the a <unk> the baby man white carrier in of uses his hat a . to baby face in money 
money . woman a white a hat her holding and in bags 
food . from baby and a money , woman purse her , market a juggles 
woman , a bag blue and baby grocery <unk> a her a and wearing money a white a carrying , hat <unk> , bag . 
woman <unk> whilst white wearing . hat for a carrying in baby a a shopping market is a 
surrounded concert girl other . at is a a a who by is picture people taking 
is <unk> facing men that of women group the a are and camera something in . of direction off 
group watching event people night gathered a . of at an 
of a gathered group an people event for 
. watching an are several and people gathered event 
the of is a puppy tan biting ear brown dog . black a and 
puppy neck brown a a on 's black dog chewing 
adult brown on an chewing puppy . black a dog 
legs small puppy hind on to who stairs dog bite bigger . his on is the lying stands a a 
biting dog . laying the the is dog small down brown black while is it 
. a white brown dog dog a <unk> 
dog tan the dog through white leafy grass a chases a 
. it brown walking is the white dog dog a leafy to a bite while grass about through is 
dog playing one white stick . brown one and dog a with 
dogs run . two leaves the little through 
rides bicycle beret man . a street a the in a down 
his a <unk> . man wearing rides a on trail a bicycle beret 
, old a with beard grey man riding , an bike his 
closeup . cycling a down with <unk> a man of lined road 
riding a beret a wearing man bicycle 
in a front boys three of in are posing clothing casual blue building sports 
around each . three pose boys with arms other their 
other with each three around arms boys . 
shoulders their with boys around <unk> arms three young . 
hair with two and hair boys little brown with one blond . 
<unk> in person a a . 
on beach person hang . glider in green a a a 
a small parasail . 
glider hang on beach 
<unk> and rocky landing front large on of parasail in water one boulder two the a beach sandy on a . 
at . backpacker a standing water near dusk 
the <unk> hiker of an tree-lined time water open by of near a body is day . and 
and hiker 's mountain blue sky a range against profile a . 
shore on lake of hiker a the standing a . 
with front in . in a lake standing man backpack on of with forest background a hiking is a the a 
casting a . man pole a fishing 
out a stream casting a fishing man a into line 
man fishes . a 
man standing on . stream line while of his fishing casting edge 
body water into . fishing of line someone casts a a 
with . his jacket hand chest boy his on the a camera at smiling wearing jean a 
a in boy and a . standing on writing his nose <unk> a hands store is <unk> video with 
boy is his a on hand standing . writing store with a in 
. a for store a man the a inside smiles in jacket jean camera young 
a in full denim hand writing on a with of a <unk> smiles man of and his front . <unk> jacket young 
way a downhill his . makes hiker 
a <unk> rocky man sticks . hill a descends 
on mountaintop a . is a on day man hiking a cloudy 
sky rocks along . clouds puffy of hiker front in white high with a walking blue 
is man in down the climbing a blue sweater rocks the 
a on out <unk> water boats the on 
distance on a seen canoe the as a . another canoe in lake from 
another . view on from boat a of water the boat a 
. at another of foggy the on boat lake over looking boat a a <unk> 
another for heading one a bank . foggy on canoe river 
forward step <unk> <unk> in a . holding in a dressed man near his a asking hands and on police a sidewalk walking to sign to <unk> black road for a is 
<unk> whilst walking black and in eating yellow a a red . man past 
man is a yellow and walking and eating past . a sign red 
something and is and down . eating yellow sign a red big man walking sidewalk a past a 
asking help sign walking for man . with eating a by a 
other walking on ladies the each . to talking two sidewalk 
women up are two walking bundled town . through 
day two cold street a on women crossing the 
walking down street two the . women 
one near walking , <unk> in an with women two trees . some upraised with , , one collar a hat <unk> warm 
book library reading in . a the a sits , boy 
a boy a in sits book a bookstore young a in reading . chair 
bookstore takes trip read young . time boy to the during to a his 
glasses . in is the reading boy 
the a book boy glasses sitting is with . reading and 
brown white and dog . mouth tennis holds in ball a a his 
. mouth tennis ball has in a a its dog 
mouth his . <unk> holds , a colored tennis with ball a his , eyes brightly <unk> in dog 
with a tan ball . is playing green dog the 
ball running in dog mouth tennis its with a 
people protective . a of in group gear 
looking . right to a a racing clothes the with down motorcycle wearing man 
a stands . man outside 
with a in , man dirt a wearing logo close-up bike . clothes 
mountains in person in standing bike a . riding the background with gear 
through leaves wooded a area dalmatian . dog downhill running in a 
woods a dalmatian the through . runs 
in a runs dog the . woods 
a dog runs a very area wooded through . 
the woods through running is dalmation the . 
running a his dog brown owner is . away from 
dog a . brown a with lease the person dog running is with a behind 
walking a hind . man is a its behind legs is on standing that dog 
leash legs hind stands on his . dog on a tan a 
man running on leash dog from 
pool swimming into children jumping a are resort at three a into . air the 
under are . into a water palm jumping children three tree the 
jumping . three into a pool children 
with palm . a children jumping into tree in three a pool middle the 
hotel a an jump artificial from three into pool children . island 
guy a with <unk> scarf . a woven and 
. and in scarf cap and man a black white 
. wearing and a <unk> hat smiling is a man scarf 
the right to scarf hat and wearing a looks a . person 
top <unk> <unk> the his of . man hat on a has 
fence as and backs and black of in two red a shirts <unk> climb . they the dressed plants girls on black 
outfits chain link two fence children hang on . identical a in 
climbing pants are red two link girls . wearing chain sandals and , fence , a pants black 
fence two dressed a climbing girls <unk> 
young standing link in girls two fence chain a matching outfits on . 
the on pajamas boy couch . grey in jumping a is 
in jumps boy pants couch on . a <unk> a red 
the . couch over air smiles the jumps a and in camera boy at the 
jumps the . boy couch shirtless onto a 
the jumps boy <unk> off sofa . pants the in 
edge brown a and of . is lake on the playing at the dog a ice black 
a stream . of a breaking black at is ice the dog edge 
. ice the stepping on is black a dog 
ice a frozen of black the river by bit with dog plays . a 
water on stands of dog the . of icy edge a body an 
is city <unk> to yellow the a is . by bicycle a in elderly an riding about pass woman as 
an a woman along rides city street . bicycle a elderly 
bicycle rides an the blond . older street down with a hair woman 
her . street in bicycle grey along a overcoat rides a woman a 
handle older car in bag . yellow bicycle with a <unk> woman the on riding is shopping the wearing , a background 
in red jacket and a a hat black a wearing snow a scarf man the with furry 
hat man in . a wearing a <unk> a 
fur with the wears a man in . snow a a hat <unk> 
snow in hat stands furry man in 
and . , hat man furry the , jacket snowy day a a wearing is on scarf a 
in jumping white black a is and the grass . dog 
muzzle black a . white with dog is and a running 
face mask wearing dog runs a white field a through a . and black 
is field mask face white black with on . a and its in a dog running a 
the above grass and dog leaping the is . white black muzzled 
green dog black a beside brown white and . runs a in dog a field 
dog along galloping black and with brown the are dog white the outside 
race a field . dogs through two 
the across grassy . field run dogs two 
. running the grass in fast two dogs 
a a bike a , jacket person helmet in blue wearing is bicycle riding a 
riding woman . bicycle a her is 
a woman park in a riding a bike 
a blue as . she jacket helmet woman rides with a a bike wears a 
helmet a with a a . bike riding woman 
a while near water standing small buckets beside with something muddy him in boy his someone . <unk> clothing hand in 
on a the near black of edge child buckets water . young body a of stands 
a in boy stands . near river young water a the muddy 
next buckets child <unk> edge to by in with standing a <unk> . them 
object boy of buckets holds <unk> on near . shore beside , brown water 
in and the the above rock air boy dirt water red the near . cliffs a high 
bank sized over jumps of a medium a creek child off dusty . a 
grey a a young and shirt a shorts river . yellow into jumping person wearing 
the from water bank shirt . yellow grey into logo in with shorts person jumping , 
. boy river river yellow the the from towards bank leaps shorts in 
dog . snow in a the 
a laying . in dog the snow 
a . dog lays snow on the 
snow dog the golden in plays a 
the dog in red a snow crouches . 
in a bright through pile . a a runs jacket child red of hay 
little a and the is sweater red hay in blue skirt . girl in a 
child a young straw on surface . a dances 
running at is a the through hay . pumpkin patch boy 
is through walking . straw child the 
<unk> making face <unk> and a holding kitchen boy a 
<unk> cooking wild whilst a is a pulling face his waving boy . hands in 
in one other in tan holding <unk> up a and shirt in hand pot a a and the girl knife a 
<unk> a cooking <unk> poses person <unk> in a with . dark 
. woman a knife a with and <unk> <unk> 
winter . up a girls in coats two for bundled picture pose 
girls and cellphone . a holding at two something looking on drinks 
device girls teen while . winter coats looking wearing a are electronic two at small 
screen look in . for a and women something cellphone cold at on two gloves weather dressed jackets 
huddle look to at cellphone young girls a two . 
takes . pictures a girl white in a coat 
a . a picture puffy a girl in jacket white takes 
cameras group a people their into of looking 
coat asian . white in takes woman photo 
the white hand a woman in in . holding coat the her camera is 
a kayaker waterfall falling down a 
is man waterfall . a down a kayaking 
kayak on a <unk> waterfall coming down man a a 
. on <unk> going a is a very <unk> and water some small boat person down 
<unk> spot . through goes white rough a water 
rough a a . waters paddling down man yellow in boat 
river a yellow <unk> raft in white . <unk> in a a 
yellow water white <unk> is a . quickly descending a down kayak 
current <unk> . rough <unk> riding 
yellow . of the in the middle is the rapids kayak 
in . wall dress as an a she purple a climbs rock girl smiling indoor 
dress a in a is . girl 
down camera dress a at . girl the looks purple little a wearing 
in , purple rock young dress a a . wall a climbs girl 
. a wears young girl purple dress a 
is rapids a <unk> kayaking <unk> . some down 
man is floating river down in a the kayak small a . 
is . yellow on a jacket green man in a in kayak floating a river the 
. a in green smiles kayak man his and blue 
a floats <unk> kayak down a helmet . a rapids in man some wearing river 
hole digging and deep is tail blonde ground in air its is the a the a dog in up . 
a in dog half in the a hole . ground way 
<unk> hole yard in a something dog to large . a is digging a 
is half and the his . ground under digging body of the in is dog ground a 
whose the . animal an end end rear of underground is front 
. is snowman as up a person a people walking crowd of through a dressed 
five a people the wearing cold one , in snowman <unk> head 
in picture snow a people pose for the 
by snowman a pose a red three in young tie people . 
. snowman with couples two a pose 
a down gets truck bed <unk> a . broken on towed 
vehicle in a truck a <unk> scene is a . <unk> carried <unk> by 
truck army a with an bed flat its . vehicle in lot parking on a bed 
. being away <unk> old towed jeep , an 
<unk> sits a of at night . truck on bed the dirty suv 
her around and . peach a the bracelet has girl white has girl in arm on the the shirt shirt in the 
together the . on girls grass laid the two 
two are laying little on . smiling the grass girls 
on girls holding grassy each the other ground two young 
in young grass two . the hug girls each other 
. it <unk> with to headband attached large is a a man wearing 
flower a in a and . a head man on sweatshirt cap his wears 
a and black a with striped . top on red flower cap headband white man with a wearing knit a 
cap ski . and into and white a a red the distance headband with man black looks an 
christmas a hat a wearing with <unk> black . man 
mouth a running newspaper a its . with in dog 
a a dog carrying the runs , newspaper . street down 
mouth dog a runs path his down with newspaper a paved in a . 
its mouth is tri-colored fluffy with road dog a a in down the running paper , . 
<unk> . dog shepherd newspaper in an his mouth a carrying 
through water brown dogs object are yellow , a black murky three mouth its some in . swimming with one 
water swimming three black dirty in dogs 
one three dogs and a dark ball has them . swimming of 
to their up are three dogs water . <unk> in 
. in water the swim three dogs 
jacket a a in . cake candles hooded girl with a presents 
girl cake hood . in candles a jacket a a holds birthday many with 
cake in with girl . birthday coat a a winter a 
. a girl holding cake birthday is a 
holding girl with coat cake heavy a . in young a dressed a candles 
is brown . in the water dog a walking 
dog sandy waters a takes bottom brown . a steps <unk> with calm in the 
wades the in a dog . brown water 
of in a a body water fur dog stands . with red 
colored large walking a through . is water , golden dog 
him . hiker poles the a a hillside two view of stands with with a on city hiking below 
a high on path is sticks up a standing hiker two hill on with a a that . is 
on a city hiking man a . stands cliff a overlooking 
a high above path a a city . man hikes dirt on 
with mountains holding standing on side overlooking is poles rock each ledge bushes a on . a person 
. outdoor to a a ready is on take trail <unk> hiker 
and a trail on hat trees dirt background with lone on hiker the sunglasses a hiking in with a 
a shorts man <unk> a in dry hiking . is in 
man for hike the . scenery picture a a during with stops his 
<unk> a is the a picture wearing metal for shirt in posing and the holding and man a hat desert , green . 
. stands a a man in and long overlooking with long a city pants sleeves hat 
man a city a on cliff stands a overlooking . 
is standing a by and cliff backpack . where hat with can high see <unk> a you man for a 
top town on a a rock standing hiker overlooking . of 
the stands wearing a and a backpack . a man , a ledge overlooking on hat city 
are front boy standing a in of cow a little woman a baby . and statue a tiny , , 
posing . of children large two a in a statue and small cow front woman 
small a to child in as stand gives a baby a hold . front statue woman they of cow a to 
decorated bull a woman a two near statue children . with stands 
the and next of statue cow are . to a a woman children standing 
hat a is <unk> up a high green in . man 
is portrait green a a . hat man taking a self in 
a at a scenic a hat overlook man . in 
canvas in the a green a a background <unk> hat city with man wearing 
man <unk> on green high peak a and with sunglasses up 
winter gear in man woman a . and stand 
cold three wearing adults gear . weather 
. two heavy are wearing people clothing 
winter in clothing . two people 
a two women on snowy up bundled day 
black the down wearing <unk> with hands street in . boy his walks a 
black boy dressed street snowy stands a in teenage a on . 
a boy to <unk> all jewelry wearing . on black tries <unk> teenage look with 
jacket outside is . man young wearing and hat black walking a a 
punk his look teenager with on a rock walks . face mean 
ground the face the along pushed laying is skateboard by another a on boy being . boy down 
courtyard on . in two play skateboard girls a a 
on a people two skateboard play . long 
on two small children in skateboard shirts . playing red a 
a going two a on children skateboard sidewalk young across 
. grassy field walking the in dogs 
grass large of in dog front brown in standing . dog fluffy grey a 
grass in and dog background in the hanging tan a standing with his some out dog tongue one 
pasture two of breeds dogs are standing a . in different 
dogs the . grass two in stand 
across dog black . the a bounds sand 
walking . desert across dog a the 
. barren is dog over short a walking black a landscape 
black sand dog a the across running . small 
. small walks a in sand dog the black 
snow the a a brown smiling female and pink gloves is wearing jacket in . 
the standing background the . a in snow in people woman with 
spring coat in a woman stands snow . a and purple gloves in falling young 
young clothes <unk> looks winter . while a happy woman it in 
woman stands the gloves with pink in . snow asian young 
. african runs boy a wall concrete clothing in across a 
on boy green a rock running is ledge a shirt little . with a 
an large green in african running a . along shirt is boy wall barefoot 
wall area young smooth green along dressed in wooded . near a a stone running boy , a 
green wall <unk> boy . rock on in 
a holding long canal man walking beside onto away a a railing haired . whist 
down man . waterway a path a next to a walks 
a a person rail by <unk> walks some holding . water while 
tunnel a waterway person walks ponytail a under along with long a a 
walking man with . long hair storm along a the drain is 
head lies . man with up his that parked is on a a a under and street shoulders car jacked 
. man a wet looks street under a on a car 
works on . car a man a 
<unk> lies a half a person . , under car 
underneath . car jack a a person with a 
man <unk> on head dog face 's a a . his 
sunglasses . in a man with <unk> dog a 
. is dog large with collar a who wearing sunglasses blue licking a <unk> man a 's 
a brown . chin 's with his on blue face large collar is resting man dog a a 
licking is sunglasses dog . red orange a man wearing an 
mouth a girl 's crocodile a closed holding 
a a <unk> . of over statue animal a posed girl is 
to a on sits a appears crocodile . girl be what 
on girl a top crocodile a of sitting 
sitting red with . a girl <unk> holding is its a on crocodile hair 
lifting up stands . shorts his the in ocean boy a 
blue in deep water is shorts in a standing ankle the child . 
stands , surf in boy and blue shorts , . little in a glasses coat the a 
jacket shallow in a is wearing . standing kid beach blue water and the 
child in shoreline water the wades small deep the on . ankle the 
through baby his a . looks <unk> 
a of a out baby by surrounded looks , some , toys . playpen 
wide with eyes playpen baby in 
looking camera playpen through at . bars baby 
is stomach , a at infant up , the its <unk> the . on looking camera laying in 
dog through . of runs a snow woods front the in 
large running dog in snow 
the dog . snow runs through the 
through dog snow the shepherd . running german is the 
german the white shepherd through snow the . running is 
. its on the lying in back dog a sand 
white in its dog . back brown a and sand the on rolls 
sand its to in the the back over <unk> dog . rolls 
. rolling the and in sand white dog the is brown 
the paws . is sand air white with the in on back in the its dog 
is dog water shaking off a . 
his a dog shakes head . 
a off dog shakes water 
dog water a shakes off . <unk> and gets 
water . the his body is dog shaking of off 
little music play . watch and boy girls as man a a 
. three a girls <unk> guitar a playing child man while a young watch is with playing a 
guitar a watch children three . onstage man playing 
the a an boy three <unk> adult with on little sitting girls him plays as <unk> beside . look 
girls three watch a little . band 
some foliage high up wearing a headband red climber rocks green . himself some pulling is grey a above 
climbing headband a rock a man in a . 
cliff a greenery red with a rock headband <unk> . man a over climbing 
. sheet man face climbing a rock 
a red in man headband climbing rock 
his looks another a while binoculars drink holds . a through man man 
next is <unk> a a through standing to who with gazing a man binoculars man is . 
two looks men through . are one standing binoculars together while 
two binoculars out is holding one . look as men 
. distance mountains two with other to in people standing each next the 
standing camera snowcapped to hiker . he the front a mountains in as of waves 
mountains snow the a man stands on . near the 
person poses in the a snow . 
in person of at the a raised arms , a . top <unk> stands the snow 
a skier . the in mountains 
rocks standing . some on lone the large snowy mountains in a person background with 
man rocky ground mountain of a on is front in the the . standing 
a front man an standing icy . of in mountain 
<unk> the standing . in water of is by the the mountains snow person front 
mountain <unk> of in pauses view the the . front 
landscape in his up his arms . man a snow with at a in knit jacket stand side cap and winter a 
mountains is snow his a air on . with dirt the with standing him in behind man hands and 
beach on arms . man a raises his rocky 
fist large with lone in man air the background rocky the in with mountains one 
rocks with outstretched standing arms snow-covered man on . 
jacket wearing a large . male hiker next a green to posing glacier a is 
a a camera structure him behind an with . ice and man 
a on ice man with crouching camera . a 
man snow with giant kneels of a in hill a camera front a . of 
take mountain . climber prepares to photo the a 
costume a girl in a ballet a . <unk> is fairy wand by 
young <unk> a girl . the performing 
girl is on a the up a standing pink fairy little . as dressed stage 
near tiny statue , the . a <unk> costume ballet girl a her waves dressed wand butterfly in 
waving pink . and tutu wand <unk> with young wings leotard girl waving 
hiker a posing is in of mountains . snowy front 
holding before a standing is hiker two walking sticks the in mountain . 
man mountains . front snow covered of in a stands 
. a with ski man poles a stands two near mountaintop 
in and mountain wears the of standing front man a hat . green a jacket while 
of front <unk> messy the <unk> a yard standing dog in . <unk> of <unk> is a van with brown middle in a 
dog a brown standing . muddy yard a in 
some near a van walks and . a green <unk> dogs brown 
a house of in of stands dog large a van green brown the front . yard a in 
front a in green is and to toilet dog a yellow of a standing car next . 
a it black dogs two big at gray a and while on stare stands . cat <unk> 
white and a . two grey and kitty are white looking dogs at black 
look two . dogs and a equipment kitten white at black on perched some 
dogs on and at . sitting two with tank on a who <unk> black of kitten is a top looking it white black and white 
are . at dogs and two a cat staring grey white 
the dog jumps . sidewalk a onto 
small dirt from the dog a street runs the onto 
tan a dog towards runs black white a and , sidewalk , . 
out leaps dog . 
path standing its legs on dog white brown the . beside the and is hind 
water in dogs . a two lake drink 
lake drinking out . of dogs white water are two a 
from dogs white lake two the drink . 
stream dogs out of drinking a white two 
white . around two dogs water in walk shallow 
toy air jumps . a a on boy gun little 
girl the . with ground little toy is a playing a in colorful 
in colorful a child street a . on the toy small jumps 
girl a foam two plastic toy <unk> young with playing . and 
young girl outside colorful toy a on a . plays 
with jumps a man . yellow skis his in 
in jumping over yellow barrel man ski a a . 
jumps skiing man snow a while . 
a catches the air snow . over skier 
a a skiing . area barrel over man in snowy 
the in dog . snow is a jumping 
. a a large white snowy over dog jumping in area is the air 
in dog snow jumping white a up large the 
in it a white yard dog a . plays while outside <unk> fenced 
snow . playing the white dog in 
on a is a . by an <unk> watched action <unk> taken baseball from others field 
a action a field on into player <unk> . baseball playing 
baseball on standing . player a mound the 
his mound leg a <unk> up the him pitcher on . left <unk> behind <unk> with 
in red white a game pitcher a the . thrown ball a just and has in uniform baseball 
up boy as on . being a is he trampoline the air watched in a leaps 
in without air almost on jumping upside a shirt down a . boy the is 
guy a standing is . in guy midair another watching 
watch . teenager bounces other trampoline a on children as shirtless a 
with in boy midair . kids jumping one 
is leaping . creek black dog a a into 
leaping of over running stream water is black dog a . a 
wooded off river near dog a area bank jumping a black . a 
dog into a lake black wet jumping . a 
. stream across black wet dog leaps a a 
building <unk> , boy pigeons . by marble in a background the being 
. is pigeons a boy surrounded by 
attack pigeons boy . a blonde 
all . a over pigeons <unk> boy 
boy are there on birds the 
skiing a . girl 
a slope on a . woman ski 
camera for snowy skier while a a woman the on slope . smiles 
woman ski snowy to about standing a . hill a on 
a a down while mountain blue picture skiing a for with is posing woman jacket a 
water man the woman the walking on background in and . a with sand 
the man a carrying woman . next along walks a a beach to baby 
and on woman rocky man carrying a child walking small a beach a . a 
on beach a two standing individuals . 
look . to two a on right and stand the people beach 
. a of man another picture taking is the on man a beach 
posing a . photo a rocky for beach on his man 
. picture beach at takes of man a a man another the 
. the beach with man sunglasses at man <unk> a 
rocky are a shore , two on standing while men . one the photographs other 
dog is barrier white jumps a that over . brown black a and 
clear bars dog the to high jumping a . 
a pole jumps dog . over the 
. striped course jumps dog orange posts over on 
jump performing an is the . dog in obstacle course brown a 
, cap a and man sit bags <unk> woman a a knit in with a in subway a <unk> on . 
together people in . clothing dark sit 
three on people . sitting a bench 
wearing bench and black look . a down two people on sit 
women two sitting . in purses their <unk> with their are 
a digital a take girl helping one another . is with to camera picture 
children a something of in the picture take distance two . 
two young holding together girls . a camera 
two . camera at looking girls young 
two kids same into young camera the looking 
and outside . bench children a happily sit on group a of smile 
a smile bench laugh . on and children five 
<unk> green bench five park sit in children a a on 
to photo children funny they have . the something their taken enjoy prepare as 
bench . girls laughing on boys three sitting a two are and 
enclosed rocky by in some a water ledge dog . 
standing in dog . white a a pond is 
. that river landscape a a through walking through a rocky runs dog white is 
through wilderness water a white . dog walks the shallow in 
white the pond in mountain is . wading atop dog the the 
standing an children awning under two . 
playing a <unk> kids . two game are of 
<unk> two in <unk> are playing a from table top . under game awning kids <unk> made an a 
beneath two play a . men shade game a 
in young are . two kids a hut 
drive into . deep muddy blue a jeep , water 
mud four the driving . car is a wheel through drive 
mud jeep in wheel . a high gets 
in . the its the car mud the wheels up of <unk> to tops 
. jeep a in up the is doors mud to there stuck 
wrestling a are brown . dog the dog on and black and carpet white a 
brown a . a and large white dog dog fight smaller 
its dog a smaller mouth a dog white . near opens 
white on a . plays a dog dog carpet brown with 
dogs rough two . playing 
<unk> boy being a . in water of drenched a 
. in playing boy water a 
. white a covered is in a and water in looks spray child <unk> shirt <unk> 
black shirt wearing young boy in . is a getting a soaked rain the 
in water playing children . 
hand a stone boy water stands his . with a near in 
lake is child on in a in blue . hand a shirt shore holding his something a 
water stone the a into to little boy is throw a ready . 
skips . rocks bridge a a near 
throwing is at the river little the side the boy of rocks . 
lake on . with a town white pants shirt a boy edge in and background church a stands blue in the in the a of a 
shirt a in blue by boy shore a standing lake a . 
something boy . a is a river into young throwing 
a boy rock throwing a pond large building a of . a in front young into 
river boy bank of little on . the a standing 
rock climbing in red is shirt girl a . a 
face up steep woman climbs . a a rock 
wearing woman rock giant up , a the . climbs red 
with a . expression a girl edge climbing <unk> a young cliff 
. woman in top blond climbing red rock 
. a a dog in running black in field 
a running . is area black a dog <unk> through 
black . dog a runs bank muddy a through 
<unk> running . dog ground a through 
swampy haired dog out is mostly short area running in a tongue black . its a with 
snow a person the in . takes photo a blue wearing a hat 
a . snowing a a person wearing picture its takes while hat 
. camera aiming a her a in gray the is as woman a picture to hat take snow in 
woman it a <unk> as a . takes picture 
black wearing falls lady the is a the hat taking picture . while a snow 
girls atv ride of a group . an 
an . atv <unk> are females wearing four on riding 
are sitting field atv in four a girls blue . on 
ride . sit a girls farm tractor four riding on on a 
girls a atv yard in four . an sit on 
climbing person snowy mountain up . a a 
her side mountain the snowy person . up climbing of his ski poles to or fetch a a 
climbs skier trail toward a up poles snowy his a . 
a snow covered a backpack with climber a <unk> . mountain 
slope . snow-covered a steep climbing man 
running a . a dog through is yard green 
yard though dog a . running green a 
grassy . is a area white black dog and through spotted running a 
a is . jumping white with through air the spots brown dog 
and black dog across white grass . running 
is dog vest in red grass . running a the a brown wearing 
dog a vest grass the brown a through . wearing red running is 
grass a sprints across the dog . 
a dog runs red . wearing a field cape quickly a across 
wearing an orange jacket brown the the . on dog whilst running is grass 
children bubbles <unk> smile . three in covered 
are bathing foam children in suits playing three in 
three are bubbles covered children in foam pool . a by standing 
. three boys cover little with bubbles themselves 
covered foam are three young children . in 
small in a top is a of standing water mountain . pool a dog of on 
. on shallow rocky a located dog a through treads area mountainside of water a 
water drinks dog mountain a . a white on 
. drinks water dog on a mountainside white a 
water in a standing dog high white . a in pool of mountains the 
stuck in jeep mud the is dirty a . 
jeep in muddy <unk> a . with goes making dirty woods the it trails 
muddy through the driving jeep . forest a 
the muddy a . truck in woods 
pine is the through trees by mud driving surrounded vehicle . 
green dog a a on . hillside 
the a side dog a mountain of on . standing 
stands on side a of grassy a . dog the cliff 
white , down dog a steep . looks <unk> fluffy grassy a 
grassy white . a on standing a dog is hillside 
water . in ride few in a front of the a city boats skyline 
harbor the through boat drives . a large 
large backdrop white city <unk> . a boat is a near 
in , harbor city small background in . <unk> 
background the is city the boat there white bay in a in with a . 
ball game during catch . to a soccer goalie a tries a 
a of soccer on field . group guys a playing 
as the <unk> the . the ball <unk> goal footballers for are around goal reaches 
3 try to post trying men to , in four at in goal it green while <unk> . blue soccer score men a 
for <unk> . the goal two at and reaches the ball soccer the teams goalie 
group a a rope swimmers of holding are to beach the on at 
rope the five swimsuits to ocean women near in hold . a on identical 
hold a in six the . girls ocean rope 
line camera facing swimmers away from in a 
on by of they ocean the sitting edge the are the pool . 
a is canoe of the front a in . dog sitting brown 
in boat on brown blanket lies a dog . a 
a headed into at front boat lies a the dog of fog . the 
dog on a of a . boat the small a blanket at lying end 
at <unk> a . of flowered is blanket an the on orange a boat dog front laying white 
the a leaps grass through dog black <unk> . brown freshly and 
runs a . grass dog the through 
the a . shepherd through grass bounds 
brown dog grass . black running on and 
in grass , and the with running mouth . dog tan hanging tongue out , brown open 
a a green . towards driving car mountain is 
neighborhood <unk> a in the green street beautiful nice . 
base town lies small mountains . a of <unk> at the 
mountain . in green town and a a back the 
the mountain <unk> <unk> a seen at town <unk> <unk> . a <unk> with of is 
brown are dogs two running . the snow through 
two across dogs snowy large . yard a run brown 
dogs running the . two brown snow through 
dogs . snowy race a across two field 
two . field snowy run through dogs a 
in background with dog shore the . a on a boat brown running 
dog brown water runs a the . near 
a grass the boat dog beside running the on a is on river . 
by through large runs is . a in large the the sailing water grass orange background where boat a dog the 
water the is in . the next grass dog the to running 
with toward runs ears floppy dog a . camera the blond 
grass a runs dog the through blonde . 
. is toward the a camera dog running 
is a straw dog direction through turning . haired low grass golden 
towards field dog . the camera a the in runs 
a with standing blowing is girl outdoors . her everywhere hair 
wind in blow . the hair her a girl <unk> 
wind a by girls is the <unk> . hair brown 
her up the blowing a the woman . long shown shoulders is wind in young from hair smiling with 
hair brown girl air in . with smiling blowing 
wearing <unk> woman <unk> <unk> a . headdress a 
. large piece glasses woman wearing head , a earrings on , a and her hooded hoop 
wears woman headdress <unk> a an . 
her a wears . glasses woman 
in woman wearing is glasses black . the a headdress 
green . on foreground the brown beige is with dog a a , a in his laying side carpet object on 
green is laying a with it white a on back . brown ball dog carpet a its on on 
several rolling on carpet brown dog on is a . nearby green back a its toys with 
dog a on a back bed . dog its lies on 
on a laying its near the dog green is back . ball 
through several . feet deep a puddle driving a is <unk> mud 
water an brown car in the way half . is dusty old 
partially in submerged jeep old an water 
of dirty water body car in 
. is dirty caught in vehicle <unk> the a 
. <unk> a shirt out girl a wet 
girl in green wearing hands her something . <unk> a 
rag girl outfit . little out an in orange a <unk> a green 
young outside girl a plays . 
the is of outfit little orange girl green material the . piece playing with in a 
a a slope and cow rocky dog . are a on 
on hillside cow . dog are standing a a and a 
setting mountain at looks <unk> . dog cow in a a white a 
its horns a dog a the dog down and stands cow <unk> has . white front in that at head of 
dogs two are . in a grassy area 
pool swims in black boy outdoor an in past a green boy in a . shorts shorts 
. a swim day two sunny boys on 
children two . green water swimming in 
boys outdoor young an two . swim play in fountain and 
water boys green young of a in . swimming two pool 
. black a a train woman on in sitting 
woman he on across three subway . a seats legs train a is stretching 
the with a subway her in car woman seats <unk> on a . feet 
and women subway in orange car with . seats winter two ride yellow in a clothes 
a . on city sit women train two 
group a . with red people ring large of a are playing 
. gather throw and a people pink field hoop a of on group the grass 
yard a people . of a large a disc group in toss 
kids . frisbee play <unk> 
the a red playing ring out field . men in with 
swimsuit slides plastic of in a . stretch a wet a boy along 
slides a past water as a down another boy . slide boy runs 
. on black sliding a tarp a in shorts man is 
black in sliding water covered black . boy trees shorts background with in green the on with surface 
surface plastic wet a on boy sliding 
top a cake girl table eats a a halter wearing . at 
girl her little plate up holds a . 
at is wooden girl <unk> little a eating table and cake . a 
eats and . sits at girl a table a young 
girl little eating the . is outdoors 
a white red and older an hat jacket with blue a hair bright . man 
old an man hat red and . raincoat a black wearing 
white an man hat hair red a in old with 
red distance and looking hat winter person is the is into . jacket a a 
person and wears red a with gray hat hair snow it . watches a 
dock sits sailboat blue and a white a by . 
a park people few dock boat a at their . 
from men . atop seattle washington stand three boat a 
off people boat of three on camera the . dock looking are something a at standing 
is docked three . that stand people on boat a 
. and a of carrying white black wood <unk> piece a a long in dog 
black carrying a long a dog stick coat is . and very plaid in a white 
a and plaid . a dog outfit black leash a white is on wearing 
a white . black a and on small a wearing carrying leash dog shirt stick a large 
dog small . big very a with a limb plays 
. catching frisbee a a dog 
his a frisbee makes leap black and green in catch dog a a mouth . <unk> to 
green a . dog black and frisbee leaping a catches 
a dog white green catching toy a . airborne is whilst 
soft dog small jumps a catch . disc sideways to 
. is cigarette woman gray a a in smoking 
bag is cigarette a a with black smoking woman a 
red lady in a jeans with and holding . hair cigarette sweater grey 
redheaded her the purse her mouth . while a in cigarette putting holds woman 
purse . is a black a woman the smoking cigarette holding 
sitting disk . a in red in red on a snow a jacket child the 
snow-covered a . a slides red hill small down on child sled a disc 
in a red sits . a on child the snow disc 
is wearing a sitting a in . a red sled child outside the helmet on snow 
a <unk> small hill a down snowy a child helmet blue wearing 
another looking while , a people on the themselves down rock rock against two , are standing up holding 
make through way . their terrain three rocky people 
three rock participate in climbing people . 
front onto rock into while deep a . a them <unk> female hikers two in looking hang down of 
on a some are standing woman shorts rock two large . and formations red people wearing in backpacks 
giant . rock group walking a between is formations two 
hikers hike a group . of 
hikers red up <unk> walking . path 
are walking some stream hikers an interesting rock between . a runs past formation that 
stream . hike <unk> and young by a some adults 
has . on baby eats a food and face his 
from with lips boy fruit messy eating a 
is eating a <unk> little his something . over and all mouth boy it 
child a with small its over . all <unk> mouth 
pouring brown boy with his red . <unk> eyed <unk> on is a lips young 
walking a backpacker arms of mountain is front . in with a crossed 
a hiker in red mountain . walking a along path a cap 
a walking with snow-covered is backpack a hiker a the background with . in mountain 
huge backpack a a red hiking with hat a person . going in 
she woman a as terrain mountainous in . herself hikes holds 
in . a dog snowbank front of sits brown a alone 
. next a a brown dog outside to large snowbank sits 
a . snow in dog and ice sitting 
down sitting path the . on dog is brown a snowy 
the dog sits a <unk> . by 
boy . <unk> holds a a large 
an a <unk> holds boy 
is an dressed a warmly <unk> boy pretending gun a . 
sculpture gun a ice pretending young play boy an with to 
<unk> an gun pretending a holding is boy it . 
. sled a in a riding child blue in snow poses the orange 
. child a a plastic on sled 
sleds a . child 
on playing in the in little boy blue snow is . and a an a orange sled goggles coat 
of blue out . young a face on with snow sled a gets his child 
jacket unhappy in . orange appears an boy a 
coat wearing orange boy a . <unk> an at the camera 
and an the wears snow a . a orange <unk> boy in <unk> <unk> jacket helmet 
the a helmet snow orange and child in in . jacket playing 
helmet boy the and jacket the red is wearing <unk> 
boy water a . slide a pool a near into dives 
on dives adults swim into boy a a while trunks two look blue in . pool swimming 
a in pool a swimming kid . playing 
a . suit above blue through bathing pool the wearing flies air a a young boy swimming 
boy pool into watch diving the couple the the is as . 
a boy public . into <unk> jumps a pool 
a pool boy . a jumps <unk> watch while into 
pool boy young a jumping into a . 
no a . boy " says jumping into young a pool diving " that 
is boy swimming . the jumping into the pool 
. in figure on while brown laying a sofa santa a holds hat a santa a baby 
and figure a hat santa red outfit claus a a baby playing . santa wearing a with 
wears a . baby santa a hat 
baby baby . holding santa in outfit a santa 
<unk> a baby santa holding . is the 
snow st and brown in running the <unk> a beautiful white 
. st the a lunges snow <unk> through 
through st . large wearing red the collar dog snow <unk> galloping 
field the <unk> dog snowy running . in st 
white through running . snow and is the brown dog the large 
helping young . child man a a <unk> 
<unk> is helping . her a mom son to 
dark a adult skate together on . helping child rink an a ice 
an . ice shirt child with a small an with a ice skating red skating adult rink on 
ice who is child to adult is an skate up . trying a holding 
smiling in girl standing a the plants by is <unk> phone front on . of beautiful girl another 
. she smile on walks face shorts as sweatshirt a white and has wearing a along jean her big girl a 
phone a walking a <unk> and smiling girl girl . with a 
. another girl a with past cellphone a walks teenage 
woman on talking on young the walks a young leaning wall phone by and another woman a . 
wearing dog . each and brown with and black collars playing are other a a 
black sidewalk brown a a dog dog on a biting 
with dog dog red collar black the brown is biting the . a 
each with black other dogs , , one and brown . playing one two 
, the brown , black white playing are a and two other , on one dogs sidewalk . 
front a in christmas boy of a . light holds saber a tree 
during boy a looks new christmas toy at a 
christmas a saber a boy for . light <unk> 
, sword , . playing by boy green tree with toy <unk> indoors christmas 
tree light of wrapping saber <unk> floor christmas front boy . a paper the in with a young holding 
on beach on the man riding a bicycle a . 
a bike white and man a sky under blue a . rides 
bike a the the beach man his by on riding . ocean 
in with many . sky bike the a visible a beach <unk> an trails on riding adult 
the beside . person ocean rides bicycle sand a his the in 
into boy lake young a . a jumping 
boy still young a jumping a lake into 
. boy jumps into of off plank lake a a young a 
. is boy the lake jumping into a 
blue jumping the shirt boy water the is in young into the . 
girl a next pool walks a to . 
a a . and a pink young pool in runs bathing around girl suit blue 
pool . to a running girl next 
blue runs bathing pool the a girl past the suit in . 
two front piece the in the . the is aqua girl in of aqua pool swimsuit 
. black snow winter inflated a sled boy a of an by clothes mound sits on in 
tube down snow the a rides a . in child 
float snow the kid a . in on the is 
is . high snow sitting on blow-up the float in person there a plastic <unk> a 
<unk> an slides up person down the hill . the , for this , on bundled snow 
beach walking from a away a . bathing blue on water suit girl in the is the 
bathing beach suit . blue in a girl the walks a across 
two in suit a . the a at piece beach bathing girl blue 
. a young her and suit ocean girl is is the bathing behind wearing a 
wearing bikini . a swimsuit a girl young blue 
child a the with in snow background a . house the in 
a outside boy snow . is throwing little around 
boy covers ground . a and 's snow jacket young the 
. the stripe boy is snow with the hat on the his yellow little in 
boy a this throwing snowball . is 
. a with face coat crowd makes wearing him a man a a behind black hat and 
a a <unk> . man wears jacket 
black <unk> man covered an <unk> wearing in is elderly jacket . a 
with glasses wearing racing older jacket man . a hat and car 
the covered black <unk> racing in wearing is man . a car with black the white baseball haired cap jacket 
a . a sled ride girl a and a hill standing up down woman 
. sled dog and a a running woman their wearing at a hill both a snow girl , and blue , knit jackets slide down on caps , a side younger 
snowy . a a a while hill sled a riding woman young and standing down girl 
riding woman a a downhill alongside a sled and dog girl with running them on 
two people riding sled hill a snowy a on down . 
, carries leaves black orange on a ball walking in ground the . an covered dog 
is an in leaves in with fall a black orange dog . mouth its walking toy 
runs autumn on day with orange an lab puppy . a ball an black 
ball dead camera dog orange with . leaves black across approaches 
orange . through brown the black ball walks with an leaves dog 
girl colors <unk> . with a 
pictures little girl . is coloring a of book in carefully coloring the a 
from young colors book of a a girl <unk> coloring many colors . in container with a a 
. coloring indoors pictures little girl 
to the using <unk> is colored <unk> little girl a . coloring book 
blond a in girl a shirt brown up black with pen a her nose 
little sticking . girl a nose her of out has a pen 
looking nose with . camera a stuck girl pen her a up the at young is 
with eyes hanging from has girl a nose wide marker . her the the 
girl pen her young black with a sitting nose . in 
all a . baby food over its mouth with 
. with baby his face on little boy a food 
its has the bib wearing <unk> a mouth food baby an a around , baby . adult 
in the is an wearing sitting ' bib baby adult and a 
camera staring there a is with baby <unk> the . at lips 
in midair . above dog grass a jumping 
up . jumps a grassy a field dog a catch in ball tennis to 
ball jumping attempt is . golden an a catch a in to dog 
air dog in 
. air is dog the grass the in above the 
lawn is a ball playing white a on with and black . dog a 
white ball a black as and a . is head jumps dog over his up thrown 
jumping and in by up small air white ball <unk> dog looking 
to attempting garden is the in and a black dog white the ball . catch 
something the dog to jumps up being waiting thrown catch . 
a a a . man pond over down holds boy upside 
boy of man young a over a . down puddle a holds water upside 
a holding him , a little down plays . upside man with boy 
his standing boy arms holding rocks in upside man down . on 
a man in yard holding down boy . glasses <unk> with upside outside 
window through a looking boys . three young 
two and . <unk> a behind kids a window wave woman from 
window in are two . looking adult an a through the back kids with 
boys the outside two on smiling little and their a . of mom window 
striped . watches shirt a two shirt pink behind are , from in one young wearing an while children adult in the , a window looking through red 
in snow are dogs two the fluffy . white 
white white . walking two dogs snow through are deep 
two white snowy walk a dogs in setting 
walking two snow in white the . dogs 
dogs through a . bank huge two of walk snow mountain white 
playing white a snow black together and in the dog 
. jumping head on of poodle snow the in walking while a white poodle black a the 
a dog a path in black over white . jumping snowy dog 
in dogs the two playing . snow 
two running through poodles are snow the . 
. a into a dog jumping black off dock is the water 
water the black jumping into a dog 
. dog a jumps off black pier a a into lake 
leaps a dock and . a into off the water dog 
the the water black . and dog into leaps off the dock 
water wading through towards is child . a the beach 
to while behind many the him ocean small african . a <unk> play others boy leaves 
ocean . black child the in a playing small 
. the wades in boy a young ocean 
a walks the water along in young . boy a shore <unk> 
boy , boat . a blue green wooden out black life water on the wearing a is vest and looking towards a 
life a a blue wearing green boat a jacket holding side the onto boy . of is 
a sea of to side small . <unk> a open child holds the on the green , , on watercraft 
boat looking out of little life a side boy a in vest is . a the 
a boy . green a young in boat riding 
grass in child a standing in of shirt a white a . field 
in a small is an field playing open . boy 
playing a on dress is plain shirt white . a in boy a grassy young 
boy in in shirt a white young a a field 
in and t-shirt is a walking a a boy grassy jeans field . young wearing 
white <unk> and fluffy each two dog a sheep other . white 
<unk> . two a small white sheep dog 
a . fence white is sheep a sniffing through dog a 
sniffing a dog a sheep fence white . through 
through a fluffy . sheep fence dog white kissing 
which , <unk> <unk> woman a a of wall hand a behind . on a <unk> is 
hand <unk> . the picture a a of of 
a window is on of woman near sitting it picture to at . painted a a that a has huge desk hand a 
woman 's <unk> <unk> <unk> a waiting at sitting is a a table . to 
a table in at sitting the woman background a 
lake the sits <unk> <unk> two a with boat . on 
in men a misty lake boat two on a a silhouette of 
fishing men a in two on a boat <unk> enjoy river a morning . 
two in . on in <unk> a people river misty a are canoe 
with people the a a in boat . lake small two <unk> background trees foggy on in 
are sunshade to beach of standing near a a group people white a on . 
suits the on a people looking bathing at beach are . <unk> distance in a in 
shore . others are two a watching on beach men 
the on men . two <unk> in beach 
at looking at ocean men . the resort tropical two a stand 
a a grass near . walking girl hat pink jacket in red and 
girl a red pink a . wearing path and a gravel walks hat down coat 
little dirt walking in a pink down a is a girl coat road 
is a a . pink little jacket walking in girl 
gravel wooded path in a area young in down jacket girl . walking pink a a a 
dog to the in run its buried legs with . trying is snow black a 
markings dog ; . a stands tan to <unk> black right deep with an the there in snow is 
snow plays dog . the in a 
snow lies in dog . 
the is the <unk> snow dog to deep trying . 
a snowboarding jumping hill of man is snow a and . off 
jacket person the is in black . evening a a snowboarding during 
a snow through person snowboarding pile . of of silhouette a a 
. flying background a sky snow snowboarder the off a colorful a with in <unk> 
on is . snowboard the parka the in person a 
track three the running a snowy dogs are . down 
. snow with three across dogs it are tire in track running a 
along low <unk> field dogs are snow from cut turning a leading three . a direction 
. in run the snow dogs three 
snow three dogs tire tracks on running . in 
next her to rides older pony and while stand a . adult child an a child 
little and on with girl . beside pony girl woman is a riding a standing a the pony a 
on sitting girl woman pony brown another a girl a stand next and young to . young 
. children pony with the turns riding <unk> the an take adult <unk> 
are around its two rider and <unk> horse . people a 
man the lake is the in boat in the shore a sitting with on . a background 
body of of water the large is man <unk> that on the sits a . boat shore in a a back of 
lake sitting a in of on a canoe . shore a the man 
a in man rowboat a sitting 
. a sitting canoe <unk> a in by lake man 
a a a girl spider-man toy costume riding in horse 
a and on on open mouth spider-man while hair . up is arms toy girl and holding with red a horse her suit a sitting her 
riding redheaded girl spider-man play wears little horse suit while a a a . 
in girl a young a outfit horse toy spider-man . rides a 
. <unk> young spider-man a riding wearing girl is a horse redheaded a costume 
boy a girl bouncing and ball a on a 
the black tights are while . children wearing hopping 
two black green children balls . bounce in on dressed and a in bouncy red garage 
two kids are colorful bouncing . on balls 
balls . bouncing children two young on 
mountains background bike a in atop the . a with sits <unk> 
wearing and helmet a a uniform motorbike on . stands red man his 
motocross a bike being over rocks ridden . is 
about <unk> a motocross biker to 
<unk> summit . the has the motorcyclist 
child . bathroom using is the a 
sitting little his is pulled on with pants toilet down boy . a blue a 
his toilet hands little boy on his head a resting with . on sitting a 
toilet a a little boy . using blue 
a sitting on a blue boy toilet . young 
vest man him is behind neon a yellow while man a leaning a wearing is another and over roof standing . 
a as in a on <unk> worker looks blue another man works 
one worker construction . watching a worker in <unk> shirt construction red another with a something <unk> 
two on top a . roof working workers construction 
vests . something yellow in two to <unk> try workers 
. water at the of rocks edge stands the a near the man 
. in rocky a a shirtless on standing is shore man a hat pink 
man shirtless shore pink a a rocky on a stands . hat in 
a a with on man a hat backpack a and rocky is shirtless standing . shoreline 
and a man standing the shorts the the hat beside in bay is . in ocean 
a dog road a . for on a toy leaps 
a a frisbee . play with dog man a and 
frisbee of holding a a rural reach white dog on person just a of out road a 
a person with road a jumping dog a it white for on holding . frisbee 
dog in man up the the get . 's frisbee to the hand jumps 
running are the dogs white two grass on . 
two . through grass the running dogs white are 
dogs a running in field white two 
running two white the grass through dogs 
. with grass white tails running <unk> dogs green two in 
racing dogs 
a muzzles group running a dogs . of race wearing 
black muzzled jump white dogs over a . and racing four 
four over . jumping masks running dogs their mouth with white are and 
red over jump muzzles dogs white a wall four with . 
the rally spectators of a pulls the the watching away car track . side from blue from 
sides the while road a . both on people being on trail is driven of look car a on 
watch a . <unk> car race while onlookers 
watch fans . through a dirt racing course car a while goes 
onlookers with riding path blue race on dirt . car 
a in black in dressed wearing glasses and hat a man wall front a of . red 
. stands man a red front in hat in a wall black of a 
a wearing man and smiling black a all . hat black is 
, with jacket against orange man , . glasses and jewelry wall a hat a stands an a 
wearing is a glasses black a a man there indoors suit with hat jacket and . 
with pulls him boy another . rope whilst leaning boy a is around a on chair a 
arm a balances with one . chair on child a 
. indoor an game children the play 
. is on chair rope while touching one boys a are clothing blue two in boy a pulling brown 
boys while of tug left to playing out on war chair two reaches one 
the a snowy running ground dog . across brown is 
runs outside . a dog 
running a dog in snow . <unk> the 
pitbull a running in snow the 
the dog is running the snow brown through 
girl boy pool . a while into a a watches does a <unk> 
of jumping boy a off . board watches while diving a a girl 
pool girl into a a watches . while boy a jumps 
from a on diving a board a girl . a a boy while swimming in in looks in pool mask jumps 
board a jumping a kid a off is there . diving pool into 
cow a of tail a dog biting . the 
the a chasing an tail animals . grass on dog 
a tail the leaps the animal . larger larger animal behind one a small face animal , 's smaller 's <unk> 
a . brown cow a large dog after small chases 
the bull is and white tan in animal brown <unk> a face a . being by 
a toy while blue in is holding clothes boy kneeling dark a . 
boy playing in toys bedroom a with . a 
a in with an his rocket bedroom . air plays boy <unk> 
background in blue plays a boy . with house in the the a some toys with chair 
young wearing blue with boy a a . a playing outfit rocket 
. winter plays in clothes baby a outside 
small while . a wearing smiles child winter the in standing snow clothes 
waves . smiling his in building boy <unk> clothes outside a in hands winter a the snow 
. cold outside young a child dressed is weather for 
child . wearing in outside the warm the is clothing winter 
dogs path mouth rope two in walking to a are a . on , blue <unk> tied object with red its one a 
area . in grassy play two with dogs a and a toy blue red 
red on dogs string blue . with <unk> toy two playing 
dogs two in . a plastic red toy tall the play grass with 
through walking dogs nature . two 
in three . are children fountain playing the a 
a children at three park are . playing sprinkler 
children park three in play water a . 
an <unk> kids of in three fountains stand . water 
shallow and three a path people are in water near . spraying fountains wading stone 
wearing a yellow out a shirt boy a onto bucket . 's red girl dumps of head a water 
. play in the a together water little and little a boy girl 
a park . water a young young in bucket on pouring water a a boy swimsuit a girl at 
's girl bucket water head is . a boy over pouring of a the 
play with two children in water a . young fountain 
innertube . a an a snowy slides down in hill boy 
colored boy yellow a blue . , green , on <unk> snow and a tube 
<unk> child down snowy . while mountain the laughs a 
an black innertube coming small a . down hill orange on child coat an white in , snowy and a 
hill racing on small a an down child innertube a snowy 
ball . a bounding after dog white a are brown two dogs and 
is a a middle in dirty chasing of . ball dirt tennis of brown a the line over dog dogs 
dog brown two dogs one a there . white chasing and are ball 
brown . dirt tennis two after a the one dogs jumping ball and through dog white 
white playing a and . ball dog dogs brown are with two a 
a another is in little background the field grassy a , in girl girl . dances 
a pants a white girl on in the blue grass <unk> frolics little and . 
on girl a grass little dances <unk> the . in blue 
a child the girl standing small another on grass in one in , the with leg background . 
playing yard are children in . there a small two 
<unk> are facing silver forward two cheerleaders . way cheerleaders other whilst facing performing other , waving are the asian 
two cheerleaders <unk> . asian holding silver are out 
girls for sporting asian two event cheerleading a 
wearing hold doing <unk> <unk> brown <unk> in two dressed with a <unk> black while <unk> . others light girls 
cheering a shirt . girl khaki with a black young wearing two tie cheerleaders 
a white in through . man boat a is fog rowing 
boat lake in a man on the his 
on boat is water a riding in a man . the 
. in water foggy a man alone sits on rowboat a 
a in on man small . a white boat lake 
a the . holds in his a red man picture for bike jacket 
in by a a a is a man . city bicycle and <unk> red street in jacket standing 
. the man on standing street bicycle a his by 
the bicycle beside man street . his a on standing 
jacket next and . is red standing a to a man bicycle wearing the 
on a structure <unk> a is of . top brown dog 
dog is a beside slope a him down while . man a brown running follows 
an course lab a on dog over . brown a obstacle runs 
. dog runs ramp brown down 
doing dog a stunt colored a man is , outdoors watches dark large the . climbing , while 
black of bull a front brown . a dog in large white and runs 
fence play the a a inside and cow dog . together 
a small white . at growling a cow and dog large black brown 
cow area running . and fenced dog in 
is . the dog around running cow the 
top people on few standing of pictures a a mountain . taking 
a mountain a of <unk> of people edge the large over rocky group 
on . look people a top several ground down mountain at of the 
light are the . tan mountain in color 
. a people sitting three on cliff 
in a lake . a child 
kid water a . into is of little a body starring 
a with is necklace a . girl swimming small 
child a wet in water deep chest . stands ocean 
is the a necklace and water child in . on has the 
. dogs participating a race in 
at five racing night . dogs 
for on is are a track , and first a run eight racing making greyhound number 
dogs the . around the racetrack dirt ran 
racing nearby along the buildings a with dirt greyhound . are dogs path 
a . is clear in diving scuba person water blue very 
underwater wearing person is . swimming gear a scuba water 
diver water a in <unk> deep blue . swims 
a wearing scuba diver . underwater <unk> while swims 
floats at <unk> the looking the the underwater of . sea diver scuba 
lake a paddle a man a . in on boat 
is lake a a rowing a canoe . man on 
a rowing still . on boat is very through his man water 
canoeing with pads a old <unk> man . green 
on river boat cap brown paddling the in is man . calm a the 
basketball and a of . court group a boy on watching a people standing 
in other . in a the boy people a foreground looking out court over standing 
a where a other <unk> . stands boy children overlooking play 
a his a boy in . <unk> above , from courtyard play looking watches 
boy . above game boys a the structure and a little watching standing is a other play 
dog about is a . brown to jump 
a through the grass . dog runs 
grass through running a field brown dog a of little 
long through tan a dog . <unk> setting grass in running 
a the <unk> , large grassy dog is . area running through 
the water in and swimming . splashing is brown dog a 
through dog swimming water a the 
water dog the a swims . in aqua 
some tan in dog a swimming water 
into splashing brown water dog the . 
, uniforms school pigeons and a , of in move flock through children adults . 
flock a of a through pigeons running of . uniforms in children pair 
uniforms children chase pigeons . in 
. chase pigeons some <unk> 
street birds school brick children two . chasing paved in uniforms on a 
. a a pasta girl <unk> of eats plate 
a <unk> in . chair a is girl high <unk> little eating 
eating a face her baby little a while on chair and girl makes in mess her hand . 
chair high . and mess while eats sits in girl food a a young red a making 
eating red . <unk> jacket the girl a wearing is 
computer dog appears a a be to operating brown . 
paws a dog brown resting a on is laptop its . <unk> 
computer a laptop a sits dog paws its with on . 
. on dog up paws has looking its is and <unk> laptop with a a 's red bandanna a 
is computer bandanna the red paws with a with dog on . brown the sitting its up 
a . a the on end of a lake person crouches dock at 
a pier squatting end near lake of a at . the is person a 
a . end of squatting with the dock red person backpack at a a 
down overlooking pier <unk> of a at single a a person lake the edge 
<unk> lake into , dock a a i on squatting looking . 
their bags shopping them behind with city . a street two ladies that with in hands crowd a have 
holding a wearing in handbag a from bag hat sunglasses and woman a another holding woman smiles away a shopping . 
people the on . <unk> of walk <unk> are standing 
women walking older shopping street busy down two the with bags 
a leather are . two city women on dressed in standing street 
sunset during in child playing . a beach sand a the 
a the . playing low the a sand horizon child of in on sun with the beach 
a sunset person . on beside the at the beach ocean 
kid a a beach the foreground with image in the . at of sunset 
sunset someone still a a across lake paddles boat . at small 
on helmet the wearing is pavement red a a cyclist riding . 
helmet while a on a street the . a girl is red bike wearing riding 
helmet riding person a on a bike , down a a red . wearing street 
a red ride in helmet a . and blue a as shade the wears for woman goes bike she shirt 
down person blue bike and red in shirt the helmet riding road 
black brown on front laying <unk> in plushie breaking grey tv of and a dog a showing . a 
animal in background a a on room . with in stuffed the a a dog laying living television 
small animal a grinding against . stuffed dog a 
a of dog stuffed front a a on in laying tv animal small 
on breaking background indoors . shows , dog animals <unk> climbing stuffed tv 
's arms baby . a cries a woman in 
baby in crying <unk> holding an baby it the . is shirt while a adult a red 
at a woman face a red to begins <unk> as it makes a wearing . baby 
in his cries a . <unk> arms baby little 
to a looks like a <unk> about 's . onto holding baby is he that woman 
laying on who is his boy a at person of desk . sitting lap is the the head a 
boy somebody a leaning looking a the seat booth on under table against . 
while 's <unk> . child at a adult booth an leans table a lap underneath a on 
a a looking under table boy . lying down little 
laying young older table a an boy lap from in person view 's under a . a of 
a red a chases dog . ball 
small runs a catch ball to a . dog 
from the of in a red dog chases building way . yard a across a while barn the ball a 
catching is ball in white a brown . and its a mouth red dog 
little chases dog at farm ball 
mud through black the dog black a . runs 
dark a person muddy following , a beach him a dog running yellow in brown on pants . 
dog shore muddy a a dirt runs down . 
a running it . the mud , person and a jumping behind dog in with walking 
as yellow a on pants back runs . a man walks wet sand in dog <unk> 
of , camera <unk> a blue a at his shirt boy front raises , long the in in a red wall 
wall a standing , red boy . signs stripes shirt near with brick blue a <unk> with in a 
of <unk> african an blue american space . stands the building a front in boy in 
orange the backwards in looks shirt boy the . 
is . the a to the wall next in blue red shirt boy 
the <unk> through dog a a woods near . runs 
white it near with a . little orange <unk> a in woods the dog running 
. in building it by with running from trees woods away dog surrounded orange the white 
dog on . white house grass is the small a running the near 
from the running orange dog . colored white house away 
is from a . hay black leaping a dog <unk> bale 
dog jumps hay . over black rolled a 
black jumping a hay bales dog with on white . is paws 
hay from with jumping black of paws dog . a white a bale 
to dog hay . jumps hay black ball from ball 
snow through the . near mountains the are walking skiiers 
. trail moving along a skiiers 
some at a skiers resort . 
skiers front . of are the in <unk> the 
in . two the mountains ski people 
a . in a race while onlookers runs boy watch 
a past runs a people balloons group boy with race a of in . 
by runs standing boy family is while . a another 
and to to people run look boy starts . the a a of group side 
a running boy . is a young race 
shot resort . ski to a a of a next mountain 
ski a resort 
slope people skiing down . a 
area with trees large background ski at mountain . people snowy the in a the and pine several a 
snow mountain are the skiers buildings on range to below the near resort the . 
water a two . the nearby while swim of dog a sandy body black running ducks of shoreline along 
dog along black a water the running 
a birds and . two dog 
dog of pond geese a two a . swimming shore runs elegant with the along 
two running beside in shore geese dog on water 
in towards bridge swim <unk> <unk> . <unk> water people at shallow 4 that a 
. of children in are in a a playing the with foot bridge boy water swimming background and 
. in in kids playing water of bridge wooden the front a 
lake two in children playing a 
river in a two wooden playing near a children . bridge 
a man tugging dog shirt striped in . a something away from a 
. a man dog playing small with a 
from toy man dog tries small a a . get away to a 
with man toy little a plays . a with plush dog an 
is man . shaggy the dog the little with playing 
. girl a three holds dogs while something <unk> 
stands field <unk> surrounded dogs three woman by . a gray a in 
are dogs . a and the in woman three field 
brown up wearing are jumping the woman at three . dogs blue 
three dogs woman jump a . at grey 
pushes rock motorcycle a dirt watches a rider . biker his up while another 
red rock watches . while a a another up red man in a struggles on dirt in bike man 
motocross red . rock his bike pushes up man in a a 
to bike small his on with dirt man as is attempts a . man another a boulder climb looking 
rides a man through another while ground on <unk> rocky man bike a looks 
. on track a dogs race 
racing . at racetrack the dogs 
. dogs racing in dirt 
8 number horse is racing 
behind shirt white is shirt and <unk> black dog has with blue a a a the . dog on on 
park grassy area a a running in a boy . through 
field a runs a with boy red . across shoes 
little blue t-shirt a the and runs on in shorts grass . boy 
young boy a on running field a 
little gray . at in a blue shirt running boy shorts and park 
of water in a people bunch swimming . 
the of a group ocean . in children 
water <unk> in lake group of swim a 
. are playing in the and many children water swimming 
. several body water a people swim of in 
lady . and swinging smiling is a 
swing swinging a on a person 
on kid a swinging swing 
swing on person 
girl this on is swing having fun so much ! the 
sled slope on a boy covered his down . flying a snow is 
snow . watches another person boy falling in a the 
a crashes another . into snowboarder 
in background the another boy down falling into a with young the boy snow 
a play sled with . two in the children snow 
a whilst bicycle a bandanna man wearing his riding is finger a pointing bearded . 
man finger and points street bicycles his down the a 
holds with the riding a while man street object down bike an his his . hand 
sign a long gives peace . man the a bicycle with riding hair 
and black sign down in street peace shirt <unk> riding cap blue man bike 
a wetsuit a beach crowded on a boy in 
a wearing beach boy on . wetsuit a crowded a is 
crowded on . a stands wearing wetsuit a a boy black beach 
at wetsuit . the a beach a boy wears 
the hat beach at child a wearing 
playing a children some on of group nude a . bridge mostly over water 
. one <unk> , boys around of a a young naked bridge group play , 
wooden over children climbing on bridge a and . standing water 
under , water old toddler them bridge a the one people an wooden on walking others while bridge play , over of the is 
. wood there are children bridge a on playing naked 
group river a people of are a crossing 
though group stream of are steep rocky people a between a wading cliffs . 
wading in people a river . 
<unk> people river several a are in deep a . in wading 
wading several the in of the <unk> water people a bottom . at 
woman <unk> in front waterfall an wading of . wet a is 
a in waterfall in a water t-shirt front and shallow of shorts dressed a . walking in woman 
pool . in woman waterfall a a front a through of wading 
lady the the . through is water walking 
waterfall a woman . large wet walking water near through 
boy boy from a football another takes . a 
two boy on . the football in a is leaning kids a holding over a and red other sweatshirt ground 
in grass football . are several playing boys the 
grass three boys in the play . football 
kids after playing are three resting football 
a the held are air arms their into with jumping group of people . high 
a people . of throwing a desert one group a ball in , jumping 
air in <unk> . one middle a people jumped have group a into ball of is the catching and of six the 
six ball . throwing are , in them jumping a air one people the of 
ball . six for jump people 
sand boy the girl and . play in the little beach a on 
and young in the boy play girl together . a sand 
a and castle boy sand girl make 
the two castle a on <unk> beach sand children . 
a kids castle two sand building 
a person with dog is mountains the . <unk> a in 
skis person . dog their with a 
a dog a , . brown with woman cross-country skiing 
a with snowy with brown skiing running a mountain woman her on a a <unk> dog down 
dog . brown pulls skier the snow-covered a ground across 
boys at a soccer . and game adults 
playing while field soccer children watch a parents . on 
kids in a are . photographed two soccer field playing 
kids are two game soccer in a running . 
a young during running field game around soccer a boys . are 
two net volleyball watch as woman beach others is a a climbing . on a 
climbs volleyball beach at net girl 
. net people up hanging a volleyball 
net at volleyball put up people the beach a . 
is the . the in brown onto pole a girl blue shirt hanging 
while together ride bicycle on . two the girls the <unk> 
, on two bicycle . girls a at art wall <unk> looking 
wall as woman two a ride . painting on they a pass a together bicycle 
on <unk> a looking on bike two wall red a at two painting women 
bicycle . two a <unk> wall by riding painting go women a 
and outside building and a guard a glass smiling . business talking are security a man 
. and a laugh a together guard man 
are photographer man officer the . a police smiling a and at 
talk each police to a other man and . officer a 
a officer smile an . and a the man suit camera in for 
. <unk> along dogs brown two rural setting frozen in a ground 
two in play the out snow . covered dogs grass 
dogs through two a run desert . <unk> 
in desert running a snowy two <unk> . golden slightly 
two field . <unk> in golden <unk> a snow running 
<unk> wearing . ties stand bus two in of the front the sound " " men of 
a , in blue two one front stand . , a wearing <unk> bus silver of suits in men 
men . of bus suits in in <unk> is , front a one a standing two wearing 
together men the off bus . step two 
of in older men two front a . bus 
a bow aiming and at a boy <unk> target a . is 
at a hay attached a is firing . boy to a a gun barrel <unk> 
bow on at hay <unk> bale and with <unk> a a target of boy . a his taking 
aims <unk> young bow a target . at a <unk> his 
hay bow on toward aiming <unk> wearing . and target a bale jeans boy 
a building to hat man a a a next along black walks wearing road . 
man in shirt alone cobblestone an long down a . is walking street a black older sleeved 
walks road the . down man a <unk> old 
of front person walking . a in a building 
a man the building near walking . brown is 
woman him arm the . of sweater baby boy holding <unk> on the a 
a a arms with green him bib baby around in . 
baby chair . a high in a 
chair sitting between 's arms a person a . high in his baby is 
arm holding is someone 's the . baby 
a . of plays a man bagpipes end set another the grabs while of man 
is into man electronic whilst a another playing the with an man <unk> . bagpipes <unk> <unk> blowing 
a plays bagpipe . instrument the checks another on a man while 
are wearing men two black . hats carrying and bagpipes 
, men bagpipe one . the one bagpipe two and a adjusting playing 
splash waves ocean the a of shallow the the dog around . while standing part in 
standing water in a the . dog 
dog <unk> shallow . a wading water in 
water large the the brown is dog walking through ocean in . 
in choppy water the . stands large brown the dog 
scooter a indoors a riding . child 
scooter a plays on girl a red . 
little playing a house her on girl in scooter . 
on the girl a red scooter is 
girl scooter riding her is the little red . 
amusement an off helping at man girl a ride young a is . a park 
's fair young child a a . man hand holding at a is 
on fair a a man taking child at a . ride a 
park . amusement an 
holds he 's along girl the man hand shorts the in leads . as the fence her 
man a climbing a cliff face . 
a cliff man sheer a . face climbs 
. a wall steep man rock climbs using a ropes safety 
side to a rock clings of man face a the . 
is harness no rock with man <unk> climbing . a 
a . for a is large reaching climber in rock face the <unk> 
man is and face blue up white in rock climbing a a sheer a shorts t-shirt 
climb his a to help . reaches man rock high him during 
a man rock climbing 
a white cliff man shirt a a climbing with the side . of 
an obstacle brown dog . a course through is running 
a jumps brown . dog obstacle over an 
obstacle an course . dog runs a through 
hurdles over a small jumping . dog 
is yard brown a in dog low a jumping grassy . the rail over 
another snow girl as down a looks on . the falling in 
girl . hill , shirt snow a purple sliding , in covered a down in a snowy 
snow-covered . motion ground a girl in on 
girl a sliding is snowbank down young a . 
young plays wearing in . the girl snow and no coat a gloves 
a off a snowboard ramp man . a jumps on 
in . high snowboarder the air a 
the snowboard . air snowboarder on a through jumps their 
, snowy mountains flies of off background . snowboarder jump in 
snowboarder tall middle in the of is jump a the very 
and with in brown its a mouth jumping white dog . , up stick is a 
dog a stick , holding . brown a 
green stick holding with in a its . brown dog collar a mouth 
green a a dog the fetches in a leaves dead stick . collar from 
biting . white with is and brown the dog a green a stick collar 
the in blue other front kids of jacket crowd pink girl of a a bottle a in holding a . 
front while girl of jacket watch a <unk> a in stands crowd a in blue . they something 
girl holding crowd purple with jacket in <unk> blue 
in <unk> in teen with <unk> background crowd girl out 
water a bottle holding <unk> is purple girl coat blue . in the the 
green hanging out on running mouth open dog and tongue its with . grass a 
grass . runs a dog across the 
runs across field the grassy a dog . 
dog a , black runs white a and , in field brown . 
is the running its white with open . dog grass mouth a across 
on ocean is the <unk> <unk> in front cart blue pulling . and a with a <unk> wheels is man of 
<unk> pulling wheels man on around a <unk> . some 
front of ocean person walks blue <unk> in <unk> the . with <unk> a an 
street cart in pulling a the . man 
a sandals hat cart behind the pulling in is . him the man and 
ground ball a soccer with dog white . a and on snowy brown plays 
. football a is with dog the a in playing snow 
with dog ball in snow brown playing large soccer 
<unk> up . snow the returns in the ball soccer the pitbull 
this soccer in . a brown his pitbull carrying is mouth ball 
a red . a beads closeup girl teenage of wearing 
girl . red with a smiles a and sweatshirt <unk> beads 
wearing a beads some red teenager grey a . around and is hooded her top neck 
stands hair . young a smiling light earrings with and beaded wearing , a <unk> <unk> sweatshirt woman a red brown 
gray with woman red , marked beads <unk> blond . young sweatshirt 
through a the boy grass . runs 
is uniform a white grass running a child and over sports in . green 
a little in uniform green . is boy a grass running on soccer the 
little strip the is on grass soccer . a boy a running green wearing 
a the grass white soccer running wearing . boy green and through uniform 
is colored to book chair brightly . boy a sitting guitar next a a playing 's a child on 
is guitar sitting playing checked whilst on red a chair a a toddler . 
sitting sitting to in chair a a a him and guitar young next colorful in his hands with . is a book child 
on the young a playing child chair guitar 
a playing of <unk> . chair setting with a in picture a boy him colored young <unk> three beside guitar barefoot large 
surfer a female 
. in woman <unk> a <unk> fish a a wetsuit attention in of 
woman in the surfing wetsuit in ocean a a . in 
. in the woman a is a ocean wetsuit wearing young 
surfer . wearing body picking while a board her up black the suit is 
two . in children near woods pond a the 
. in looking two them a of standing lake at are children the near front wheelbarrow 
near a kids clothing play in <unk> . two winter 
forest look kids the into two 
two stand red wheelbarrow a near . people 
to flying disc catch . dog about a black a 
that dog red catch attempting thrown a is object is black . a to 
is red black . frisbee after chasing a a dog 
to . fast running a a white dog and black catch is red frisbee 
chasing orange an . frisbee dog black 
girl <unk> dress pink . a on in dancing a , grass 
. a through the grass walks in toddler pink a dress 
costume a dress young a dressed in <unk> girl 
a up . young <unk> dressed costume in girl outside a 
on a young standing dress wearing . is girl the the grass pink 
buildings . to man a along dressed snow brick is street covered in next denim a red walking 
next a brick street to down in blue a a snowy walks . man building 
and the ice is nearby there <unk> by . stands a on building snow ground man a 
jean wearing man next <unk> . jeans brick to a building a jacket pair of red a a walking 
of clear to walking man next path on building snow 
. in jumps couch living to a boy couch a fancy from room 
yellow shirt and green little a shorts a the couch on boy jumping in . 
from couch young another to . leaps a one boy 
. from boy young a to a yellow shirt wearing jumping is chair couch 
. the jumps onto boy brown couch a yellow young shirt wearing 
stands of crowd white wearing gloves lady in a middle . the a 
woman upward lifts and <unk> her her <unk> hand a white face 
wearing the glove white over crowd a . woman peers a 
with . glove and others a woman white a several 
with white a woman gloves hair brown . wearing 
a . earring marx <unk> girl blond glasses 
. pink girl mask wears a in funny a nose 
whilst smiling girl fake and glasses a is nose a wearing little . 
glasses girl smiling with wearing top large blonde with pink while funny nose . 
. little wearing blond <unk> glasses girl 
is <unk> red an adult in a by child . 
an is wearing in , adult being a in red along black <unk> pushed by . child 
a in is <unk> . the adult of <unk> child act an 
coat skating with red help gets ice child in . 
skates ice a . child helping is on older person 
jumping red sand is jacket a a the boy in in 
their arms a red wearing a . and child shirt raising is 
a child plays the . on dirt 
jumps a field small child high above . sandy a 
background hill forward . , in in sand boy on red jumping 
a riding down a path helmet mountain bicyclist long wearing white a 
a bike . a a riding man down hill 
a a a . person on wooded hill coming bike off down 
bicycle through woman a a . forest is riding a 
in riding hill wooded bicycle dirt area down person 
in a picture pajamas a takes with little camera girl a 
to . little camera <unk> pink tries a girl pajamas a in 
while a watches little a . girl <unk> picture in takes mom 
in a hands . camera clothing pink girl her in small holding 
sweater being with woman the whilst camera pink playing by couch girl the is in the the on a watched 
playing violin park . in <unk> boy the is man an old a a little watching 
watches as boy young playing a at park a old man violin a . an 
watched playing . old man being an a the by is violin child 
the . little violin old boy park an watching man play in 
to park listens playing the the at gentleman the violin . young boy elderly 
at couple . in a table a busy a restaurant <unk> sits 
. a lunch a in a at couple for mall sits table 
sit woman restaurant at in man a and a table . a 
sit restaurant fast a food table a a . woman and man inside at 
him man speaks the face as a . from woman black the wearing makes across 
man table a . and a talk elderly lady <unk> over a 
restaurant a at other sit and across each from a table . man woman 
in older restaurant an . woman a young a and man sitting together 
with man sunny at crowded area older seated woman in , . , table 
table a the in the court food . and are sitting woman man at a 
. the puppy across beige a walks floor 
. towards puppy camera <unk> the small a 
puppy is tiled on a a white floor running . 
puppy the running on floor 
across tile the dog . floor white ran the 
riding red up wearing helmet a jumps a man a . skateboard while 
a man young on red jacket a . wearing a performs jump red skateboard a 
. is on stunt a helmeted the skateboard doing a boy 
a park skateboarding man at . young the skate is 
park on is a a performing man . a skateboard trick in young 
a . igloo stands inside boy <unk> a 
boy winter clothing wearing igloo in a an 
hiding <unk> <unk> a in . snow a 
has that in of built standing . from in a a boots is <unk> in man hat ice pair the a doorway a house 
<unk> large child inside snow . of 
climbing her a is is rock while someone girl a . <unk> 
as a up her is a mom is over 's casting rock rock little shadow girl . the climbing 
rock large . small a child a climbs her shadow casting picture takes a while someone 
climbing girl is rock young . a 
the rock girl the rock the shadow climbs black . young long the casts a image while on 
tongue the a . cheek who on her kissing wide girl sticking a boy is is next to woman out eyed a and 
faces and children are a two with mother posing . funny 
a with kissing child one two the the cheek adult making face kids an 's , . other adult and 
out boy and kissing tongue woman sticking girl her 
kiss . mother two acting and the with a boys giving goofy her one , other 
field black running dog a . across is a 
black field a him be is running another behind in a can of dog dog black seen grass and . 
dogs running are the two . the grass through black 
together . two black the grass are in dogs running 
dogs run two through a field . black 
swimming a . a with water red mouth labrador through is golden in its toy 
a holding dog mouth a orange swimming while . his white toy in 
water white red the while holding a object its in swims in a dog . mouth 
red toy white through . with a dog swims a water the 
a water in the something mouth his red in swimming with dog yellow 
bathing a girl suit a paddle carries a . in 
girl a a . wooden little stick holds 
holding tool young and lips a girl . her a is <unk> <unk> 
long top black holding red . the a stick girl and wooden in little the is 
the a little is stick holding . girl up 
pink living another from to in girl well a . in <unk> jumping a room a couch one shirt 
is jumping little . girl <unk> from couch a the a pink in 
. shirt in a girl little air the in her a pink house has into jumped 
air girl a jumps . sofa to little the through on land the 
jumps girl couch . to couch from 
. a picture group for of a pose boys 
on boys a of pose . a street crowded a for group picture 
the for middle posing eastern group of a picture kids young 
faces camera children to . smiling the making and 
five the . boys smile picture for 
. crawls floor clean <unk> on hardwood a in a baby 
a small floor . the boy crawls wearing pajamas across 
is all a child on inside . <unk> young 
floor . camouflage crawls boy on in 
in floor <unk> crawling on brown boy little 
dressed woman posing a on shirt and in <unk> holding infant . an skateboard a a 
a small beach skateboard a a woman holds at baby the on 
beach at the infant a over small holds skateboard woman a a . 
coat <unk> that runway the a on brown a a . on on a a baby in woman wooden is beach skateboard 
skateboard a placing on baby the a woman beach . a on 
. in is a lady orange running 
. glasses is and jogging a orange in jacket an orange woman 
glasses . and woman in jacket orange is jogging red a a 
sunglasses woman in jogs orange a . 
people a headband black in red background the on with running a . a in three other woman with street 
a haired equipment a blue dark gold piece boy play . inside shirt of plastic in a is 
jersey playing a in <unk> boy yellow little a in . a 
. boy plastic in a blue plays tunnel toy small a 
baby a crawling inside . toy 
plastic boy climbing of . shirt is tunnel yellow in playground a out little 
on out hill snowy . walks their a kid arms a with 
. little a boy snow the plays in 
a balancing . top toddler of snow in a jacket on is red 
a on snowy child balances . orange wearing young a ledge 
walks the boy and through . snow little orange black in the 
into the a . tiger <unk> dog water steps with 
the large . water in stands dog a 
in a a sized animal medium lake 
camera . at shoulder in water dog over looking , 
in water . <unk> dog still standing 
has derby woman tattoo white of a a back pulling wearing . a roller a indian a bow helmet 
american wearing pink woman her a has a . tattoo shoulder helmet native of a on a crash 
a tattoo . has lady the 
tattoo a indian . person helmeted has arm an lady this their of on 
american with and native crash tattoo . red her arm helmet woman on 
grass a are group in and dogs large orange white . of the 
dogs stick with play 
dogs . outside play sticks four together with 
dogs four sticks with each other and play with . 
are with the . outside a stick playing dogs 
dog near . in and jumping field black brown a a midair 
a snow black the dog in . frolics 
a running black . dog 
jumping black dog . a 
leaps black . <unk> pile runs he dog of beach as the the a 
the bald bar a at by is beer standing pumps man . headed the 
christmas the . at bunch <unk> ceiling of beer bar a pull lights on with a 
. a a man bar in 
of picture on a the beer . five a bar a people <unk> with closeup at 
christmas ceiling tree hang the . lights on 
brown is at standing and . a outdoors night black dog 
is a . standing the black of dog night in dark outside 
<unk> night at doberman a 
night at . dog black yard in the 
the on the . dog at standing night is grass black 
hair coverings and . a man wearing is face protective 
clear a . face man and a cap plastic wears mask 
by brick wall his a man mouth a net around hair wears a . a and mask 
a with man his young his over black mouth and <unk> jacket wearing a . a hair 
head hair on and wearing young net man face 
head on door man a and is his . the a outside floor on chin sitting his 
man black yellow against . wearing a all wall sits a 
a man hat leans a wearing building on a dark . the against and sits blue ground 
the , to of black next door coat , pants sitting with building a man hat . and 
black door the . beside the sitting is floor hat green in the the man on 
hugging and . a dog gray white cat black a 
a a . next toy a black cat to with white duck puppy playing 
black wrestles white dog a a with eyes has . cat blue who 
cat floor dog wooden on a . a are a and playing 
a husky black <unk> . and cat a 
shirt a the in rock sits a boy river on red a edge of on a . 
stream child a . rock a in on a 
a middle of body in water a on girl of rock the sitting a 
in . sits on shirt child red water a a wearing rock the 
a the water of . one in a middle sitting on body boy of rock 
staircase . a begins to a near plants climb brick dog 
. stairs surrounded stone a climbing dog plants by 
climbs steps a dog plants near . 
dog some runs a outdoor steps up . 
near a small stairs concrete up many plants going dog . 
black a a dog . and boy red chases blue wearing 
frisbee dog plays and with boy a a . a 
frisbee a in . mouth its with a boy a dog in a field chasing 
. dog shirted frisbee run in boy the and a with black grass green a red a 
dog running with a mouth in small . boy of frisbee a in the is front its black 
in with mouth the beach his yellow dog ball a brown . a on 
a in runs dog in mouth . its ball a tennis water the with 
yellow the carrying dog a tan at ball runs beach a . 
in beach ball its . dog a carries yellow the on a mouth 
the mouth yellow walks its the ball beach a with in tennis on . dog 
a yellow dog while . ball sand gets catch a ready standing to in the 
trying dog tennis a ball to catch . a 
dog a watches beach . a tennis on the ball 
and is in the the dog at air looking is . on tennis beach the gold a ball 
to dog a catch golden a ball tries 
an of <unk> kids and a man front two . in standing building 
people poses . man for shirt picture in pass stone by a other whilst red a building a <unk> a beside 
front structure a with man shirt in a old . standing <unk> in red an of is two 
a <unk> . a location man outside poses 
to sleeveless a two standing a sunglasses wearing shirt children and . man next 
dogs big two ocean in the wade 
. dogs wading two are river in a 
water two dogs in the play . 
dogs wade water the . two in 
dogs body a of walk in two . water 
the dogs in two watching a water . man 
pier two looks at dogs shallow man water a . in on standing 
a running dock man . water dogs the two from while the are in watches 
from dock water on dogs man two looks . as in a a 
from a wade dock a through while two . shallow dogs watches man water 
brown through running . a <unk> and is dog uncut white field an has that 
dog running grass white a and a field brown in of . 
a . <unk> grass white dog and on runs brown 
. the a dog field in running is 
the is dog running the grass in . 
clown a whistle blowing a . 
a blowing a face white his painted with whistle . man is 
blowing clothes in a . person and a whistle makeup white 
a teen paint , white watches hat . and wears and , whistle face <unk> yellow blows a ear teenager while another a 
face . painted man with a blowing white whistle a 
<unk> stand people few of counter an . the a around 
<unk> a in line of . restaurant a stand in bar men group 
. people standing a a of in group bar 
. red wearing shirt restaurant waiting in a at is man a line 
is shirt man restaurant this the waiting at a is red . 
black field in a brown running a and dog 
grassy brown and black across a dog a running field 
a dog through . grass the jogs 
happily a field . dog walks a through black and tan 
large brown dog . green walking grass through is the the 
down girl a man a . the walking street little and 
a walking the and hold down street girl man hands . 
man girl a and sign walk a little next about . to <unk> 
is black down while girl man 's a street holding jacket hand a a the city little in walking 
holding . little the jacket the in yellow man pass black a sign 's the is as they girl hand 
a outside . in uniform boy a hockey red plays 
ice wearing two and are hockey boys the skates equipment . 
a on hockey are playing pond two frozen children 
on hockey . play ice young children two 
young sticks the . ice two across holding hockey skate children 
ocean the leads stone to a is along a wall man . surfboard a that carrying 
ocean green in rock a surfboard the man carrying along swim wall a to trunks . 
. as around the walking <unk> surfers them along a ocean <unk> 
two of others the end carry . the a the <unk> water to walkway their in boards to surfers 
along surfers a two waves the . rock to walk wall reach 
in man . a a his camera face <unk> tropical to holding a 
of a a man a person . photo takes blue in taking him photo of the 
camera . taking a a with a man silver picture 
a a blue shirt camera with . man in 
camera is holding a outdoors man . the , 
on their a in the of rock front cave . climbers equipment are 
over safety . cliff people a hang from two ropes giant 
two over . on a hanging rope a cliff people 
lower people . cave themselves a ropes long with two into 
into a two hole people . down <unk> 
steps . pole by man standing a of front women two and a in wood 
together students . front stairway three a of in standing 
three the setting . young towards school camera adults a look in 
smiling all a man two and are wearing and black jackets . women 
women man the a for and camera two . smile 
outdoors in a down on . lying pole jeans a man 
in another jeans watches a <unk> man while . 
fishing pole a while a lays ramp holds another on wood a . man 
fishing background a man blue on some jeans shirt with in . in lying the and boards man 
. on on a outside some man rocks laying platform 
a a standing coat smoking . woman a next to woman in print animal 
are two standing one is . of smoking women and them 
outside one women smoking is and two 
women outside blue a two one , cigarette young door a standing . smoking 
, <unk> a building woman . is outside one stand smoking and 
dog frolics . black in white and the snow a 
the black white a and climbing dog is snow stairs in . 
the dog in . white snow a black and walks 
brown . snowy and white dog is steps up a walking 
walks a snow rocks by on dog covered 
hair while dress purple in <unk> in . with a a woman plays a waiting her 
look her dress rubs woman a in people . as a on head purple other 
people . bar a at gathered are 
hand people at the towards purple through is dress door in the running woman . her the the hair her looking with 
bar woman <unk> by a at on at woman looks another man being 
adult pool baby by in swimming an a held a . up 
small open with baby mouth water green diaper being in the in . a held his a 
swim pool a <unk> . child is a young to in being 
the 's an by water . baby up arms in being held adult 
by in . of held water baby out of person hands , shot 
from of pick them a child a pile a up to . <unk> large watermelon 
. from little a pile a watermelon up a picking girl 
. a it over a flowers bends dress in small yellow of near large dressed pile with girl on watermelons a 
small among . many girl stands watermelons a large 
in watermelons by young a dress girl a surrounded flowery 
on . steps children bunch asian a of 
near asian a steps . on children stand large of sit group or 
group . of in sitting on steps uniforms children blue 
the in children uniforms little steps on school . congregate 
school the stairs on sitting in many uniform are same dressed children . 
shirt high baby with in a airplane . his an a chair on sits 
a his boy . in sits seat 
a outfit beige boy in a little . 
a down . sitting is toddler 
in shirt stroller , beads airplane toddler . with large wearing boy 
a two men . on bald small traffic yellow wearing cones park bench 
take party break . birthday two <unk> at a the 
. cone hats men a bench two wooden on wearing sit 
head a with . is wearing to one and hit get about two to cones ball caution yellow the men hats as 
on . two bench hats sit a with men strange 
brown fire on the ends with dog . pole is jumping over a a 
with over dog end flames brown jumps a . on hurdle each 
brown each has a jumping that end over dog hurdle fire light on . a 
jumping is dog is hurdle ends fire on a tan a on the that over 
is flaming yellow . jumping over hurdle a a dog 
jumps hoops . brown through a three dog 
. people is by held through hoops a jumping dog 
a a black through <unk> . dog jumps 
is . hoops men jumping held size being a dog by medium are through which 
dog runs hoops next . multiple it his through to a as trainer jumps 
. in a dog jumping near the <unk> is a girl brown air 
brown with a a girl stands dog . outside 
next brown dog a . on hind woman a standing to large legs his 
jumping large a girl a wearing is pink at up . jacket the dog 
front woman hind in its standing standing is legs a of that 's dog on a . 
outside children stretch . 
. two balancing foot hands hold one on their their boys while in feet 
two boys . clothes in stretching running 
boys two the standing holding . ankle one of leg crossed 
young hand two their in man leg one holding 
its a white its sits nose chair fingers a baby black . and puts in up and 
on up and face a nose <unk> food two . its fingers its with baby 
its its . fingers a baby up nose with 
up fingers , two baby <unk> its covered chocolate with nose in a 
nose her a up purple a shirt and baby face with food on her young both fingers in 
of dogs leaving a in group a greyhound race the gate 
on track . a race greyhounds 
the dogs . around track many race 
their ready are to are the all dogs wearing . muzzles race and 
. greyhounds from starting broken the gate have the racing 
in beautiful the with sunset a . on lake boat a people three 
<unk> 3 enjoying small view boat are the as people the on a 
sun calm . people reflecting in three a canoe lake are with yellow a on the 
is middle on the people a the three sun in boat of the while water in . the back are 
three water sunset . the people in boat on at float a 
man steep among mountains a . and snowy 
mountainside steep someone frozen a down , . hikes 
in it grass is on mountain there and . has the ice the background a 
steep a man snowy climbing the . is mountain up 
high mountain the is a on . during sunset person 
group field run dry . dogs a down of a 
behind dogs a in a four . barn field run 
toward background another . in four tennis run dogs ball while the a stands 
dogs through grass the <unk> running colored several 
playing . tennis are yard the in with ball dogs a the 
a jacket a and a wall of stands jeans black . man brick front in in 
backpack a the man jeans stands on wearing a and sidewalk . 
in backpack with man of wall stands a brick . brown a front 
a with of brick wall man standing glasses backpack front in and red a a 
in the the black man is . jacket waiting 
. in desert two walking are a people 
are . through the two people sand walking 
a along jacket , black with area with <unk> two a and a are blue one , people walking . headscarf one 
in two the walking along huge statue . a distance a people desert with 
walk two the sand . desert out onto people 
young in green a gym in a running a girl shirt is . 
shirt young playing in . a girl basketball green a 
a court inside children . run 
moves the young player . front basketball into court the 
green two along team court . the shirts running wearing players 
on golden bridge by man the . a gate foggy a day surfs 
a a under red a wave bridge . surfer rides 
surfer in foggy bridge <unk> by a a 
. surfer a under bridge a 
on day the . a surfing man gate under foggy golden bridge 
red child winter . is in on purple sled a gear a 
child sled red a a sledding is on 
a a <unk> . in hill a snowy red girl sled coat on down purple a 
slope sled sliding a is . girl a a red snow down in young 
girl rides . sled wearing red purple snow jacket a 
red curly the a a haired water grey raft with inflatable girl paddle into dragging a . is 
water pulling a the headscarf to in a boat yellow girl . a is 
water pulls into an the boat a inflatable woman . 
the into woman her a . water pulls raft 
with an an boat it pulling oar inflatable . in someone is 
his a side a at <unk> black two carries blue big while ball . dog run 
a a . a , corgi and and brown corgi ball , doberman a grass the white play white black and brown on with blue black 
whom ball three . of a has one , blue dogs 
blue on in grass , one ball its . dogs with three mouth a 
playing . blue three dogs ball with a 
a other of red from at uniform a side a looks fence child in the guard 
guard little a hut little outside black <unk> stand watching is a boy a . 
boy a standing a front . at fence in guard little of black <unk> over a shed the 
at little building is guard military . and a stands a looks kid the who guarding 
boy a <unk> british a young and watches stands . 
a snow and on dog black are brown fighting . 
playing snow . white in the dogs are two 
snow in dogs . two the playing 
two the snow play dogs in 
dogs large in play the snow . two together 
in blue at a blonde is lady . a a jacket guy staring 
a dog . hat to with stands lady a a next man 
. wearing girl day headphones the man next to a walks on a <unk> 
. and snow hat man wearing are like in woman with a looks a a dog outside that the a glasses 
headphones . woman man a outside snow <unk> with the front is a in in and of a hat 
is girl shoveling little a snow . 
stands van <unk> all holding him a blue small a a dressed mini with snow for in red covered winter child . behind 
child orange shoveling small shovel an snow a . with is 
snowy . toddler bright a a a with orange shovels driveway shovel 
shovels snow . young a child 
a day of view beautiful a mountains snowy on the . 
snowy peak a . 
a mountain walking people up . snowy 
the clouds have . brown the snow there and them in are on sky mountains 
the mountain at up . the <unk> climbers camp set 
on chew dog attempting to red a . a ball 
red a ball . dog with a 
with red german shepherd is playing . ball a a 
a is ball shepherd . playing red german a with 
large german red dog <unk> <unk> ball a a 
standing front a is blonde little a fountain . girl of water in 
a girl of fountain a fenced in blond front in standing large young 
girl standing front fountain a young of in a 
standing in a . white in fountain young a dress front of fence a and 
white in is large dress in standing girl . a the park fountain the little of front 
a . dog mouth a his running in with toy 
in its with a mouth dog a . toy yellow 
yellow a toy leaves yard dog a a holding covered his . through in yellow running mouth while in 
with duck dog its rubber trotting a mouth in 
his has the . <unk> dog toy 
is in black and playing . a in and are long its one water mouth brown stick the a and dog black the a brown carrying 
runs a stick there a another . the through dog while with water stands dog 
one a a stick . running carrying wet are through area dogs and two is long , grassy 
. in a <unk> fight two stick over field dogs a 
dogs field two <unk> a with a in playing stick . 
their around walking a of group school children in uniforms outside 
class going are school children japanese to 
down . the walk school street girls japanese 
the people . on along walk street 
together the on are street . walking uniformed <unk> 
at up theater . to <unk> four people <unk> the lining are 
outside of . people standing outdoor ticket booth four an 
outside wait in line ticket four . a for people 
man them behind and . the woman window the the to around at man are woman and turned 
booth two two standing women the window men ticket and a . of at 
four bicyclists . dirt road <unk> a two ride along between wire 
cyclists four passing on country trail an . by are a <unk> <unk> 
desert bicyclists . four riding through the are the 
bikers three land across dry bike the . 
cyclists three near ride . mountain 
man sits a hat near boxes . in outside a cardboard some 
on the plays his . a guitar street man 
and a a guitar sits street a the on box . man plays in 
. cardboard an a plays and to man <unk> sits instrument next boxes 
older cardboard on street an the a . <unk> behind musician box 
laugh on a a object others jumps child in . red while red 
. a a , behind touching red plastic him with object child a crowd 
something a girl a on laughs in . crowd climbs and 
near outside . many fun large buildings having children 
red jacket smiling and is crowd . a <unk> her there a red a her hand in behind on girl with a 
on clothing dyed a striped talking . red wearing girl with cellphone a hair 
with the . is a talking phone read on dreadlocks girl 
cellphone talking a with and shirt a a girl red striped white black haired on 
phone on woman talks with red and hair . a bright a clothing striped 
a woman a shirt the and black phone hair . with red talking on striped 
in of on head stands between holding green island man . two easter a statues the a camera 
between . stands <unk> a on man to field large a 
face . structures two on a man island easter by stands 
two between look a . that like giant person statues stands faces 
. to statues next stands island the person a easter 
for people young crowd winter of in , train the . waiting clothing a 
station looking are . <unk> several their crowded people a at in 
three wait for people train the japanese . 
are asian transportation cellphones people station . three on all <unk> an in their 
jackets , three in people their looking holding at <unk> bags . 
with filled a dog in <unk> snow creek with blond a . walks 
an up makes the . <unk> sides a dog on icy snow with stream way up his blonde 
a walks tan between snow dog down stream a <unk> of . 
through dog river between . <unk> brown walks 
the cold water dog through walks . the 
dog a catching . midair a soccer white ball 
to grassy white a ball . yard catch dog jumps soccer a up <unk> in 
jumping catch a the . a air lab ball yellow soccer to up into 
in . and jumps ball large black to white dog white the a air catch soccer 
a ball dog the leaping . soccer air in white for 
looks in on swing yellow adults and little while . a <unk> a winter dog black ball jackets hats at 
group <unk> a dog a of and . people snow 
in <unk> playing . people group snow a the with of 
in <unk> a . of the the in <unk> group with standing people a with dog snow 
<unk> is of are . group a on people the dog group , covered snow a holding there ground with , standing some 
a on . basketball court children play 
play boys young . four basketball 
basketball on playing court a are game a basketball children several . 
basketball . boys play three indoors small 
. basketball small boys three playing 
red . and going mountain a green of vehicles <unk> a up 
large green and a line near gravel red pine trees rocks on <unk> . and a dune of road 
line riding road trail along a of vehicles . a off 
a vehicles trail mountain of long on off-road line a 
off-road a are road gravel down driving several . vehicles 
water dog a a and running beach shallow on a man . across 
the walk frozen man his ice a on of and . a dog pond 
the dressed dog . clothes a beach on a man is in <unk> winter 
a is towards towards in on man that is turn a . jacket in a running brown dog bay him running a sandy 
. jacket <unk> man a up a and dog the a of in towards running dressed him 
wait a street . woman a a to and cross man 
another on talks . a and wheelchair man rides man cellphone his a 
the . who his man crosses street , a is woman on near cellphone a 
phone and a street tracksuit in man woman a coat talking in on cross . a a a the 
a scooter red road tries the cross before . woman a a to on man 
her as a face <unk> white a baseball jacket woman cap observes she man in and elderly in an scratches . blue young 
an elderly a woman at boy teenage looking is 
face a . woman her scratching 
jacket lady . big a a her there , are with and a blue wearing on people boy , two finger a ring 
a red ring the and wearing at a in clothing . boy clothing blue woman is in looking 
boy in sand red a . is jumping pit playground a in 
red a jumping into . <unk> boy in a 
playground at a sand . the in backward onto red boy a jumps 
young a at leaping red playground . sand into in a boy 
young the bright red a into . playground wearing sand jumping a a outfit at boy 
the boy on <unk> jumps bright a colored . 
on has yellow a a boy cushion resting and couch blue on is jumping that . it little a 
young jumps a the spiderman boy on blue his brown in outfit gray . and couch 
child a jumping couch young onto a . 
and boy orange blue under with blue . pajamas a a on and jumping little pillow him wearing gray furniture 
. a spotted over a a dog dog brown dog toy <unk> and 
a dogs red two frisbee outside over fighting . are 
red frisbee over two . that are is dogs fighting in bent half a 
a with play two dogs . frisbee 
. younger biting playfully a two frisbee dogs 
plays in the a . dog snow 
the , looks up from snow . wearing a , a coat dog 
grey a and . dog white the in small a standing snow jacket in 
a white standing . in in coat the a dog is black snow 
black a in wearing stands . snow the the dog white jacket 
in haired a from drinks man plastic his dark <unk> a . a green liquid mug 
<unk> a mug . a image a of green in man liquid drinking a 
large man in tent an a <unk> beer drinks an shirt from mug in a . 
<unk> a drink a . man 
single mug liquid drinking a man green a of 
a . person snowing reading is a magazine on sidewalk a 
is a a road wearing sidewalk person a and jeans the brown dirty reading on by coat . with covered and smoking snow 
snow a a newspaper covered on reads on street woman . 
woman of smokes a in a snowy and road . the a looks magazine cigarette middle a at 
to standing the a a a road during woman is smoking day next cigarette . <unk> 
stands mountain rocky a a on boy . 
on a . a child rock formation 
a rock . a on formation child sitting 
a rock . <unk> boy little a top of big on 
. jacket top person of in on a a red rocks 
black a icy sidewalk on walks dressed man in an 
a sidewalk icy walks . the man on 
<unk> traffic intersection a town in a sidewalk with of view a a . 
man sidewalk in an his . the walking on icy toward city car 
man black sidewalk in snow walking there dressed . <unk> on a with a is 
gym basketball boy in playing a a 
to holding a boy . shoot about basketball young a 
take is young shot a boy , getting ready to . a , basketball playing 
jersey orange is the boy <unk> dribbling the in . basketball the white 
the to going shoot red boy is shorts basket little the a . in 
no are men a and shirts . busy wearing of street people two 
and a a . city man his with street off pants walks shirt rolled in busy up 
walking crowded a people are many in . street 
watches the a lady shirt the without man . 
around public young people walking are . on square a warm a day 
are in a bunch . on seated a people stadium 
is a stadium people an watching of . crowded full event 
<unk> a stadium of crowd up packed people a . 
sitting . crowd an stadium indoor a in 
a people a of . watch full game stadium 
boys barrier two apples cement eating car playing a on 
two apples a the leap street boys . in with barrier over 
over wall boys <unk> a <unk> . apples little eating two 
boys the . street holding apples little two near 
. barrier with <unk> boys apples concrete two young a 
. boy a walks 
along a boy paint . face track walks red a wearing 
is . with a track a on paint running face boy 
a on a young a painted a face boy with running race track 
a walking track painted . around a is boy face with 
playing . on asian floor ball yellow white on a and girl a with and boy an black 
. children beach play a one ball two has and 
play floor with two ball the on a children . 
young ball and a two each with other children . playing 
boy with a plays young in dress pink girl ball and 
play snow the big a tree in two . under dogs 
to in are playing . next a the dogs two snow tree 
tree playing near a two are ball a . snow with tennis in dogs 
one snow on the with in of other ground dogs top the two tree near on . a , the play 
over the snow . two dogs in ball a tussle tennis 
<unk> at store night <unk> a . window 
a store a woman . at <unk> in <unk> window clothes looks 
. of <unk> store woman <unk> a <unk> a shops outside 
outfits black clothing in store . in woman is the window looking at a 
of woman front window in the shops <unk> store <unk> street the on . , 
leafless . sits in tree a bird a 
sits bird tree . in a a 
sits a bird dead tree black a in . 
black a leafless . in tree a sitting bird 
a a tree <unk> grey . in bare 
side lone a a of . the climbing large man wall rock 
mountain rocks is . man hiking of on a huge and the around a side 
the rocky . large ledge a of a man on cliff stands 
. a stands person face a atop rock 
the the is mountainside man on . 
cliff a over <unk> . the is down ocean a man 
to <unk> lake a cliff . down man is a a next 
the of over the mountain down ocean a side . <unk> is a man 
ocean . swinging a by <unk> over is person a the 
body above water a a a . cliff person of <unk> 
down a below with rocky climbing . water a <unk> person 
a side on cliff person face a the <unk> of . 
down is a with white water . helmet below mountainside a wearing with going black a person 
climbing over extreme ocean 
on . over cliff climbing a someone water down looking 
" no sign posing skis on a are skiing " . behind individuals three 
in three skiing a " gear skiing standing sign people behind . no are " 
are on sign no behind people a . skiing three skis standing 
standing behind snow . a in three skiing the sign people no 
ski next ready . to skiing , three people to no a , stand sign 
over blue man repels a in . cliff water pants a off 
above a cliff line a is hanging a water by . off man 
towards an cliff down <unk> individual the a water 
rope a person cliff a a hangs from on 
ocean <unk> over a the someone . rocky from on rope cliff a 
does a climbing <unk> . man rock 
is mountain a black dressed by cords a down all climbing in man <unk> 
is a man cliff a climbing side the of . 
helmet face wearing a white down . a man colored a is sandy rock <unk> 
with a white rock <unk> climber a helmet . is 
through white a black is dog . running sand beach at the and a 
sand playing a the . dog white in and black 
landscape watching across of people . front dog bounding sandy a in the 
beach . dog a across a lunges 
running . dirt across black dog 
from runs a children holds football other and a child . 
in . of young boy running with blue a a a uniform a game football football flag playing while 
<unk> . holding and a from other blue <unk> running boys shorts football a boy young 
and carrying running two male a a run behind . young boys other him football while 
chased . blue red whilst in the in runs two boy being by boys the with ball 
on is sand . <unk> a dog 
like , <unk> a face making looks a that dog . funny 
the in runs puppy sand . a 
mouth field . open dog has in 
standing outdoors a on . collie is sandy the area 
tropical flying a blue into beautiful two dolphins headfirst lake 
of water this dolphins zoo in two out jumped the . 
jumping into two dolphins water . the 
jump of with them out two palm behind water . blue the dolphins trees 
together out two . dolphins water the of jump 
. a of red elderly front asian and wearing winter woman counter hat a food coat blue an in 
. red a in cap woman a store in a 
red coat and black hat . wearing woman a a 
a <unk> front red and . of in stands woman with face a hat 
market is . the <unk> woman asian the at 
the wait play . a family of while children they 
looks on asian kids man . while dance three a 
<unk> looks man in a on children while and . sits a place jumping three public do 
older while jumping of . a an chairs nearby children row man three watches from 
watches children an jump man three from young . older while his seat 
in kids romp playful on the a <unk> and couple jeans . of grass 
. on girl is a someone back laughing 's 
playing . kids around 
down a holding girl upside little . hanging someone 
heads of grass on . top with <unk> two 
brown dog a , plays the looks the black dog white with as large dog black way a other and . smaller 
orange and , brown dogs on and white brown grass . 
dogs on . three the laying playing and grass 
a . in dogs playing together three yard 
together . dogs three play 
the for waiting people subway 
some windows building large . a out looking in people 
people platform on a are train . waiting three 
three a at . people standing station 
woman two man tracks near standing . one and train 
waves in a wetsuit a . on black the surfboard a in child is 
wave a kid on . surfboard small a riding a 
is in surfing small black boy . a 
water surfs black young the a in a in . boy wetsuit 
rides young surfer . a a wave 
gray two run grass green together dogs over . the 
trees in , hill . two dogs grass background <unk> gray running , down 
two grey in grass . dogs green running 
two dogs identical a meadow lush bound across . green 
running grassy gray dogs field two a through . large 
surf a the out is and of dog . black running brown 
a wet the runs a . dog at surf through beach 
wet is dog ball shepherd in with german running ocean out . mouth its a a of the 
surf running german shepherd in ocean 
german body of in water is walking the shepherd the . 
. terrier ball <unk> a a leaps after 
on jumps pink a a dog a toward small leash ball 
ball a a chasing terrier . red 
a towards dog a ball . red and brown jumps white 
red a little after a wearing ball dog jumping . leash white 
clothing a street snowy railing dressed winter in stand men on against a 
the men two snow outside standing in are . 
near on leaning a railing two jackets road men wearing snowy a each 
urban snowy two , lean on . men fence corner street against 
winter men in city the . a street near standing two 
woman to . woman band another uniform a holding out arms marching in a her 
<unk> marching the fellow band girl her . the teammate in 
members with . yellow hats the two feathers wearing band are 
facing other green in uniforms girls . yellow two and are each asian band 
of yellow and two each green young front wearing . other uniforms in standing girls 
runs the a woods dogs . through dirty 
the stick carries through . dog woods a a 
in yard a dog over a . stick jumping the 
in a . a stick a dog forest jumps over 
furry grassy area a is the wooded through . running dog 
dog a and white are small german playing a <unk> 
big small dog on top a is the brown of . black dog white and 
dog over . the black of the white and dog brown is top 
, one large playing the are . two one and , small together grass dogs in 
playing dogs . together two grass on the 
video is behind a . is her playing girl image <unk> while a <unk> game her 
a behind with on . dances <unk> along woman screen large <unk> her a dancing 
onstage dancing of a . is a front in woman screen 
smiles woman . a in behind the her air arms a with with her screen 
playing <unk> the . big is the girl on the with along screen 
black in snow a chasing the black brown is a dog . dog and 
black snow in a dog chasing front . the is dog a fence brown through of <unk> wire a 
through . dog black dog snow brown chasing 
dogs running the the snow . are in 
dogs the chair two a playing in near snow . 
a . people the group the <unk> side street umbrellas stand on of with of 
of street . the a umbrellas standing clear people on with group 
trying the people with city in . <unk> to umbrellas dry 
rain the . umbrellas walk people in with 
are on in rainy <unk> walking several clear umbrellas with street people busy a . 
market is man through hat into and a in a <unk> a . his walking cowboy reaching 
a a a <unk> cowboy walks hat man in in store . 
. through a making his a hat is in store way a man 
and . cowboy in mall hat a man a walks leather jacket a through 
a inside store . people six 
girl a a a playing a game of screen on from closeup the . <unk> 
on life a playing screen sized is video a game . a girl 
. a large jeans in front a in video plays screen game woman of a 
screen woman on a big a a game plays . video boxing 
. a watching is screen on boxing a playing she game video a while woman big herself 
. a small white shepherd german jumps dog a at 
a through dog runs a large . field a smaller with dog 
is running the grass the dog on shepherd both german the . dog are they white after running while 
play in grass . dogs two the 
two play . in dogs and run long dry the grass 
walks out its dog brown a hanging with snow in . and tongue the black 
walks in a snow . and black dog white the brown 
brown through running dog is snowy a woodland . 
a woods . snowy dog in the runs around 
tongue its out the in snow a . dog walking with 
pulling with takes <unk> in cart a a a a it boy <unk> . 
on a a <unk> car man a with pulling it 
some next cart a a to in man palm . trees <unk> is a carring 
carriage inside a with pulling . dirt a a path man a along <unk> 
person by in a pulled a a <unk> cart . is 
laughing of blue . balls pit a lies on boy a 
blue a balls a pale pit playing in . of boy 
ball plays in boy pit . young red a a 
shirt balls blonde with blue red in boy . plays inflatable inside 
. balls two in are plastic children bin of a playing 
across runs . field snowy dog the a 
fence a runs the in , a background dog in . the snow 
snow the through a . dog runs tan 
dog in the a running white snow 
on a yellow on . white sunny runs day dog a snow 
the picture for sitting a down smiling . boy 
. holding shoes a some child 
hat blue in wearing child . a and smiles a 
smiling boy sandals . young a holding and 
is hat boy the . sandals a and holding wearing 
a inside is black laying down , <unk> a boat . man 
to lays building rest a man inside down a against wood structure . a 
. a on <unk> a public man bench sleeping 
man lining the a that sleeps brick in of is against wall boat <unk> a . a 
inside black man is a . lying of down structure outdoors 
. water is out jumping green of fish a 
's fish the surface water a <unk> . large 
leaps fish large a the blue water green and . from 
large green jumps fish the a out . of water 
fish jumping out is the the of green large . water 
in . down drink as t-shirt he black a a a man looking holds 
with glasses in black a a man . looks drink down at 
a and an wearing looking hand cap at is a glasses black in man his . object 
backwards cap baseball a cup man is a a with on holding 
<unk> his man glasses a in a drink with with sleeping hand black 
gear is all buildings . and nearby no with biker wearing tree with a a black leaves 
black a city the . his beside man in bike in walks 
his black a helmet a pushing is wearing . man bicycle 
man a riding bicycle on a foggy . day 
with man helmet . bicycle a and 
leads soccer boys three in little a woman . uniforms 
children soccer . uniforms wear 
uniforms wearing on field kids a the three are . grass soccer 
adult near another pads an with and <unk> are two performing leg . children child stepping 
camera towards on the gear soccer kids with . walking young 
has . in toy brown , dog plastic snowman his shaggy a a mouth 
his . toy dog furry a mouth in brown carries outside 
. a toy dog shaggy with plays a 
a its with . dog mouth in toy a shaggy 
in hair small toy mouth its a holds with snowman a dog long . 
dancing to filled people with a . a boy in be appears to music building 
a <unk> his man . <unk> by 
stadium a in man closed a purple with his a eyes . shirt standing in is 
in . man eyes purple a is his with a standing closed shirt 
a beard a . young event man at with an 
kids animal of a . a a of group front large four in stand of statue 
waving and smiling children at camera 
four children . 
a pose are children for four photo to standing . 
four children and <unk> dirty . 
man long a a sky the net . with a partly cloudy bird catches from 
wearing a the into holds very handle man camouflage on a . a long air net 
a to trying catch <unk> a person in . birds 
person throwing air the a grass rope is . a in the on 
to <unk> a the in person a net . something catch air uses 
hill . carries walking down dead a birds while a man 
<unk> a plain . numerous a <unk> man carrying is 
a walking grassy <unk> green wearing on <unk> some is top a . man cliff carrying 
a each with in walking multiple is hand grassy . hill uncut man a animals down 
<unk> field carrying of through dead a . walks man the birds 
camera his a cameraman the <unk> checks on . 
his with work a . man a camera <unk> 
a a looking video camera into is a with headset man . 
operating hat video man camera the purple in the . a is 
headset a . is hat and wearing man photo taking a the 
a eyes and his down closed sitting with head , his down man 
a backwards man hat with on sits the a ground . 
shirt closed eyes teenager in white head a . and <unk> with hat a and gold his 
white legged man gold sits and a and hat shirt young black a . in cross 
hanging a man . head his young hat wearing 
a hangs train a onto . straps boy on 
in shirt boy black a shorts and and striped white . a green 
. playing young <unk> is boy a around on a 
man hanging green a wearing white subway in straps by car a young and a two shirt 
the riding kids subway 
scarf . bike <unk> outside her wearing riding pink girl a pink a and 
down boa a a pedestrian wearing a pink bridge rides bicycle woman a . 
bike bags bridge woman over with pink her a . a rides 
bike <unk> fence pants pink a a , by in background and buildings with riding a and silver with her the . pink , scarf woman 
. over scarf bridge with lady pink a bike the her the rides 
a ball person hits . with a racket tennis a 
tennis a person at ball a . swings 
a hit . player a to tennis shirt racquet about a with green his wearing ball 
green and is shirt tennis blue woman playing hat . in a a 
the player . with hits tennis <unk> a miami ball 
a toy . <unk> dog dog is black a 
on wearing a a with fake a . coat grass toy plays dog 
dog pounces . a toy wearing a , a jacket 
. toy pounces on brown dog 
wearing jumping a <unk> to toy . coat dog a grey get 
a jumps the in . dog tan water big 
running in a brown water the . dog is light 
a the splashes through light water dog colored . 
water a a in or bank tan on . splashing the of river dog pond 
water a dog white through splashing . is the 
path dogs are two together dead down running a . leaves covered with in 
path two a strewn dead run dogs along leaves with . 
as trail autumn the a two dogs ground leaves run down cover 
the through together leaves fallen run two have dogs . that 
on two a together walking dogs through . with large the leaves trail ground 
water bucket boy 's a of at . beach head on dumps a the boy another 
boy . on water another a boy pours 
head onto from boy boy . another pours a little 's a little water bucket 
a water small baby dumps . boys on a 
. water on boy pours the baby the 
a skiing a down of skiers are cross-country trail group . 
the a forest cross-country following skiers path group of a through . 
group of cross-country a people snow skiing the in large . 
skiers cross-country following a trail several . 
up walking slope the . skiers 
near a . a backpacker hiking mountain snowy 
snow is . a hiker walking behind covered the with them snow mountain a in 
an adult in the snow hikes a with in . mountain background the 
a of mountain . a a in across with the background person field snow 
the stands snow a mountain a bottom . person snow covered of in at the 
in court a a basketball is shorts holding basketball . with red a boy 
game basketball in young is . an a playing boy official 
is basketball playing boy . the 
the runs looking the basketball with boy . up while 
playing are basketball the indoors . children 
a dog big white dog . small on a jumps 
a large sand the . small a chases dog on dog 
is after dog chasing the small white a at beach a dog 
and small dog in large dog sand 
with dog . playing the dog white muddy the is 
a air snowy riding is doing a mound person over a snowboard stunt . an 
flies through a air the snowboarder . 
snowboarder white a air the through in . soaring 
raised with jump in hand a a the one . middle of is snowboarder 
clothes someone . is air white through snowboarding winter the in 
the . walks a snow dog across 
<unk> the snow a through dog the . walks in 
. black camera across approaching and snow brown dog 
head runs with black snow down dog through 
large colored the is the , . walking dark dog snow through 
. and across dogs black field a white run green two 
two running dogs . across are grassy field a 
. running with two black mouths markings open their with white dogs and 
two . a grassy in area running terriers 
two running black grass . and dogs white in the 
skiiers <unk> on snow 
shown covered a group skiers . of mountain snow on a 
making five terrain cross-country . across skiers snowy their way 
snow five covered . on skiing slopes people 
, five with are . , there in skiers backpacks the snow 
boy others a watch basketball game a holds while . a during , 
is in . holding boy one hand a a basketball 
is hands . basketball running boy a his in a with 
boy a basketball throws a game during a . 
on boy people a behind few him young look a while plays . basketball 
. through a snowboarding jumps while the air man 
in gray white . snowboarder a and catches jacket a some air pants 
. jump a is pants a doing in gray snowboarder 
brown a with . snowboarder pants 
wearing a person airborne snowboard . grey on pants 
an coat . they to speaks wearing orange another the man walk a as in snow 
climbers climb mountain to rest . on <unk> 
on and poles jackets red the orange snow two in in . men leaning 
. men the with equipment stare into two snow distance 
. are ahead a two looking trail <unk> on snowy 
looking . sits a with view a the atop at mountain man snowboard a 
a waterfalls sandy a into staring atop mountainside sitting person . 
mountains snowboard at his looking leaning against of view foggy snowboarder while a 
a staring scenery a a at on . sits mountain foggy snowboarder white 
. snowboarder distance some gazes into mountains the at the 
subway station . in couple kiss a a 
couple in a . dark <unk> kisses the 
woman . lit a kissing <unk> man and a scene of 
a kissing subway and dark in woman a man 
subway station is girl in a leather kissing in man . a jacket a a 
ground light on . a running is very fast brown a dog black 
. a outside dog runs 
running on black fast dog a field 
running black dog fast very . 
tongue . black dog running with his out 
by door in . a and wooden carrying a standing green tan house jacket the of a a is elderly woman bag beige 
in porch coat man a on standing a a brown 
front man a in an in open jacket a standing of brown door . porch 
on standing an looking lady a in the distance off old porch 
wearing brown jacket the is a lady porch on the . 
in grass a of a dog a dog field to . its mouth next running is a toy second red carrying in brown 
running toy field a with red two dogs brown through a 
two container one is its mouth side run and orange an carrying . in dog dogs side by brown 
some running tall one an , brown dogs item collars are carrying wearing . two through grass orange orange 
orange . <unk> dogs with play two brown toy an 
. skis a of in hike people group 
in head a an the up group snow incline of . skiers 
ski . four 's her a has people lady gloves in behind on red 
cross-country a are . single <unk> in skiing line people 
gear snow a hikers <unk> their . the walk with few through 
younger an standing man man near . elderly a 
of a the in an brown look <unk> gives gentleman . to camera older 
man blue camera older . in a jacket the man on while young a an looks <unk> 
older by a man man younger an with standing earphones 
near of man stands in in younger a a . blue a building front beige man older in 
playing a while a sitting black a grassy bench is located man a with on . green on dog hill 
a bench a dog feeds man . a on 
dog a a pets on a man bench . 
. a jacket a black wearing red on petting wearing grey green a collar sitting man a dog bench 
black on sitting the a man old bench with dog . park 
inside a play an long toddler . child older spring a a with watching house 
while <unk> room <unk> a young the . in child family a an plays watches older with 
playing and . with <unk> little is children two one a 
living in toys room . are young some children playing the with two 
playing young children in couch two front a of 
pool dog a white red cats with beige a with near and dog in collar run a a . background the 
running two little white dogs . 
playing small dogs two white 
running dogs are two together . white 
play a two pool white . puppies near 
and green is a a girl grassy running jacket a dusty path in in a . down park pink dress 
a walking sweater path and girl a in . down pink wearing dress green a 
a little flowers on a is . walking girl holding away day sunny path a down 
along a path is . walking girl a little 
walking the sidewalk down a girl . little 
plastic <unk> a into bucket of group bicycle a man a while pouring white soda boys . pumps a 
with . on man <unk> a <unk> farm and bucket are liquid , a a two boys 
work near a a water people three person other and shovel bucket a . into pours 
four . a guys are field in 
. as kids <unk> into watched soda air the the the bottle 
a slide boy others play slip runs and . <unk> a as on 
in field in children clothes a . swimming 
with little slide a are kids water outside and down a . sliding hose playing water are 
a ground tarp on are playing wet children outside . the several with 
water homemade slide a several on . children playing 
one colored dogs two . another fighting dark 
in a fighting are . dogs field two 
gray each the other grass tall two dogs jump at . over 
fighting dogs in other jumping two air each grey the 
a playing in are . black large field dogs two grassy 
<unk> dog looks his . <unk> the brown area dog a at 
dog large a medium at brown dog black looking sized . is a 
field dog brown grassy black a in small . larger dog looks at a a 
tall looks . grass big dog brown at the dog in small black the 
dog there big looking at a a is . dog little 
splashing and . boy ocean around the girl a in are 
playing . are at ocean girls in the two the beach 
the two beach black girls other playing pink in . one and at the in 
the walking . ocean in two girls 
two ocean <unk> . young are wearing the and shorts girls shorts in wading 
street on a man busy . a 
a man on streets . the 
a on . standing man the street 
at . crosswalk city a a stands man 
a down man an looking there out of street focus sideways . is 
boy . short bubbles in plays an orange a in 
jeans . orange bubbles and a the in in shirt boy air an chases 
child blows a bubbles . outside 
. outside an with bubbles with a boy shirt playing orange little is 
through a boy . runs bubbles young 
a holding a . 's <unk> cement a woman path hands behind on with man them down walking back another couple 
. outside path a on walk people 
a walking several people down trail are . 
<unk> a park man a giving is woman ride through the a . 
grass , couples with . on a <unk> and path bushes walking trees two 
boy walks . a buildings near 
brick past a is and a purple . striped shirt hat man building and walking a blue in 
walking a . man a down by a street garage 
past person a brick walking a . shed 
a white garage a in the road and by . down passing walking man young is beanie a 
a . boy while little girl holds in wheel barrel is handles the in a sitting pink a 
young boy a in barrel girl with pushing him . green wheel a a 
the young young girl a a . in as a holds handles boy wheelbarrow rides 
a pink <unk> girl it wearing . a blond young is green in pushing boy young a with 
girl wheelbarrow inside the while sits boy the . the is holding 
off dry grass . dog a shakes big 
black collars dog wearing the dead on shakes off . and a grass white 
. of water off shakes dog a himself 
its shaking harness tri-colored a purple and dog is wearing collar a green body a . 
water off dog white a brown and . shakes 
several buried is balls a girl under playground . 
balls is various colors a . laughing baby surrounded by of 
by a balls child colored is . smiling surrounded 
. lying many plastic girl balls little colored in 
the balls covered . with colorful is child 
deep a stands water . neck and white clear in black dog 
white a and . clear swimming dog black water in 
with standing high markings . and white black water chest a in dog facial chest 
hit small the a . a dog in is wave by ocean being 
in . a the plays dog water 
long of jumping field dog brown grass a through of a and black <unk> 
the grass dog runs through . a tall 
wearing field a a dog harness red runs a across 
in brown harness grass red . black high with and dog 
through dog the . weeds running 
is walking the with horizon a sun on the a beach dog on . 
with a beach black large dog towards in water background walking the with on . a collar the the a sun 
walks a retriever the yellow sunset labrador . at ocean into 
beach at sunset dog on the 
at walks along a beach . the dog sunset 
street city hat a wearing a busy walking through a is . black man 
of in on man city street a busy a silhouette a a . hat 
black buildings with and with hat coat near . person black signs 
in crowded three area people . a city 
<unk> back is man city shot with a his a in turned . of 
on a grass one that . on <unk> black dog road another nearby chases recently was 
plain . dogs in a grassy are two playing black 
black grass two on chase other dogs . each 
dogs running two black 
running grass . black dogs two on 
trunks the a on cliff . in snow water swimming man above stands red a in the 
. a red a into lake man looking trunks in 
stands snowy the a young looks over out on shorts and in . lake a and red man cliff shirtless black 
. water at standing stares in snow boy 
snow of shorts . body standing water in next man wearing a to 
the snow of family in poses a <unk> 
in poses snowy a forest a family . 
a in snow standing trip sledding a family on the . 
a stands family woods snowy . in the 
with pose four children and . woman in snow a a the man 
. floor balloons girl in a on little room a dances with the 
balloons young strewn a in . girl dancing wooden her floor on pink socks with a 
balloons strings . confetti by dancing , surrounded on pink head with child 
floor wood and dances skirt <unk> girl on little . in shirt brown 
dancing is girl house a blond the . inside 
and collar the dog behind collar ball with the the the running dog red with green is 
in enjoy snow dogs playing of the the . two cold 
in play the dogs snow . two 
the dogs play two snow together . in 
. dogs run two the snow through 
mountain skiiers . on snowy a 
a mountain . top on skiiers of 
stand to two snowy . skis mountain and men right a look to the on 
wearing mountain at skis two people . looking stand a 
mountain near . two snowy skiers stand a 
walking window past a and man are a a glass woman <unk> 
jacket . <unk> man woman and a a and in together a a walk blue brown boots wearing brown 
woman tights next . black blue sweater walks many to a in in a suit <unk> gray , and <unk> a 
and away walk <unk> with woman a man . arms 
street down the short people . fat two walk , 
the dog near a a . rocks river on walks brown 
a is gravel through some dog beside walking . river a 
on a with <unk> <unk> for somthing nose <unk> dog a . a 
brown a dog is a . large side along walking river 
along bulldog small stream tan shore . the large a rocky of walking a 
dog carries a through . a kitchen a newspaper 
the a the through dog its kitchen owner to bringing is . newspaper 
inside dining dog . a newspaper a retrieving a room 
white paper a tile and while tan dog in its on floor holding mouth 
dog . the retrieves 's owner the paper 
brown . a <unk> dog 
is mouth . running brown its course open wide with obstacle a over an dog 
descends ramp , dog . a a teeth <unk> 
stage it the dog brown wooden is the on . behind people with 
down obstacle barking while an is the dog . running 
. basketball <unk> a player in up looks a uniform 
three basketball players are there 
in . something at basketball uniforms men three looking 
upward . basketball are <unk> two players from looking 
basketball players ball the watching two . 
behind cross-country through makes way . he a him snow has a skier left as trail his the 
the skier in walking cross background snowy trees bank lone a with a 
snow-covered on man hiking . a a is trail 
man a casts down a skiing a hill shadow is long he while . snowy 
. skier down hill the a on beautiful day moves the 
. her by speeds girl a scooter on 
. rides girl scooter a wearing a a helmet 
and . a scooter white purple girl riding is with helmet a on a 
is little and scooter . a riding helmet a shirt on purple and purple girl a her wearing 
scooter in a is little shirt purple riding a . a girl on and helmet 
boy . is a surfing 
boy a surfing the in is ocean . 
a people in a other two . surfboard the green on boy surfing near water is 
a a green surfboard on boy is the beach surfing . towards 
a the in boy surfing ocean . young 
and piece a is looking white . hair woman a wedding <unk> that wearing looks a down like 
. young her lips bride purses a 
bridal is . woman outside church a a young a <unk> wearing 
down with white . <unk> a looking bride 
outside the standing bride . is 
little a pink man and in a a dress girl 
watches pink a a child man small in . 
wearing girl is and little man pink wearing tiny a sitting down who brown by stands . a 
park . man girl sitting a with the little the is in 
man away young a are the look the both pink . seated and outfit girl looking in 
and woman . bench on man a a a 
. and outdoors on sit bench a woman a a man 
. park bench on a and sit a man woman 
a . arm around sits lady his a man bench with a on 
man the tan jacket . people on the in sit two smokes while bench the the 
snow body a dog edge at surrounded of the brown . by a of water 
at . dog water looking standing snow near a 
frozen . dog walks pond golden carefully a a around 
in golden water a at looking . next snow its a to <unk> retriever 
is along water to snow dog tan walking a . 
jumping a little another from chair to boy one . 
another jumps black one from chair young boy to a . 
. another one leaping from young to boy chair is a 
jumping his one another a in chair to boy young from house 
a young . to from chair boy leaps chair 
blue a ball mid-flight an dog catches and of in field dead . in a orange grass 
catch up a an blue jumps ball and . tennis orange dog to 
catch a dog its mouth a leaps ball in . air to the into 
ball field in catches terrier a a . a 
. dog a jumping catch white ball small to 
a pants a dog car inside 
sits a its . dog sticking car with a in out tongue 
in a dog blue car a a rides . leash wearing 
dog colored a . blue sitting is with in a leash light attached vehicle 
dog its for waits the . <unk> in the car owner 
side people children skating watch the while on . 
two ice people skate . with boys other 
two ice rink skates outdoor an on ice on race . boys 
while others two . skates ice boys on watch race 
two skating on are children ice quickly . 
along . beach dog <unk> the a 
rocky white lap beach a runs fuzzy a . dog along 
<unk> on a a beach dog white small covered running . 
a a shoreline runs dog along white . rocky 
fluffy white the . dog <unk> along on running shore 
is closely <unk> black man a train a bag looking the that smoke carrying . at is red 
a engine a man into . train looking 
a smoke train . blowing 
stand fashioned an . on near a people sidewalk old train 
the at to station stands train busy close the . the train man 
the a air rides in rider over . a motocross bar 
a a jumping pole motorbike . 
motorcycle person while is a <unk> camera men a pole jumping over . a 
biker stunts dirt <unk> doing professional being a while 
high in . motorcycle a trick performing the on man air a 
woodland path buggy . boy down riding a a is a 
another down watches person a hill rolls a riding wagon . as a 
a small riding wagon down . a person hill a young 
boy in the red wagon the comes the down . hill 
of seated on is this , downhill person <unk> a . riding , type 
stick over in are a water . white and a dog white the fighting a 
dogs a stick . a playing with lake are two in 
the a two dogs over stick . water in fight 
with dogs stick a playing two in the water 
. dogs playing shallow with stick a two water in 
. down is going a slide kid water big a 
down a slides swimming . slide pool a a into yellow kid 
yellow is into a pool person a coming down . water a slide 
boy enter . to about a slide a after pool yellow sliding a young down 
slide into of . sliding down pool child water 
is a <unk> volleyball girl a hitting 
girl a a . field in volleyball a grassy hitting 
a volleyball woman plays . 
volleyball . a girl field practicing in grass a young is 
. girl hitting the volleyball is the 
the the the red boy in football the with shirt grabbing black one is in shirt flag . boy of a 
two . playing boys flag football are 
a playing . flag game of two football boys 
a . one for boys other holding and with football two is the <unk> while him reaches 
football <unk> players with . young 
is hill a small jumping person on a . skis 
. skier is a in of airborne front tree a 
on tree skis snow snow with the green . background in person over airborne 
over pine the a . a mound in is of tree jumping snowy skier front 
of is person while jumping off . skiing hill this a 
on are three in . their down children a riding coats winter hill tricycles 
riding path are three the . on tricycles children 
three <unk> . children ride three 
tricycles street their ride three kids the . down 
downhill tricycles race . on three little kids 
blue . across in man rowing a water a is rowboat 
<unk> a boat a man in called small is rowing 
man boat below . his a rows 
a . boat man rowing 
the in . a his spot fisherman to paddles new 
in and of many soft boy lying toys . is a spiderman midst down <unk> , 
laying , down by and wearing a black animals a boy and is pants . is shirt surrounded stuffed khaki 
. stuffed child of a <unk> toys laying the midst and in 
animals bed young lays stuffed boy a a in of . 
including down child mouse mickey stuffed in laying <unk> midst of the animals and 
on . the young ball boy a basketball team dribbles a 
playing wearing a a , young a gym . basketball boy uniform in 
uniform basketball boy in the the the <unk> court blue is dribbling down . ball 
. <unk> with the the boy runs across the court 
boy bouncing a running the young is while basketball . 
its baby <unk> cheeks a up . 
funny face green sits a baby red pulling a . by and toy his 
in playing toy yellow bib <unk> a a baby with <unk> . a red and 
a for baby male a funny makes the face . camera 
high chair baby the a is . in sitting 
dog . catches frisbee a a midair in 
a frisbee catching a dog . 
. <unk> in the catches a frisbee a air terrier 
black dog white a a frisbee and catching . 
its in a a . the is air green dog object mouth in leaping with white 
. dressed black of in parking a lot in the <unk> a middle stands a man 
for poses in a lot black picture a wearing man sweatshirt a parking a . 
a beard in black , , is smoking . dressed a with man 
black cigarette a . of sweatshirt at the road wearing a a side a smokes hooded mean 
the has beard in robe man . gold on his the 
with in dances sand adults a girl . the 
of a people dancing on truck beach a group of front in a 
dance and a on by friends beach vehicles family their . 
a . in sandy people desert many dancing 
. some several are people sand dancing in 
. a field in a dog brown 
<unk> grass a in in . brown dog 
dog running grassy in a brown field two black a . through collars 
running in a a . dog field 
through bounding collar dog grass brown a a with dark light . 
field leg a the one is in middle of on girl standing the . 
. girl her out leg a a lawn on with 
little girl into the air . kicks a 
. girl dressed her warmly up kicks outdoors a leg 
field . in person the walking 
in dog small . a snow white the 
the . a snow dog through running white is 
a dog across . snow the white running 
dog in to white as snow is . hard the the runs it see <unk> 
with . snow in dog mouth white the open running 
a sand blue jumping children is beach and , water up the sand the on is two . being bright int kicked the 
towards as jump they children the large two beach sand . a dune run down 
on hands holding girls walk beach as . and downhill jumping they two 
the dune a two to sand running beach down kids . 
sand people beach off a two dune on a jump 
<unk> a dog playing 
with his hanging out dog little a tongue running 
down licks nose small path walks . dirt tan and a a dog his 
it lips runs . across grass brown and small dirt as dog licks 
is path with out along brown . a the grassy tongue its walking dog 
wearing a child . jacket jumping is a from down a rock yellow 
blue . in jumping a from and cap baseball rock a a kid yellow jacket 
jumps . water a boy into young 
. jacket yellow boy wearing jumping 
kid with off little jacket yellow hat rock jumping and blue 
dog brown . a a path a black dog dirt run along and 
dog a with black dog white runs a 
dogs a field are path dirt two grassy down in a running . 
narrow a on middle path dirt in the . play dogs run together and a field two of 
dogs grass . outside run through the two 
dog a field running . in a a is brown black alongside dog 
two running . the on grass dogs are 
on . two dogs running grass 
run . two dogs the on grass <unk> 
. together running large the through grass two dogs are 
. adults are walking a of group 
a man hair toward looking a with long black a woman suit in 
the looks picture coat . a dark to and glasses the man wearing a at something of left 
. walking a a woman a while talks crowd in to man 
same direction clothes in . the people in walk four dark 
a in on puppy grass brown the is back . laying its 
. long grass the lays dog green a down in 
in . rolling grass the dog a 
. grass the dog rolls in a 
on . the a is laying its in grass back golden dog 
down red ready slide in a boy getting metal pants . to a slide 
. a slide boy a red prepares in slide down blue to 
boy the slide of a on a top . 
. top a playground crouches slide the at child a of reflective 
a a at . top young boy of slide the 
the look . water into <unk> four 
horseback four mountains distance look with at . a in on the people lake 
to four water edge people the ride the . of horses 
are the on at shore on horses the standing lake looking . men 
on several men horseback a background into staring mountain 
through runs green ball dog grass in its with mouth . a tennis a 
a carries ball in puppy . a tennis mouth its 
ball in holds tennis a puppy yellow a mouth its white . 
. tennis ball mouth carrying in a its puppy 
the carrying its ball a puppy is in . mouth 
a man a canoe in a . lake paddles 
an rows man . a boat older 
a a on in man lake canoe . still 
waters <unk> paddles canoe man through lake a 
canoe lake rowing a a blue in . is man the 
a <unk> a . gather tree on people bridge near <unk> 
at . bridge the look on a water people 
bridge water over . stand people on a 
a bridge . over lake people on a walk small 
. over river green some are bridge a people crossing a 
in a . red throws man frisbee a 
a and frisbee two men 
men frisbee catch two are a . running to 
in game men . go some frisbee sports two of after a kind 
frisbee running a men shirt towards red , , a two one . in 
yelling in jacket a . a a holding stick red and boy 
him kid someone passes a with an turns in hand while . behind object around 
boy up a bar yelling candy holds while . young a 
young wearing a a coat chocolate . bar red a eats boy 
red a coat up holding eating candy a young winter is boy . wearing bar a and 
tan a and for . go their in a ride rowboat person dog a 
and wide a dog rowing a river a woman down . 
jacket an her lake woman canoe wearing a dog a with in behind on sitting a orange a 
a a woman river dog down a . with canoe 
the woman and water . on dog in rowboat 
dog with a toy brown . grass white a chew laying in the 
playing with a brown white lying a grass . dog the rag in 
a dog on brown grass sitting 
sitting dog on a . grass 
orange white <unk> grass with on rag . dog 
on brown grass white dog . and a playing 
through brown and a white runs dog grassy a area . 
on a the grass is playing dog green 
runs dog floppy on . grass , it fence behind ears a the with a 
an white him running a is behind orange fence with dog . 
. playing blond a colorful a dog with dog toy 
fluffy chew a dog toy yellow looking at . a 
in living small room . with a fluffy a dog plays toy a 
colourful dog dropping toy tan fluffy . a a 
chew dog . white a toy with plays colorful a shaggy 
being adult by a air they child smiling . as the thrown are in an 
in boy little and light the is . in a flannel thrown air a pants shirt 
a is air into . man toddler a tossing the 
person . throws air the a in a up baby 
enjoys . up baby tossed in the being the air 
park in white dog a the . a is jumping snow at and black 
park black and a running white . snowy in dog a 
and runs over by a black white dog tree and . snow bench a 
and jumping small snow in a black the dog white 
black white . the snow dog and in running 
next . the snow each children make to other angels 
. snow making are angels children two 
lying snow the two angels snow making children in 
, one and , in two . red making children blue angels in one snow 
people snow <unk> in snow angels laying the in two making 
using man a into built are woman a machine a wall and . the 
and at a look man photographs woman other " " a pictures a people on machine 's marked . 
man a and looking woman <unk> . a at photograph a 
other a photographs <unk> looking . are ' man exhibit ' people 's woman at an and 
<unk> photo individuals two a use 
a pink in in green running boy arena in in red background running girl . is sports girl the behind a in a whilst a is 
smile barefoot setting three children fun and indoor an in . 
three children barefoot . running 
a gym three running <unk> in children 
running smiling three indoors children . 
red catching a and a . green white and dog in object his black is mouth 
catch the field dog through its black to something in and white mouth running . is a 
mouth a dog a in catching <unk> . frisbee its 
in black . its and object an small mouth jumps a white dog with 
dog a and catch leaps the . toy black white to 
in and swing on tire hats wearing swinging snow jackets kids 
snow a tire a two the in in park children swing at . 
a snowy . swing tire children a day on swing on two 
blue kids a green snow out . swinging snow on in and the two tire coats in are swing hats and 
on swing tire young two ground children with . being pushed the snow on are a 
dog brown in jumps . air a the 
<unk> is on standing dog legs to his jump about a <unk> to . be hind 
while jumps a . dog high outside 
a a dog jumps lawn on . 
grassy a in large bush a over dog jumping . brown area 
next in black . a dog furry another the is to dog jumping air 
is is black one one black in on . dog grass <unk> the midair dog 
two . dogs black 
dogs are . two grass in black playing a 
black grass two playing on dogs 
a brown . the dog ball plays snow a orange with bright in 
. chasing a in a snow ball dog 
tan snow red a is with a . playing dog in dog 
basketball with to snow the a play tries dog . in the 
in the a dog with the red . is yellow snow ball 
a rock wall . a girl climbs 
girl a . little a blond on wall climbing 
a a girl up young climbing blond . rock is 
rock a girl a a wearing . pink young climb shirt climbs 
is shirt jeans a up pink climbing rock climbing in a the . wall girl little and 
biting a the a across . is stick onto water swimming dog 
in the water in dog is . stick mouth with his a swimming a 
dog with a mouth stick in its . swimming a 
a a its in stick mouth with . dog swimming 
. the a is dog stick fetching water in 
dog a brown is toy with a . towards camera bounds playing red the dog while another brown 
run play ball . the a and with red dogs 
with little ball the red ears brown are . a playing dogs with floppy 
ball one . grass , holding , dogs mouth the a two the through run its in 
playing grass two red a are the and carrying ball one is . them , on dogs brown of 
. a a down in boy blue skateboard a on stairs shirt jumps 
the staircase air through on white his above . skateboard a a flies man 
jumps of down a . his board skateboarder a stairs flight 
white steps sails a skateboarder . over 
. of jumping down skateboarder building stairs 
. cap object black in holding <unk> black a white and and while smiling grey shirt man a a 
appears to product to a with trying he and poses . a smiles be sell man 
and smiling wearing a black man a cap baseball . shirt 
the wearing black man hat and shirt smiling and . is a 
a shirt a with there is black a and hat . man smiling black 
dog black walking stream through is a a 
swimming near water dog rocks a black . in 
black the dog collar wading a through with water . red a 
. through rocks next a a dog large creek runs to 
a black wet is the a in river red with collar dog 
window elderly stone woman building of the by a is standing an grey . 
warm to standing wearing , the person , window a sidewalk on next a clothes 
bags with all dressed outside a a in blue blue . window woman stands 
building a outside stands . and in a fur woman fur hat a coat 
on waits . the sidewalk elderly the lady 
bike rides a a on path dirt a . man 
the biking person a . woods through 
a . person muddy along trail a <unk> 
dirt the bike rider down riding slope . 
person . hill down a dirt bike a rides dirt 
a structure . a rope on playground walks boy across a 
in while a ropes a two child red balancing rope a on white . green holding shirt 
adult two children an with playground and a . 
and with ropes a two rope on small boy glasses his holds wearing hands stands . a 
on is he an . the <unk> smiling rope course little a crosses as boy 
chasing water shallow dog dog grey a brown in a . 
black small a above a brown dog dog fluffy . chasing small water just 
water to the two shore dogs . through moving close 
a in dogs two lake . playing 
. playing shore dogs on two the 
a crowd a riding . of boys vehicle 
single . group riding similar people wearing large of a clothing vehicle a 
people of a on road down are cart almost a riding <unk> the 2 outside 
a . crowded with people vehicle 
with men and young on backpacks are . many vehicle clinging to a riding 
dog chases . another dog a 
is . brown dog shaking white ears the its and 
. dogs in playing of fenced gravel in a are two area 
dogs a a in two run fence in the . with foreground gravel lot 
gated gravel walk a the inside area over . two dogs yard 
red in in overcoat behind her with white woman a man walking hair black and a 
a with wearing sunglasses a . is front and woman of a man a black in coat walking standing backpack away 
and sunglasses walks a as a . coat black she wears woman 
jacket there woman a white sunglasses his man a black and with in is and a turned a shirt . in back 
away is . woman coat , dark man the the shirt the the facing in blue while camera in the faces 
water of an sitting . a person beside body older 
woman a is a lake <unk> by . a in sweater sitting 
the on a near water a woman sits log . 
to wall a sea on and a . the sits woman a sea sweater with looks 
wood the sits person water sweater on , in a . the at looking 
behind sled dog a from team seen . 
harnessed snow something to group together of dogs pull . in a the 
the from sled the rider team running <unk> . of a dog 
team . a <unk> trail on snowy works hard this 
a the harnessed several dogs in in snow line . , all 
a on of a built walking in water orange in body wooden walkway . child 
bridge down lake . are running a a two children across 
two that a body children water boardwalk over of along a run crosses . 
water children over walking a . pier wooden on two 
across children two pier wearing . a walk orange long 
looks a up mouth brown person are in while a 's fingers dog . its 
finger dog 's . a someone bites 
is someone . 's dog chewing on a finger 
dog a her in a mouth hands his person has 's . or 
. touches a 's person <unk> a dog 
on . wall dog a a the sitting sitting by are and are a pavement man 
man a snow at building the corner and his sitting in husky the . of a 
. a man is for sitting with in change <unk> asking the his dog snow 
a in sits the his . and with blanket man dog outside blue snow 
black small husky him laying on person a sidewalk holding sitting dog snow a beside . in and 
on sandy . a boy swing a a on a girl pushes playground 
in stands behind a a boy . a swing girl 
little who a pushing swing . a is is girl a sitting on boy little 
. on girl little a the swing boy pushes little a 
swing small in boy the little shirt pushes the red on baby the . girl the 
some head peeks . out from a flowers child his 
child flowers a amid . with sitting eyes blue 
in bunch kid . playing a flowers of a 
haired . pot holding of onto the is edge brown a flower the a garden in toddler 
is garden a small flowers child this . around in all with 
storefront drummer a <unk> . a outside players three and 
is band are a buckets playing . playing their small guys of and the man <unk> with one drums 
play sidewalk . on the people four instruments 
on drums play another guys three while saxophone . buckets 
drum play one play on while man men <unk> makeshift a corner three 
running and . dog of grass brown a black a front the white in dog in 
a in grass black brown white dog a and . running and are dog 
and grass white the run green a dog and along black brown . dog 
a two one running with black and golden , towards , patches are white dogs a . one something 
dogs together are two through grass . the running 
on a swing trees child a amidst on tire his stomach swings . 
tire a swing . a on in a child field forested small 
a playing swing on tire small a child 
a small swinging tire swing kid on a 
a swings little . a on very tire child swing 
are dog each and at starring a . other black brown 
a dog . and brown other dog brown field in dark each a a at stare light 
a in each other facing are dogs . field two grassy 
. other are each two at dogs looking 
dogs two <unk> of other the middle field in a each 
in . another animal walks a the brown grass dog hiding towards 
grass walks . dog down the towards in dog a a lying 
while is . <unk> dog grass laying on grey in a a looks the dog brown 
in lay dog watches dog a another grass brown standing the 
black . dog <unk> laying the dog brown in the dry a grass 
over the water dog a brown white . leaping a log snow and in near is 
fallen tree a . jumps dog a over 
covered a dog log over dog another jumps small snow in . while a a harness watches 
dog a snow over . covered log white leaping the 
with white white black . tan covered snow dog behind and object over spot leaping with dog 
shaking . the snow brown a off is dog 
squats of dog . brown a snow pile a in deep 
the plays dog long-haired brown a snow in 
snow in the . dog the playing brown is 
playing brown is white the . dog the snow in 
two bounce sit are and on girls . yellow a the playing 
yellow bounce two children large toy a atop sitting . 
bounce ball on yellow a two indoors girls large . 
ball toy yellow are on a rubber . sitting two little girls 
two on ball a smiling yellow . bouncy sit girls 
a a smoking cigarette black . guy 
a cigarette man a is smoking building a <unk> black front of in type . 
. of man in blue front cigarette a an a wearing a shirt official smokes building 
with front <unk> smokes a a a in of . shirt <unk> cigarette man a 
outside smoking man a a american cigarette african large . an building 
hit just a the . in has back someone a and snowball person thrown 
. house a outside snow people in 
people outside . stand a house 
person several shoveling . a with standing a of snow house pile front in front one , of of in people 
snow by of . a some house mound are outside gathered a people 
a the is juggling man in beach trunks swim on 
. a the at man beach juggles 
man the juggles . on a <unk> <unk> beach 
juggling . beach on man swim young a trunks the in is 
beach <unk> on in blue swimsuit . 
fluffy a white dog the . across snow running 
ground bear the shadow casts . a on and snow walks a white along snow-covered 
running snow a . on white dog 
. a <unk> snow the moves over 
. across the white snow runs dog the 
diaper a onto in boy couch a a . jumping 
diaper onto a with a . a and a pillow a and in toys room in jumps chair red bed with boy covering striped a 
onto jumps child bed a a . 
child toys leaping a room . a with bed floor in onto on a the 
young jumping to his boy on . bed 
sitting a with couch , a on guy tattoos . 
colorful couch . man <unk> hand a a on a his with a cushion beside in sits 
a on rubbing a his chair man sitting eye . 
couch man a tattoos with <unk> holding . on a <unk> is a 
on eye man tattooed . chair rubs his indoors while sitting 
<unk> outside . on snow are dogs two white 
. the <unk> snow two play in 
two the are snow white in . dogs playing 
. white running snow two dogs playing field in a covered and 
dogs furry play . two the white snow in 
in running , . fluffy dog a the white snow 
white the a running snow dog across 
white snow in a dog the running . 
through the white dog . his mouth open a with snow-covered runs ground 
running in a white white is snow . <unk> fluffy dog 
three covered hill on snow partly is a that . in are people standing 
people in melting . dark a of field clothing stand three snow in 
hill snowy standing side the people three of on grassy a 
standing three young partially men snow-covered ground on 
. third two snow a boys some watch boy kicking 
on a <unk> ball a . by with brown soccer goes blue dog grass collar black in and the 
. standing dog the in grass volleyball a a black near 
a from grass few stands dog white ball a feet . black on soccer a away 
soccer black brown a . collar on and a near a ball blue down a grassy field with 
ball kick dog retrieve to so the soccer . it can some <unk> the he 
a a . hold baby wicker basket 
holding . a a onto handle baby 
basket a on . to holding a a is in child <unk> blue 
wooden toddler <unk> object . a a 
child holding the wicker young chair of a onto back is . a 
runs a black white puppy along . the gravel road and 
and a up ears white is puppy with . straight running black 
larger to . white next small running along a path puppy black background gravel in a and the dog a 
. white black dog small and a 
dog white the gray . walking and on is gravel 
a midair . skateboarding guy on 
over jump . a a doing on concrete a man skateboard 
. it the air with man on jumping a in skateboard a is 
air in . the skateboarder 
grab jeans trick the shirt skateboard a performs on the guy his blue . in and 
runs snow blond a lab the . in 
dog runs a through snow . the 
through . snow dog golden running the is a 
. across a snow tan dog walks the 
snow dog in runs brown . 
the street a his boy rides <unk> on . 
with helmet the skateboards a a boy across . street 
blue skateboard is a and a on child helmet in jacket . a 
helmet on a street the . young a boy skateboards wearing 
and a is pants there stripe riding a with his side boy skateboard helmet a down the of a on . 
on of a boy snow little . mound is top a 
dressed the gear <unk> at of in mound kid . a snow little top the is 
a . in boy snow playing the small 
with snow gear winter stands boy on outstretched arms in . 
child . the outstretched of on is with standing a snowbank top arms their 
girls dressed in their the white and up . <unk> hair and is are silver 
blonde in are standing two large . fancy a silver green dresses near palm girls 
two dresses large in girls small white green plant . a standing of front in 
girls formally young dressed two 
dresses outside girls two in young standing . fancy are 
boy dressed a for halloween 
a <unk> glove a on a boy has bracelet and . strange 
dressed boy <unk> as a <unk> is . 
a leather <unk> his . at boy bracelet looks 
with very long that has sharp a glove boy fingers a costume in young . a 
blue with plays a in . a toy pajamas boy 
car small from taking another small black toy is child boy . a a 
plays car small a toy a child batman with 
playing <unk> in toddler a . black toy pointy blue a with car a 
toys playing . a on toddler floor a hardwood with 
doorway hug a each . and boy a girl near other 
girl young boy hug a . and and smile 
other two are each . hugging children indoors 
hug two children . 
hug another . two children one 
black laying a striped toy . is dog tiger brown and with a 
is his black toys dog brown . with and a playing chew 
. black soft toys with a two fireplace a front plays of dog in 
dog a a doll of toy a on to . fireplace a sitting a close-up and black next 
. is big into toy soft chew to trying dog black 
a mask bread of two in . up bags a boy holds 
a wrestling boy bags wears and a mask . carries of bread 
people . next mask with several <unk> other a a boy blue is to wrestler 
bread carries through child <unk> store two a man the . of 
holding two mask young a . stands bags wearing of boy bread a 
the a black dog running through snow . 
dog snow runs . black the across a 
the through running is a a . dog snow black blue collar wearing 
dog the a in is . black collar snow running blue a with 
. black collar a on the blue has dog 
the dog dog in a brown . beige snow and 
dog kisses of in white a the snow ear the a dog brown . 
face another in one . dog <unk> snow 's the 
snow two dogs playing . in 
in play dogs the . snow two 
outdoors in . on <unk> man up a shirt pavement a red is 
sleeveless <unk> a in in up man front a shirt a . door of red 
building man the next to . lays a a sidewalk on in red brick red 
the sleeping man street a on 
sleeping a man <unk> a . building behind 
<unk> icy glacier with of . a climbing pick an the a man 
is man up an white a orange helmet . <unk> glacier a climbing 
is a into . <unk> ice man 
mountain <unk> an a climber wearing . helmet his orange swings 
<unk> an wearing the pick with his ice helmet climber . is ice an ice orange 
boy on hitting a skateboard a with a . girl plushie snake a 
a girl at a a little swings boy a toy while skateboard riding . her 
young fun lot a a a boy parking in on and have a girl skateboard . 
boy girl a on <unk> is skateboard young a . toy young a over a 
her skateboard her young . a while around flower young with <unk> shirt a boy a rides on something girl a 
a looking paper window is pad outside a in , man a hoodie of . at a 
a standing pad stand <unk> a writing . <unk> man a on is beside 
wearing writes a <unk> stands man a blue in a . and outside sweatshirt 
is . man glasses wearing drawing a 
bush . down a something man behind writing a 
a unicycle rides . man a 
sidewalk a . rides man the down unicycle on a 
wearing man black rides unicycle a a . 
down rides young a man unicycle a a . sidewalk 
teenage unicycle a a boy riding . grassy is through park 
lady cross black a a white dress carrying wearing a 
bench a men with cross lady a . a and a looking cowboy at holding on hat some 
park a men the is to few talking woman a in 
on cart a two dress woman of bench a a park pulling in in , front men seated black . a , stands 
. and hat wearing luggage carrying a a woman cowboy 
black dog running . the and a in brown grass furry is 
and black grassy a a running dog brown through field 
. frolics large dog a in grass the 
grass and . brown long a through black dog the runs haired 
dog on open black mouth grass with running green . 
a snow running hill down covered a dog 
dog through running . a snow 
hill dog . across the bounds a golden snow-covered 
is a . the white running dog through snow 
snow white running through dog a the 
nearby a is group splashing in a deep kids . formation rock water of 
water in play kids the 
play in the children water . many 
kids splash water six in 
in playing water and . natural around six splashing are shirtless children 
a on jumping child rope sidewalk blond . a 
sidewalk parking rope . garage near girl a on a a jumping 
to sidewalk garage girl the . a with jumping a parking a left rope on 
girl rope a sidewalk on . jumps a 
small jumping . rope girl a 
dog snow up brown in a to its . is knees 
. brown a snow dog in the plays 
in the dog plays snow a . 
. digs snow tail dog a grey with a <unk> in 
is snow playing the large in deep dog a gray . 
dog black , obstacle a is and a on course white brown . 
a dog climbs black down ramp a 
obstacle a running course in a is an and down yellow . ramp black dog 
ramp black . down dog a walks a 
and dog . black down the ramp the ran white 
an with skating is on <unk> ramp man a a <unk> 
doing a skateboarder ramp a a on trick 
does up rides trick midair in a a skateboard . and the ramp 
the trick off skateboarder a ramp a . performing is 
skateboarder pipe off . the a launches <unk> 
a in on , a the paddle swim . trunks beach hits a man while with ball 
the the beach is beside a ocean a . ball batting man on 
paddle muscular ball beach in trunks swim man on plays a the 
on paddle a in the holding a beach man suit bathing 
on . shore is man with standing a hitting a paddle ball the the 
shirt smiles man hardhat . orange a in blue and a an 
smiling a . man his with on head helmet a 
wearing and a man sunglasses . smiles a helmet 
wearing and shirt an a . orange man helmet 
helmet man orange a . a blue with and shirt 
kneels in . in front a white a suit in woman a man of dress a grey 
. man <unk> a lady <unk> for is a a 
a a <unk> putting . a on woman man 
a in while man woman <unk> a a belt <unk> her is chair sitting 
during man <unk> wedding <unk> 
a into boy woman walk . ocean and a the 
child they . while 's waves hand naked woman holds <unk> in <unk> a stand ocean the 
naked wade woman a into a child and the ocean . 
the holds baby a a and . woman walks 's in water hand 
naked in of bottoms baby stands hand holding in a the . the surf a woman bikini 
group together sled harness in of a . dogs in standing is snow the 
four dogs in playing snow the . 
the snow are four together snow in dogs . pulled 
sled , . in one dogs barking of pack snow the 
setting <unk> together several dogs a winter in . 
at and distance something brown into staring the a black dog off 
black tan , . and dog , jumps camera at brown a the 
dog running grass brown . tall a through 
in at crouches dog camera to . plants look 
dog . the through running is the white bushes black and 
a rock man climbing face a 
climbs a rock . a man up 
. a blue man rock is wearing climbing helmet a 
a scaling a climber wall rock . stone 
the rock wearing helmet man climbing blue the a . is 
snow are the on children trampoline a in . playing 
children on a jumping trampoline . 
five a while jump snow large trampoline children . outside the <unk> on 
a trampoline area covered four in . , on children a snow 
on snow jumping . a in the and several trampoline children 
while big its through <unk> black teeth snow the . running dog a 
the is a running black dog through snow . 
running a . black through dog snow the is 
runs of . snow out a tongue an across his <unk> mouth with open and black dog 
dog black runs . snow through 
guy dog . a a attacking 
man . to a the is ground dog who a falling biting 
a wearing dog a yellow and a man is and up is at who blue . jacket jeans large jumping 
. german being <unk> a a shepherd by man is 
jacket onto a in man . dog yellow jumping a 
a up . snow bundled over walking is toddler 
. the walks girl a snow pink a little hat in in 
a bushes around in little playing . snow kid and the 
the trots girl snow small through a . 
pink little makes tracks girl coat blue snow in and the . hat in 
a fisherman a field in a lake . near 
bag . small a grassy a yellow carrying hat a water , pole body area a near a fishing in , a walks person in and of 
person a in walking a . a pole hat yellow is the across grass carrying long 
hat water holding yellow a person pole a grass fishing with in a by the 
man of field grass stick green holding . in 
and <unk> 's are woman eyes . boy over placing red girl a a a 
a a and boy blindfolded . by girl is young girl 
. by boy a a being person and blindfolded girl a 
, is three . kids play blindfolded one 
children teenage are is who a . two with blindfolded young playing girl 
soccer little kicks in the ball a park boy a . 
background in . the girl kicking soccer a boy ball a young with a young 
shorts boy jean soccer little . kicks the in the ball 
looking a tree by is little little ball boy girl the sitting from the kicking soccer the . away 
ball <unk> young with soccer in young background kicking jacket boy girl . in 
looks pants through part of is walking what a <unk> a . khaki a man like red and jacket in 
a , in top backpack . sleeved walks and , wearing long a , jeans desert a and hooded a man 
is black with a . person a red jacket near backpack wall rocky a and a hooded walking 
at red looks desert man wearing on 
there hiker a to in the his back with his <unk> of middle the backpack showing , lone a camera is . 
scarf in with fur girl and is a a next coat brown to . in girl hair eyes a a standing <unk> dark blue 
asian and in people boy smiling asian girl an a are crowd an of . 
<unk> crowd . in girls the the 
. dark in girls two crowd are haired a 
are in standing past different a crowd looking while other two . directions each girls in 
jacket in the skis woman a a yellow . snow in 
white . in is woman wearing a snow coat skiing the yellow a 
down a . a skis wearing yellow jacket a snowy hill woman 
woman <unk> . a on skis jacket yellow a wearing 
a is <unk> the who . woman camera poses for 
walking 3 a a <unk> street . sunny man along 
man a beach group the <unk> . walks on a of 
trees street with white spots with walks three dogs a . palm down man a 
lined <unk> street three along <unk> a walking man . 
street this his along tree-lined dogs . <unk> takes three with man the 
in coffee a wearing haired black <unk> a her with woman hand coat 
in her <unk> a on holds look of her a with <unk> drink her <unk> . girl face 
a cream ice of black cup in . a holding woman 
holding is . cup woman this and black dressed in a 
with woman blurry with background urban . in beverage black , 
is water in a swimming . the brown dog 
for dog in stick swimming water brown a . the a 
. a in swims dog water the 
swims stick dog a toward a 
the the in . is dog brown water paddling large 
group snow look while standing of at in . other each the a dogs 
three . field face with to come other face a snowy each in dogs 
in dogs . the snow three 
dogs snow meet . three the in 
snow three . dogs in playing the 
dog and is on black a man a sitting . brown 
and over a grass man stands the . dog in black brown a 
on black dog a man 's white shirt back jumping a a and wearing 
with an trainer attack dog working is his . 
and grass of dog standing dry field on a man running a . a 
green alley a end the . in the his is of jumping in bowling a shirt a with at boy arms air 
a of green shirt a in boy at front jumping a . is a wearing lane bowling alley 
the in child . bowling a alley at jumps a air 
shirt and a with about boy mohawk green excited is a . bowling young 
alley young a a boy at with bowling mohawk jumping a 
sunset game a at soccer 
the a played sets . soccer game sun as being 
sports field beneath sky clouds pink with players blue green with 
during a playing sunset soccer on people field soccer 
. a a field players distance soccer on from 
head boy a <unk> . potato wears <unk> 
glasses too teeth and small plastic boy for toy green wears a much plastic . toy which are him 
. child pieces their toy over placed with and is eyes a posing mouth 
glasses head mouth little boy <unk> a . and <unk> wears 
wearing <unk> teeth and . potato head boy a glasses young 
grey . a brown man wearing <unk> stone a dark-haired is wall shirt a 
a man to on rock holding wall a 
a a climbing . rock man scales wall 
wall a struggles a climb to man rock . 
wall a rock glasses with climbing man a . 
's a child game as throws up him . flying in his like during <unk> the a he mom air 
a a boy air woman the throwing in white into is . 
playfully the tossing a woman air a . is in small child 
toddler a tosses . the air woman a in 
his . tossed mother by air being child enjoys in the the 
rollerblades path down a on . a man park glides 
man down path . a community a rollerblading an through active 
in rollerblades park . man a a 
white rollerskating is on building of the in cap the front red man the . in a path 
red a and man is the , shirt tan blue in , hat . rollerblading pants 
golden and beagle in a retriever a wrestling the grass 
grass wrestling in are dogs the . two 
green the playing puppies grass are . two in 
two in grass puppies around the playing 
play the two grass in puppies 
dog above a air grass in . the two a next purple frisbee and white brown 
air trying dog jumping is purple the catch brown . to whilst a a in frisbee 
is catch . dog a a to frisbee jumping 
disc to . flying jumps catch dog a a 
frisbee purple a . dog catch to jumps the 
hides inside massive child cave <unk> <unk> of . by a snow a 
a . snow snowsuit girl peeks cave out a of a in 
tunnel girl snow a in is a . 
cave a girls a snow laying in young is 
been out girl has <unk> purple hole a . snow jacket the of that in laying in the is the 
on on wall talking a the is phone while sitting a girl 
blue on front the a ocean in curb a to in of sits . railings next blue woman 
on phone a pier with on while railings a the relaxes woman . 
water on woman cellphone talking a near a . 
a in a front cellphone are talks railings . on the of blue woman sitting while that ocean of in front 
brown . dry dog himself shakes a 
shakes <unk> water pond brown dog a off . natural after a 
dog water shaking off a brown . 
the out after of a dog shakes water off getting . 
its gray is . a water body from shaking dog 
a boy screams . 
a boy party a at , young . <unk> dancing 
on his moves a floor a off dance dance red boy . jeans in young shows 
a . floor wide on young his stands a open with mouth boy 
his boy mouth open the has 
holding camera a . onto a the smiling at camera woman 
camera a setting up hat jacket a red blue . blue and and with woman on a a tripod 
tripod camera another woman a with smiling on camera a a is for . 
. at a photo shoot people 
front is . women of in the in woman a operating two blue camera other 
into are equipment looking people three . <unk> 
looking into women . three are camera a 
by lot . two a a operating parking in laptop person third camera to are a standing with connected women a 
women on <unk> a two <unk> set movie 
pictures women <unk> they <unk> two . 
dancing girls in a front . of of couple three musicians 
dresses by dance hats in . the played to boys three music girls and background in 
hats dance three . girls band for <unk> a in 
stage straw and on wear a . girls three dance hats 
. three are girls young dancing hats in 
in coat a and a brown walks on . street tie man a green 
jacket a suit a and in man 
and a tie an , in older man suit overcoat 
man . an older standing 
, the , tie suit in older . street and , walks through man overcoat a 
<unk> of on a child . path crowded to a body adult water surrounding is an 
woman <unk> child a in to bends jacket her over yellow to . a 
a leans speak a to down child backpack a woman with young . wearing 
with . parents children the park their at 
. on ground yellow bending over crouching the boy woman in shirt 
looks bed on gray and a and brown a a white black sits dog at . and dog 
and white a on dog . fighting next to black a bed brown puddle grey another and 
and and dog brown dog gray sheet black with . brown on white 
the are the . dogs bed playing on 
on play together bed two the dogs . 
. wearing sunglasses passing a window is by leather dark a jacket black man and a 
down looking is . a man 
a white wearing and a shirt leather coat man . a 
sunglasses in and jacket staring man black . leather <unk> 
down in man sunglasses jacket and looking leather 
<unk> . child plays a 
a bat a swinging is at . ball a boy little 
. off boy a a tee baseball at young of singing large a 
young large a bat . swings at a a baseball boy 
blue playing is little a boy the wearing . shirt baseball and 
in a mid-jump dog black his catching a . toy mouth in caught 
. dog in its mouth black a the holding air while an through flies object 
to toy black a jumps air . in the dog a catch 
in black its toy black running a dog with and a . mouth white 
a dog day its in with very a <unk> . something on is field mouth in 
climb a up a . man mountain snowy 
a . man holds gear climbing a rope in ice 
a a . huge on rope , holding man snow of chunk a 
attached . winter a snowy a is and rope man over to his ledge climbing waist hardhat wearing a a using clothes 
a following a is through mountaineer a trail snowy . rope 
station a in a busy subway people crowd are of . gathered 
subway a a of people in crowd 
subway a crowd a , waiting for . stands 
for a waiting . on street crowd train main platform subway 
the subway people of group catch waiting to 
a is tree blue . flip air shorts wearing a under the back a doing boy in 
flip . a man a doing in midair 
wall young a a of . concrete jumping off man a back flip 
air man flipping in blue with the . pants 
of a . wearing in midst boy blue pants the back the is flip 
a . a girl link climbing chain fence 
climbs a little girl fence . a 
child a . small wire fence from a hangs 
the fence chain is . link girl a climbing young 
climbing . child link fence on a chain young 
. the at camera a holding tube smiling boy and a 
a child in blue dressed . laughs 
. smiling shirt a a blue in child 
. holding of young smiles boy while tube a a <unk> 
what hand about . 's shirt his blue in child in smiles 
dog . bird a its dog with stuffed a another it chasing black in running mouth and 
dog are a playing stuffed toy black brown . with <unk> a and 
runs while brown in dog toy it a chases a mouth duck a dog with its through black snow 
being toy chased another by running dog pet . with dog 
being in dog by . while holding a the mouth dog a brown toy black is his chased small 
open dog stands . a smaller its over who mouth dog a has large 
larger black a small brown dog a black and <unk> brown dog and . at 
. dogs at brown each looking other and black two 
two carpet black . on play dogs 
the rottweiler . barking at smaller two larger one , indoors the dogs 
jumping has broken a that dog ball a is playing . with 
black a dog for ball yellow and a jumps . 
catch a a field to ball dog . in large a jumps 
in park a playing dog a 
behind dog ball office with large building a with it a plays a . 
patches black with . dog in of brown dog brown a a a field and with white grassy 
. space dog facing dog brown is an outdoor black in a open a 
dirt of field . grass in dogs and standing are a two 
field grass in each <unk> two a snowy dogs . other 
field grassy two . a dogs in 
a front a street store in , standing man . money a of and band holding 
man dollar band a posing a a holds street while front of <unk> . face in in front his of 
money . in a holds man air the 
money store a his a green a outside is . in front standing jacket holding some in of man face 
in , of a face dollar sweatshirt 2 standing front his instruments blue wearing and sidewalk up playing african-american a vest on . men <unk> of green busy while man a front holding of in is group an 
is . backwards a bed girl little falling onto a 
young on girl . bed a jumps a 
the standing happily young is the . girl inside house 
. bed a control play children on with <unk> the two 
young another . blond bed falls back blue while girl in looks on on jeans child 
boy uniform a the ball and in with kicking black players other nearby soccer . white 
kicking soccer , children . of the ball one playing in the <unk> 
soccer yellow white the blue the the team dribbles boy shirt the away in from ball and . 
there young boys five soccer playing on field . and running are a soccer 
competing soccer in teams game a young . two 
is . of women , matching in which of uniforms a one speaking group 
a her the white others woman white near dressed and hat blue and blue a a . uniform mouth wearing open with on same with 
to and hat with blue woman young a uniform white . a <unk> and others same the dressed 
white in uniforms of in . <unk> women , facing blue and group profile , 
woman vest and white . a with a wearing while shirt marching white blue cap a talking 
couple . through wearing a hats guys water hard splash 
men up . rope holding <unk> onto a are water climbing two 
waterfall . <unk> a up men two 
two . soaked by waterfall are a people getting 
water over left a with from helmet man white the . a splashing 
a looks fuzzy goat holds <unk> at a in and a it boy . 
in coat creature holds a grey sea a boy a . 
looks at <unk> boy a he holding is . the 
hooded wearing jacket a holds . a a boy <unk> 
it looks gray at a wearing a child <unk> a holds sweater . and 
<unk> band a marching plays the in a flute 
a playing is flute girl . band the a in 
of flute in a a uniform red as girl part the marching black is a and band . playing 
. uniform red in is a the playing woman flute a 
band flute in . uniform playing girl marching with 
neighborhood around rides bike boy the . a a on 
. wearing and bike orange child a riding and helmet an red green is a shirt 
sunny bicycle neighborhood child . a rides a in a 
bike gear green through wearing . suburban streets boy safety rides 
green kid his bike the . the black rides street and down 
men . waterfall two climbing a athletic 
waterfall at a men face two climbing are a rock . 
two hard a a using up hats men . wearing climb shorts while rope waterfall and 
. waterfall from hanging men two a over ropes 
tethered . is water where a two ropes by men hill flowing climbing 
leans backwards <unk> holding a dressed skinny <unk> a . sword lady 
does costumed a woman sword a a with <unk> . 
backwards woman over a . bending 
woman . a dancing backwards belly over bending in outfit a 
is backward woman dance and a . holding costume a bending sword in over a 
are by running grass the three side side dogs . on 
are its one one <unk> . corgi with rottweiler three , field and in irish tennis a running dogs mouth , one ball in 
a running . in field dogs three 
three stretch a one carrying tennis dog a dogs grass is , of <unk> and . ball on 
with with the running grass on . tongues ball out dogs a three tennis 
a her the on red a snowsuit ice on back slides wearing girl . 
position side lying a . in a in is red outfit her little on girl a strange 
little in is the down on a ice red girl 
a . in mittens and girl smiling a outfit red 
the young across in a girl red . sliding snowsuit a ice 
slide child happily is the playing a on . 
child a holding of . on top to a playground slide the is 
preparing is piece child of slide down equipment a a . to playground 
ready a bundled slide up getting a toddler . all go to down 
getting slide down . ready go a to child 
sled a an of dogs pulling . wearing man a vest <unk> orange 
sled pulls unusual . a three tricycle an sled dog team 
helmet a with several man dogs carry through a . snow 
the through man , snow type pulling dogs of . on are a bike a the 
on a the three snow dogs through a man . bicycle pulling 
a grassy lays and down in . a white field brown dog 
crouching dog a near is a . the grass hurdle on 
grassy a races along track . the dog 
an tan a white is agility and competing test . dog in 
dog in the brown playing and . grass white 
a man a falls stands a gray long courtyard in overcoat as snow . in 
young trench a a a is boy holding of coat . outside bottle in building brick red a 
blue outfit man a a wearing young grey and coat . is 
squirt spraying in bottle snow person . the 
in coat a house snowing woman outside while 
a looking with a boy fishing on lake pole a down 
the into looks blue water a the over boy on little the . dock railing 
the in a pier boy a fishes at young and coat . looks red water off a down 
a with pole him a red fishing near a in stands and chair a on young pier . boy jacket 
. top over red boy by the a rod is fence fishing looking jetty the wearing the standing 
rock a . climbs boy 
shirt is man climbing a a rock without 
young a rock climbing boy . 
he rock the down face steep <unk> . the boy <unk> as 
. but the shirt vertical off with climber gear is hanging cliff no a 
man . a <unk> a climbing 
with . rock <unk> a below man climbing is 
climbs wait man a <unk> . while rock below 
are people a climbing face . rock 
underneath is man a <unk> the boulder scaling people up . large with 
black <unk> a dog white . puppies 
. white <unk> and dog a black puppies black 
a . <unk> puppies dog her 
. puppies white dog with black 
laying black puppies . the floor with on dog white 
and . city neon busy with traffic people a street lights , lots of 
a area crowd . scene downtown a in 
of a city of sidewalk a on . group the street people 
's <unk> and <unk> opposite side <unk> 's . <unk> an <unk> and of 
city a gathered <unk> people are with . on vehicles police street 
is on boy green a swing blonde in . a 
. smiling swing girl blond in hair a sitting little and a with is 
smiling while a playground a child on swing at a young . 
. swing small in leaning a back the child child is 
boy a in swing smiling toddler while 
. chases a boy chickens little 
. chases young a boy chickens 
boy chickens a some after . runs young 
several shoes young white after a wearing chickens chasing boy 
young a . child with chickens runs 
the . , some left a guitar girl playing flowers the to little 
. girl guitar little playing a bed on sitting a a 
young guitar . play black to in girl electric a room tries a a pink 
walls . girl pink by a young plays guitar 
on a girl young guitar plays her bed . electric the 
. her little up holding and sidewalk lady the walking are a and girl hands 
mother hand and american city <unk> child hand an . run in in a through 
a child street outfits up and both walking a a woman red wearing 
child the red under person in sidewalk in red coat on walking hand of holding <unk> . 
area in and girl asian red wearing little woman 
slide . a girl down a goes red 
long inside . slide girl <unk> a a 
down is . her sliding tunnel with hear wearing little a long something light-colored mouth and clothing a girl in , 
down . girl tube a slide going a young 
slide young girl tunnel in 
brown red a mouth his carries and in a toy dog black . 
attached toy with . red runs rope a beach dog on a dog the yellow a with 
beach the with mouth dog toy a . in its down trotting a 
the german toy walks its at mouth orange a beach an <unk> with shepherd . in 
. carrying piece walking a the the beach mouth rope of yellow is in dog its on 
small by dog a runs . thrown boy ball a for a 
playing a <unk> little in is the as backyard his . boy the dog snow with 
large ground alongside young on child is . snow a with brown dog walking black a and the 
dog boy are in backyard a the ground on fenced snow and . with little a playing in 
the snow the with the the in little a on . dog still are garden ground and outside boy 
a group people camera point hold the of . and at drinks 
a camera people . pointing and drinks are up to of holding group the 
young bottles a the of pointing group . and people at camera holding 
beers people photo this holding several for posing young 
at person young pointing adults the the picture stand taking . 
around many people walking are outside . 
. two a girls walking people down bigger are towards street of group the 
girls summer dresses along . street two crowded in walk and a flops flip 
on in beach 's the two <unk> . women backs 
two crowded walk street women the down . 
is running desert on path girl a . a 
a a and pink girls runs jeans . shirt wearing 
desert a the running . pink in little is in the shirt under tree the girl 
is the little down path in . the top the running girl pink 
desert through jeans runs young girl in 
on around a beach is . dog as turns he jumping a 
. dog out the jumps waves at beach of a the 
beach with foreground rocks dog in up a jumps the the . on 
a water through wet dog on beach jumping some . is a 
surf jumps . wet a in the dog 
girl flowers . in picks pink a dressed 
. flowers girl in picks pink a 
wearing pulls a weeds pink girl . 
hand in little in others her left hand while holding flowers . examining her girl a right is 
wearing picking . a is girl flowers the pink shirt 
child a . hopscotch denim playing in 
mid jump in a of . feet playing pair of hopscotch closeup while 
on the <unk> on someone a hopscotch out is <unk> ground playing . 
hopscotch playing the . kid is 
playing of legs a hopscotch . child the 
black running and . dog a outside brown 
woods running a . in and black on brown the dog trail a 
grass <unk> . dry in a the runs 
. a down a hill dog running 
forest a . with of winter in in a dog red runs the a collar middle 
boat a during a . a sunset is paddling man 
the canoe man lake his . on a paddles 
the sun rows sets . a man while boat his 
. while a a with in reaches person hat a canoe in a lake a paddle sitting on 
a , a and in with man is reflecting sun water . rowing off sitting the the boat 
female gives soccer player ride . a a a <unk> teammate 
another a woman on her exercise wearing matching back woman carrying . attire 
hugging is girl outside girl the . another 
a by is there girl being behind jacket another a girl <unk> <unk> in . from 
<unk> in other girls outfits hugging . two athletic each 
with <unk> hats black and a . red <unk> few <unk> children small black with 
five in <unk> children hats dressed and black . 
five alike girls dressed 
in black . clothes four red hats children perform and black and 
in children black robes black and and hats some , red 
grass boy . in the flip a a <unk> 
flip a on grass young the man . doing a 
cartwheels backyard . boy in doing 
does flip yard boy the grassy a . over a 
shirt doing back young in a brown flip a boy 
. dog by a a chases tree another 
on while ground jumps the . another dog a by tree a lays 
leaps while a . air another dog high in watches the 
are playing . dogs outside two 
a play by tree two dogs . 
dog a running river brown through black a and 
some through a . water is running dog 
through dog toward running a the right the water camera . 
. the black a and white large is dog water through running 
dog shallow in black is there river running . a a 
of sky a the crowd balloon air is white <unk> blue it <unk> around as . blue red a is people standing , hot to and into 
gets air balloon ready hot take of to people as <unk> crowd off a . a watch 
the people balloon surrounded off air ground by a just hot . 
in among hot field red air a a lands . balloon crowd a 
white hot the is that to blue next and , grass people on balloon air red a 
a holds goat . in his boy arms a 
animal baby a wearing blue holds boy a a smiles hood . and 
head a goat boy on a with holds his a coat 
. arms his boy wearing baby the hooded the a goat in blue holding top is 
dressed in . green baby goat young arms in holds boy 
wearing green a man holding onto baby is <unk> a in a orange jacket . an 
clothing a to being winter take is baby <unk> picture held in a . small 
winter child <unk> small by in being held is gear a adult . an 
and girl jacket a toddler man with wears stands a . a 
is the a hat clothes wearing . winter small and child 
soccer a group boys playing of . young 
referee in are . following ball a is him 6 soccer in kicking little a green boys boy and shirts 
a ball kicks a soccer while but six play are referee . as boy others young dressed 
boys on the little field soccer . play 
soccer . soccer a small kick field children ball on a 
boy in child a . <unk> a another pushes car 
on a . boy a a girl suv toy pushing 
pushes another while a him toy child one red in car 
car play a . toy on two boys 
young shaped younger the wagon in , the . a two older boys jeep pushing 
. boy climbs indoor an wall a rock climbing 
a . rock wall a climbs boy 
boy is <unk> ground a the while on boy climbing up stands older an wall a 
blue on . while boy away adult rock climbing looks a an wall 
rock . boy wall little indoor an climbing climbing 
a his climbs into boy toy . car 
a into child a climbs <unk> . 
a play climbing a . into coat blue a little boy is truck red in 
boy a small power climbs a in into jacket a blue vehicle wheels 
red car child blue wearing into coat . a climbing small a a toy 
ground the off in <unk> a a race while black . is dog 
. race a running dog a in black 
yellow a wearing . a vest running black competition a dog in 
on number six wearing jacket a greyhound a the running is on . track yellow dog a black 
race numbered midair dog a . six is 
is in log of some . middle a on a sitting the trees girl 
the woods on a little in . squats girl tree a stump 
tree sits in young on woods stump a a girl the . 
sitting blue is shorts girl a stump . the in on broken tree 
woods in is the the . sitting girl 
. trampoline over jumping a boy another on a boy 
another a jumps over boy . on trampoline a boy 
trampoline jumps over a on . boy boy another one 
little little another the the trampoline on over jumps boy . boy 
boys trampoline on two . a jumping 
line a water casting sunset man . lone a into fishing the at 
ocean man a is the at . dusk fishing in 
a rocks casting some the man is on into and fishing standing line a ocean 
, the ocean at in looks silhouette the man a seen and sunset . 
body . sunlight with water in person fishing low of large 
a a child horse rides . wooden 
toy a wooden and boy small smiles a . rides 
. wooden a a toddler is sitting and horse on smiling 
sitting a horse boy a on young blond rocky wooden . 
on a rocking is horse wooden the . child 
. in colored a and water around black dog of a jumping white body 
running white dog is river a through . brown the and 
from lake emerging . dog a a 
. creek water runs a dog and through a <unk> 
the water through dog . runs a 
a sit . big and white the dog black dog a in small snow 
dog white a little watching a black in dog the run . snow large 
in large small dog the and snow dog a a . 
watches sits snow around . him dog white black dog small and in a run a tall the 
dog looks snow a the at . a white puppy black in 
toy a in white a and black dog a rope backyard a play with 
. outside toy a and with white a playing are dog a dog black pull 
black a play and a a yellow with dog dog toy . 
in dog them . a a a their toy between dog black white mouths holding and 
a . in the dogs two backyard toy with wrestle 
foam holding for a a ball dog aiming bat brown a . 
mouth its with blue and a in a of object white front red fence . dog brown a in <unk> 
playing a and in . a red mouth is with blue brown dog his bat 
a a bat mouth plays dog . brown out with its toy hanging 
a small dog blue bat playing with . , long-haired is a 
" " sign thumbs . swimming pool the a two in gives , , a boy goggles wearing up 
up a a mask gives in two pool wearing thumbs boy a <unk> 
and thumbs goggles of . the cut <unk> water gives a pool boy a a with sign in up 
wearing giving young mask a up yellow thumbs the boy a <unk> 
two water with the . boy gives goggles up the the yellow in thumbs 
tennis a court tennis a a running on racquet child . holding 
across a runs a . parking barefoot lot <unk> child 
small concrete a surface while runs on barefoot . a boy a racket holding 
court with tennis a a shoes wet on playing young boy no . 
boy racket court . tennis running with along 
brown through the a running woods dog . 
running winter a in dog forest through time a the 
a . dog lot running of through <unk> a 
a runs wooded . through dog a area lean 
wearing through collar dog red the woods a a runs . <unk> 
snow dog through field air covered , in a . the jumping is an open 
over dog a jumps the . sand 
a . is little air over snowy leaping a through dog the field 
black snowy . dog through field jumps 
across dog there a sand . black jumping is 
a in in a crown boy is sitting . paper a basket shopping young 
a cart boy sitting young while grocery in paper wearing a crown a . is 
in with a . a crown boy cart shopping red 
and sitting crown paper cart child haired wearing while shopping in dark jacket . 
wearing crown cart . paper shopping kid in a a sitting 
sits animal little picture girl a on a while woman a <unk> playground her takes . 
a child a and woman . 
on tiger a . a little girl a woman coat fake photograph taking checked of a a sitting in is 
a who . toy a is stands next a child woman riding to on 
. the a picture the little girl ride on takes the of lady 
side , the <unk> the of on dog sniffs dog <unk> wall is , and one fountain . a a being another 
dogs street brick . a on around walking several are 
a dogs road cobblestone on three are . 
together outdoors . are three checking out dogs fountain a 
walk dogs fountain . three the near 
of in paper group toilet a with grass children playing young the 
four cover . to toilet fun having children paper outside other in each trying 
<unk> play toilet paper having fight . in kids 
the toilet paper some played three grass the young with children in . 
children young in of paper a pile . toilet playing 
sitting . group a table at people of a 
stands a and desk . , the man a sit at another a woman man behind first man 
three . at adults work 
an and men office a woman two in . 
two seated wearing men . <unk> black looks woman behind while a them smile 
girl . towards and water ducks some the a walk 
a of ducks top is cliff at a . the girl behind two little the ocean <unk> overlooking 
a a to behind water person trails the lake some . on ducks 
a after woman two walks ocean geese near . the 
girl the water with cliff on overlooking . ducks two 
. jacket a green a trail on a walks wearing fence a side metal blond along girl 
a girl in green a coat rural down road a walks a playing flute 
field young a a in fenced a girl flute walking parka a while in . by playing 
. jacket blue walking enclosed and an green in past field girl 
. as fence she rural girl area flute by in walks playing 
a . some dog jumps water over 
across a a dog tan stream jumping 
a dog another jumps . while water tan across some dog watches 
. over water stream of the jumps white dog a 
across body dog white of a small water . leaping 
a distance int and with looks warm hat a . glasses other lady 
elderly jacket and <unk> . woman white a in cap an 
and sits wear and chair winter woman hat in coat elderly an . a a 
woman a wearing . hat and blue on sitting is old glasses ski chair a an 
knit woman a wearing white jacket a cap and decorated an <unk> old 
swing sits a a . blonde a tire brown on boy jacket in 
. a blonde tire swing a riding child 
a swing haired on tire swinging . a blonde child is 
blonde . on tire toddler swinging a a swing haired 
little boy swing tire fast . in swinging 
tan black . dog wrestle and dog a a 
the and grass is top on of a at a in doberman growling a wearing . tan collar dog 
grass the black green wrestles brown dog with a and white . on dog a 
dog a dog and play with white and tan fighting tan . black 
fun fight lawn a grassy two dogs either . wrestle on or in 
area a light a brown is dog with <unk> in colored in brown dog fenced playing . ball colored a 
by object is with fence <unk> mouth nearby a its an dog in . another one dog 
but brown fenced a brown and yard two grassy white . dogs running on 
each facing two dogs are . other 
. an outdoor around enclosure two run in dogs 
at black the in a . <unk> man smiles camera a 
a a . a hat in man posing for picture 
in older man an <unk> slightly for a the <unk> camera . smiles 
big blue with old hat a man wears an eyes . black 
a beige hat wearing sunglasses and hanging shirt , his a off the shirt the black man . is has 
. the 's a dog edge runs water by 
and canal reflection a his a dog on water walking is the . along 
running dog tan a along river a . is 
brown dog . a a white stream a dog by are and 
the of edge near water dogs . 
. on playing are the children a at swings park 
set . at playing a a swing on children park 
children playing park swings . on a seven are in 
six two children . adults playing or swing set on a and near 
children other park . children swing at on one two a with 
a the pants is shirt next girl sand and a white boy the blue ocean orange shirt to hat an a . next red in to standing in and with 
child hats and wearing play a ocean the by <unk> , each . a , 
. woman boy playing on a beach and a 
the towards beach on are ocean children two running . a 
on . two the beach children 
a dressed hand in dress . dot an walking while polka red girl a adults holds out 
and mouse a woman a outfit dressed down girl an . sidewalk older in walking young <unk> the 
red . in is <unk> the girl skirt woman the with the of hand holding little the dress the 
a two road indian down . walk women 
costume . dress in area girl woman with red headscarf through urban and walk 
a night at boat is . <unk> 
the ship a on large water dusk at . 
a sitting the is the . hit overlooking boat man end on of water 
and ship front a is sits lit deck the distance of up the a on person a another and city . <unk> in 
with night ship a at city behind skyline . in a a harbor 
at a of couple fence a to . next water a looking body standing 
his the man across way looks water a hugging <unk> . 
as with the at arms the is man . they look the standing canal around his woman 
standing people canal to . two are a waterway next 
of day the people body during water a two overlook . 
a red . the slides boy jacket down in ice a 
boy knees down hat in a hill a snowy a sliding on jacket his <unk> and red 
slides parka a a red in . a down hill child snowy 
sliding . the snow in child 
the little sliding snow a jacket boy red . in in 
looking a a closeup . of at in glasses the man camera 
guy . glasses a wearing 
in glasses . man a background blurry a in stands with a of front suit 
and glasses with <unk> a a shirt man blue in 
wearing suit a a man glasses . and 
a yellow is brown-haired shirt pink to carrying and backpack a and a next blue a wearing blue girl wall , . walking 
a a a a wearing backpack wall purse beside tarp blue girl . and 
blue by a wall a girl . her to on way class construction lined 
backpack walking plastic a wearing blue beside a blue fence a . girl is 
walking backpack is blue . girl a with a to cover blue next a a fence a plastic covered wearing with yellow shirt young 
party of a at group a are people . <unk> <unk> 
at camera grins and . a red lady the party costume at black a in 
a hair is <unk> at a in domino woman and a mask party . 
crowded a dance dress black mask a is in woman floor and a red on 
and her . dress behind dance while people mask wears a a woman red black a 
swimming through dog black river a a . 
through black a the water dog . swims 
swimming dog in . black water 
. gets it plays the black water the soaked in as dog 
the water . dog swimming is in the 
the racing greyhound bend in around are a track the dogs running . 
a . track racing there are dogs around muddy three 
dog in three turn a . making a are dogs race 
the a racetrack dogs of wearing round muzzles three greyhound . corner 
track . a around racing corner greyhounds three the of 
<unk> playing . snow in blonde the a woman 
next fence in shoes a woman to standing horse a jacket playing . is a 
outside a . <unk> woman a throws 
in grey a a is by brown hoodie . on snowy lady day <unk> a a fence 
holding woman each hand <unk> standing outside . in a 
. a runs outside yellow a toy dog with 
a toy . white a dog fetching yellow 
. a white in on a a its grassy is dog carrying running yellow mouth object path 
while with runs blue yellow collar a a dog toy carrying white a . 
his yellow in a dog . trail toy white a with mouth towards the through runs a nature camera 
man and runs a in hat splashing . small nearby dressed and walk a a purple in boy clothing a child water while 
through a on wearing splashing runs red man in looks purple . water a child while 
fountain of a playing a spray family . the 
as . they two man toddlers <unk> get fountain <unk> a and an pass 
through water purple girl young a running wearing 
water the boy a steps lead standing <unk> to open the on is that down . 
boy an of <unk> front a face in " bay making a " . ! 
with posing the camera is child funny . by the a by water for a 
of front water a the a in face funny making kid 
ocean standing of on some young . a is the boy steps front in 
running snow a . wearing the dog cape through a is 
a runs dog in wearing the . a snow cover 
running dog in through snow jacket 
in though running dog snow cover a green the . 
in coat field . dog a wearing a running snowy 
and brown wearing next in boy shirt a hat a . on girl sits to a of box store front a a 
sunglasses a with do friend <unk> and a her smiles background . <unk> as they with girl the in 
outdoor an . teenagers smile table from some 
are . smiles young sitting two with ladies on <unk> big <unk> 
the towards two . seated girls the camera smile 
pictures beach the nearby takes a a on child while . woman 
. at in a the red camera points while adult girl beach little a a 
takes a picture man <unk> at a the girl and man while are a girl the a the doll shoreline and 
beach a woman a foreground edge taking . photograph while water the of on a the the girl stands a in at is 
and child woman of a a in the taking surf pictures . the foreground 
kids and a goat a two chase playing . dog soccer 
in field outside two a . ball kids soccer and a goat a , , a are dog there 
run two boys soccer a after . a them while goat dog and play 
are black dog playing and goat white children . a a soccer to two near 
and dog small . white field goat playing with ball a a a are black soccer in two also containing a grassy children 
blue air shirt wearing the a black jumping a is in dog 
shirt through wearing the dog is and a running blue . a air jumping 
runs with dog a the blue a through blanket grass . 
muzzle runs with jacket and a yard the . dog a blue around 
the jacket black greyhound a is wearing grass dog . on running blue the 
being up the . in gives a two boy snow thumbs 
. a sitting boy snow the giving sign a in <unk> , 
up sits a gives . as little the a boy snow he in thumbs 
child snow thumbs a giving two in small a coat up . blue <unk> the white 
camera sitting the boy up snow little . two on thumbs gives 
tennis about a air to female . ball player tennis the <unk> a hit in 
a with in a <unk> woman tennis a racket is her blue tennis hit dressed outfit 
a in tennis woman a match . blue in ball a hits tennis 
playing a tennis woman . 
playing ball tennis the and hitting . woman 
steps large people walking in pink red and down 
walk steps people down . 
descending . of gray a steps set two people 
two down walking some . stairs people 
two women <unk> the <unk> railings stairs down with some on walk 
. <unk> and riding a jeans a boy green a blue in shirt 
is a in riding <unk> boy on t-shirt a green a 
a scooter rides crowded city a <unk> a through boy plaza . 
two kid handles holding on object wheeled 
wheels a child in with the is on the green . shirt machine 
person course while dog obstacle through goes a looks an . on a 
obstacle slalom going a dog course . through is a style 
a . while the along performs dog <unk> walks a side obstacle owner 
dog by man a a around plays with running poles . 
training . <unk> poles woman to a through dog metal is white the 
policeman a crowd metal is dog walking by with bald control german shepherd barrier . a a 
of . in of an front <unk> and are people dog a walking officer 
next to policeman his german is shepherd . a 
dog brown large away from walks black . policeman a a with and gate a 
with the walks shepherd policeman . his german 
its a dog blond the stick a mouth in . grass holding runs in 
in golden in . jumps around while colored its holding dog mouth the a grass stick a 
a stick a . mouth dog carrying tan pale its is in outside 
in running stick a his mouth a the dog small with in grass tan 
garden lying low in over area a cut tan carrying a a . dog a hose stick runs grassy 
a <unk> . <unk> <unk> 
is <unk> sitting . a of man in monument front a 
. statue stands man of a in front a 
a <unk> at a <unk> . person 
<unk> <unk> . before <unk> statue 
sprays uniform hardhat in and orange hose wears an a water white a . man a construction 
a in suit safety orange water man . spraying an 
workers public sprays water man uniform in a a road . 
man is hose uniform working wearing orange an . a outside a with 
a water . the in work is using uniform man the hose 
body in looking is yellow the a shirt child water a . at of 
a bridge of lake and group a on a people near . 
pond edge a in walks shirt little of . a yellow boy a near the 
young a pond the boy runs for . 
child water in walking to on and the 's of bridge water edge <unk> people 
and brown in a . red pants a is girl shirt skating 
in rollerblading public a woman is 
is park . skating in the the woman 
. rollerblading and woman grey shirt in on surface red cap white 
on <unk> a street rollerblading , brown woman hat . in wearing the and front , building a sweater red white of yellow a 
a on scooter red child a . playing 
is plastic . scooter toddler riding a a 
plastic a toddler on scooter a . toy 
the young scooter . a a child sidewalk 3 wheeled down is riding 
scooter a a young on . child three-wheeled 
in , the waves a man parasails 
rides . large a man a on sail waves wind 
a ocean in . windsurfs the man 
of person a . the on a wave parasails <unk> 
the a in waves ocean windsurfer the . of 
a is costume bike a a boy sitting . on in 
bike a . dragon a costume on a in child 
bike child in a rides a wearing costume . winter a 
a wearing little dragon bike costume on boy 
wearing dragon bike sits boy young costume on a . his a 
sign a him pole funny is grocery two man . , carries the a of by bags near man a 
an intersection walking . a and bags dressed man shopping and brown towards carrying hat <unk> a is coat in 
. carrying crosswalk nearby bags and roadway man a <unk> an is 
man a a grocery with cap of past poster a a person down street bags a in two <unk> . <unk> carries city 
button walk of has <unk> <unk> do face a on . the stuck <unk> marx walk 
girl dress blue walks next a dress . in a a a white to girl in 
a dress a a blue a onstage . in white in dress woman and woman 
smiles makeup and . with girl young jewelry a 
stars in in standing white with blonde top blue brunette beside stars with woman top . girl 
wearing . event teenage two fancy an dresses girls at are 
. down small blue going slide a boy a 
kid down while on a a kid another looks sliding slide 
boy down blue going . slide is a little a 
on is . a a another blue watching boy slide little ride little boy 
play a in boys two the on little . blonde backyard slide 
to rocks fight dogs two next 
. rocky dogs setting a in wrestle two playfully 
to two dogs next playing . rocks 
dry play the on dogs . ground two 
face 's <unk> the each . in shade other dogs two sit and 
dog a black . and in a snow dog brown 
the dogs snow the . in play small 
. dogs the puppy long-haired have in romp snow a two 
in the <unk> snow dogs . playing two 
playing snow . small together in two the dogs 
and the snow in dogs two fighting white black 
their dogs bearing . at each in the two other snow teeth 
. the fight in two dogs snow 
. they coloring the bite with two like each look same other face are going the dogs in to 
deep . dogs white snow brown furry the in are two fighting 
plays boy basketball . a 
basketball boy a bouncing shorts of blue wearing net front in the is . a 
little toy a basketball with boy . plays a hoop a and basketball 
boy playing in grass basketball little the 
the in <unk> the child blue basketball . the shorts 
in in children suits playing swimming water . 
water playing are kids fountains in 
with around suits them splashing . water in kids bathing 
. park playing two water at children are a 
play the . young sprinkler in children 
a waterfall hiking in girl a front of 
hiker walking carrying a . a a backpack waterfall is past 
walking waterfall with . a a hiker a backpack is near 
a person waterfall crosses of front stream . in a the 
through a . woman waterfall a in is backpacking stream of front a 
white dog tongue . its and with walking out black a is 
. tree dog standing of on <unk> front a a in a is 
dog woods . standing in a pants the while 
grassy tongue brown in front dog forest cream out of with and 
with out and woods the tongue hanging front in of brown dog its stands the white . 
event on one a next with glasses . , at hooded table large to women it seated 
at people shopping an marketplace outdoor . 
out of somthing three look at . women frame <unk> in 
two them woman a together black behind while person wearing shoes stand sits . 
two of coats sitting the . a box on women in front black on a person in standing ground 
. climbs a a boat boy a on <unk> 
a boy <unk> climbs . a sailboat 
. wearing boy a climbs a climbing gear pole wooden by 
a small large child pole near climbs a ropes . <unk> 
climbing is the . rope ladder up boy a 
in riding a unicycle . boy a park the 
riding cones . a around a person is orange unicycle 
unicycle a person . riding a large 
foreground . the rider background with unicycle other a cyclists in in the 
unicycle a a young rides helmet . a person wearing 
a dog owner . its run a and takes 
large dog a black walking a in . woman with sweatshirt hooded a 
on walking with sweatshirt is a woman a a black dog a dock . wet in 
path walks wooden . a a dog woman down a 
t-shirt girl the with large a is the brown . with out dog black 
two runs by a cows dog . 
brown front cows in dog of is two a playing light spotted . 
dog cows herding 
white . dog cows two of front brown and running in 
both them a races . of two while dog past stand cows nearby 
brown outside running a . is dog 
brown runs a field a . dog in 
dog while brown a sides runs in a to ears its the . field fly 
short running toward dog with the grey a hair . camera 
with ears open mouth . in air running brown dog and 
. swampy <unk> dog with tall running is black a a through area 
field the a in rain dog through large runs . a 
the in through . black rain runs field dog 
the field runs through the dog . 
runs dog through the the marsh . <unk> 
chasing dog a a duck . toy 
across runs dog get to his a grass toy . the 
. at the toy barks the dog 
a the chasing is toy colored outdoors light after dog . 
chasing white yellow . a toy dog 
is the a baby basket floor surrounded . sitting on <unk> and by 
floor baby on <unk> the a on <unk> . with a an floor and basket 
basket near an <unk> a of baby plays <unk> . 
a <unk> floor with toddler around . sits spread the 
the of by sitting the baby middle <unk> young a in surrounded floor clean 
running dirt dog brown a is . path on a 
dirt a down dog . a running is path 
retriever running golden a 
path down yellow a a . dog running sandy 
the yellow running . on is dirt dog the road 
a running water into white dog brown and the 
running and water . brown a towards dog through toy a white 
a a . frisbee ocean as chases brown running into purple is dog the it 
water the a . dog in splashing 
. ocean the dog into out runs the 
on young boy the one striped . a shirt jungle in boy a is another through chasing path 
the by are on path walking the trees . children lined 
are <unk> boys on two running . green path trees a leafy 
. well a trail run boys two <unk> on 
, . children two pathway one top , young down <unk> in by running surrounded striped 
grassy running is in . a a plain dog brown 
runs a . along the dog path a in brown grass 
field running in dog 
dirt narrow path dog . running on 
has the made grass dog through running along been that . a the uncut path is 
a a playground child . plays at 
the a tube of boy each , stands on foot little . each slide <unk> side 
is standing a little shirt a slide . on boy red wearing a 
a a in climbing playhouse young boy 
boy equipment playground on 
with on . dog is the their a beach family playing 
a runs black-and-white dog . people a on from fluffy three beach sandy 
shaggy front dog runs on the of people a beach three in . 
several black beach people the dog small the in and white a background running with on 
people three with background in foreground in dog . 
drive car through wheel . mud four driving the a is 
a gets hole stuck a muddy truck in . monster 
an of ditch attempts . out to a get atv 
a climbs . muddy truck hill a 
the . the truck mud in stuck be appears to 
<unk> a . a baby in truck boy and a 
child a vehicle in riding . 's two children toy small 
. their are jeep boys past adults two little driving toy in 
a two toy truck boys little in ride . 
little car grass on two boys . toy the a in sit 
through woods the . brown dog a running and black is 
the dog through woods brown black . a and runs 
running dog the . woods a through 
through dog runs . woods the a 
with area camera brown wooded open in a running mouth toward . dog 
side a truck truck its is on event during . that in a a is man lying 
track is a dirt car <unk> a white red . and on 
over rolled car . has a track a dirt red on 
side the on its lying . the vehicle driver inside with is 
. <unk> <unk> this his driver truck has 
path in white hiking woodland . is shirt black shorts man a a a and on bearded 
. shirt a in a is a in woods the man trail standing on white 
wearing water shorts an a trail outdoor and man pack on a . 
a backpack a with a is short man forest <unk> standing in 
man shorts wearing path , and forest this a . standing , black is t-shirt white on the in a 
umbrellas ceremony rain children the are in holding watching three and the the . 
rain children in colorful with . stand three umbrellas the 
three their to . holding umbrellas girls with the camera backs 
three . before girls under stand stage umbrellas a 
take umbrellas their cover . under three girls 
to out paw another holds a . dog bay keep at dog its big 
a large off . smaller a dog <unk> dog 
large plays on grass two dogs smaller with . dog 
with the great dogs in and grass . <unk> brown white the yellow plays two 
tail two larger dog are white a in field a smaller one puffy with dogs . and playing 
. from dog another a jumping dog 
is the to standing the jumping in it . one dog next air is other and 
jumping around the dogs are two . 
are playing two dogs . 
are dogs white large two brown . playing area a and in grassy 
back on apron a dachshund has . its miniature an 
grass and a running small green wearing a the . coat dog is brown across purple 
cape wearing and purple green a a dog small 
cape , brown dog runs with . purple , on grass and green 
wearing cape the a is purple dog . 
girl his and , a cellphone looking . a a using at , girl laptop boy another 
and people building . sit a group a against use <unk> of 
street a three . near sit people 
a bench on in . three of people sitting store a front 
three <unk> <unk> outside electronic sit . and people young with 
shirt orange him graffiti a lot wall on the a . with runs boy in behind across parking an 
the boy . running in street a jersey wearing is red a 
in runs he is young . orange boy shirt scene an smiling a city as a in 
graffiti young in a blue red boy runs and a . by shorts shirt 
sidewalk the running in with on a a young background graffiti man 
a is white black onto in biting the dog water . and a stick 
in . stick white its dog black a a and swimming mouth with 
with water swimming stick a a in the dog in its mouth 
stick a swims dog retrieving . a 
the is water white dog from this stick retrieving a and black . 
a . white leaps dog brown and 
a jumping mound dog over is to . grassy brown lake near a a 
behind <unk> , bale corgi off and hay . a water buildings it of jumps a 
dog a hay over . jumps 
hay a small white dog of . over brown and jumping <unk> is 
points red a in a jacket at tulips . red boy 
red pointing to <unk> in is . boy a red a 
a flowers orange child at in pointing is . beautiful jacket red a 
child red red a in shirt tulips at is <unk> . a pointing the 
the jacket in is flowers red looking the child the at . 
. game football a 
player football oklahoma standing a 
just . beginning during a game a football play 
players football game football a . playing 
player football in plays number sooners game . <unk> a 
football a his opponent from tackle player a <unk> . 
in player . blue player football football in chases red a a 
football another in ball red . player is has tackle trying to the who player a 
player wears the a " number it <unk> on . football 4 " jersey a 
helmet is in gold . the player football the running 
<unk> a . football coach looking 
football a headset . coach a holds 
of at white game white a a <unk> a shirt field man headphones holding a in a hat . with pair 
along a is stadium in man shirt <unk> . <unk> a headset sports carrying device a white wearing the a 
in shirt and field man sports device near holding electronic polo <unk> a 
of in on runs the a the front ball football man carrying the <unk> . field 
at football professional a game a . <unk> the runs with man or 
a an is making ball . purple with american in white strip a run and footballer the 
runs . football with the ball <unk> player a 
with the . runs across field the ball player the football 
a coach . game at a 
for a headphones his game game a to watches coach and the . listens 
. sidelines wearing a a of hat coach and shirt on white the game a 
watches play . coach a being made a football 
a . wearing wearing at a a <unk> man <unk> an shirt game is white 
wearing red a red on crowd the , . cheers football team 
red each football other red <unk> crowds in in behind cheer as . players 
game . fans oklahoma their while the sooners cheer team football <unk> 
talk players . during two game a football 
on two . <unk> talk oklahoma football <unk> the players 
is college in being a . game tackled a there player 
jerseys the in and pants players white in the the football tackle purple player red jersey . two 
three football football during football red are player game . tackling a a players uniformed 
in uniform red three to in a tackle player a players uniforms purple football . try 
football the . a to tackle of try player team opposite two players 
cheers a and cheerleader dressed smiles red . in 
in smiling an the cheerleader with blond audience background runs . a 
the on smiling football a behind red is bleachers the field in with dancer dressed stadium in fans . her 
the sports a front is a of in crowd on spectators woman red grass . in a outfit of running 
woman a front in a field in crowd in suit red of . running is a a 
. man man while another a tackles playing football 
football . playing men 
a player jersey one jersey onto a wearing player a jumping football red white in 
the to . player footballer in american the red pushing wearing is the white ground 
during other into football <unk> football game two a . each players 
. playing group football a are of players football 
ready to the a gets football . quarterback throw 
the middle in pass quarterback a of play a football . ready the to 
while . <unk> the him football <unk> quarterback <unk> line field the a 
game <unk> . a into <unk> there <unk> at quarterback back a is dropping the 
a . talks a <unk> to coach during player a football 
with . coach a speaks player football a 
red and a football player a . is in white to coach talking 
coach football in player players with and other talks background , crowd . 
a is field talking on coach a there player the his red jersey football in . to 
football coach a to while a . <unk> player speaking watches 
about to football from a player <unk> the talks . game coach the 
football his to coach is player talking . a 
front and in player members <unk> crowd and team football are the . official a talking other 
his <unk> a with the . during coach quarterback talks it over 
boy a knee a cheerleader has girl on . cheerleader his 
female male cheerleader of the a a sits knee . cheerleader on 
a break cheerleaders taking 
sitting and and red wearing white man a the . the red also is cheerleader in of on knee white 
football a game at two sitting cheerleaders . are 
man in player by his a jersey a red at another <unk> knee getting football 
an is player at injured game checking football a a out . man 
<unk> player . on football game the in a injured middle of an field being the is 
a . two men players examine football leg 
on two men an field injured the help player . 
one is football . trying to tackle another a player 
a in a <unk> blocks jersey tackle sooners . man an <unk> 
a player to opposing one tackle football player . tries the team on 
the white from player . the away purple keeps football football and in red player in the 
with the player the in . ball white player is who defending against in football the is red running 
's against football team . playing a rival sooners university oklahoma 
football action three in on the field are players 
bleachers . a while playing watch football from three the players fans game 
red by spectators by an are american two in a white purple and in <unk> . whilst player <unk> in being stadium watched footballers 
ball . <unk> the two a football players to be <unk> <unk> attempt against 
. football is college game in a progress 
crowd runs football sidelines football along watches the . as with a a a player 
the strip of an down the field running red american ball in is side a with footballer the . 
score running trying player football is to a . with the football 
is trying player to the <unk> football opponent . his 
from team to a in football be about the sooners down the game opposing . player a taken by is 
has the player . tries ball player who a tackling another football 
an <unk> defenders tackle of football . two player the <unk> sooners 
with opposing the a is ball his leg the team grabs running the of as player football player 
the football being tackled . the trying avoid <unk> ball is to player carrying 
horse gives some high a fans mascot football . <unk> to 
several a front . mascot stands kids in horse of 
event crowd the mascot a . to at a sporting waves 
raising hands people toward . mascot a its team 
red fans sea mascot a horse oklahoma of in 
<unk> football tries on as players a field tackle player to the a 
crowd playing of in football men front stadium in large 
football . running player <unk> oklahoma player after during game a a 
watching crowd players on three is are field large football the running a while 
players three wearing watches crowd football turn . as a red 
football is cheering game at crowd . standing and a a 
a of red watching player with a football people also and . wearing crowd cheerleaders red game wearing a 
. holding grabbing who is football player of a the is another ball ankle the player 
football oklahoma . to an about is player score 
the . fans cheer while player at runs <unk> game the a the towards football 
the . watch football kicking while fans player ball is the opposing a 
player crowd football . the a looking game a on shirted red ball a during kicks with 
. football football male wearing kicking game a a football uniform during a a 
football man in a fans team opposing <unk> from background the the a as watch 
sooners <unk> another football after ball the team . the number , goes play 
sunglasses and a . man watching a an crowd in in event a baseball hat 
in a camera a <unk> man that watching off is hat . is blue something 
of cameraman cap and a full a in in man sunglasses people a stands baseball . tv stadium beside 
looking . cap <unk> blue a and in man sunglasses a 
. a blue has in on the man shirt gray cap baseball the 
action . among other football in players a player is 
points a football . player 
to player . , university an , left football the his number of football african-american throws wearing oklahoma for jersey <unk> a 
a jersey is football and there played . is a field crowd on the in , behind him a red 
football stadium players several in a 
three red white tackled whilst players is on by other . footballer american look an in red players being in 
playing oklahoma an is football player tackled 
of players field football group by player other tackled being . on 
players a are . carrying player tackling the football football football 
tackled is being player . football the 
down of . players running the field football group a 
football . watching crowd is a the game 
and players white purple in , gold are . <unk> play attempting the , a against in football red 
and the has white team in , man nearby . football is the red the in 
ball possession sooners playing in oklahoma . one football sooners of , another the their the against team three with 
men group play . college game a a of football 
and red are . playing a football white team a team 
football . a players <unk> <unk> 
player the white in the running in red player the all towards with football is . 
are crowd players the football also wearing white red and , is red and the wearing white and . 
player ball running down . a the football field while the <unk> 
football player a with . running ball the 
. a running ball at a football player game with the 
. player a football football helmet gold a holding wearing runs a 
ball an run in . white the is strip footballer a with making american a 
. crowd and , of a football bunch players a 
. football a game 
watching football of large to a game group a large group about players with start a 
football two line at <unk> teams of the 
up football before . hike the two lined teams 
the to passes as teammate football on a looks player football a crowd . the 
. hands a the off running a quarterback back football to 
white gold , wear . players the helmets jerseys and football pants purple 
players . possession of fight ball two <unk> the football to 
the while two , players on make other . a team play football looks 
a team opposing with , chased a . by player runs football the ball 
him a as runs ball player run the with . football towards others 
watches red crowd in the and as football has player a a white 
ball american is in in . the running the stop attempting team who the white with to player red are football 
game in a two teams a stadium playing football packed 
and in in play in a football player . blue a game red one 
as player on field another . sooners a football the player quickly moves runs 
is blue red and and is falling , in the guy the white and . jersey running the in guy jersey the white 
watch , two football . on , , opposite the the game others middle players are a while teams in of 
play football . men two 
football a player getting tackle 
a . is player football tackled 
a white players jerseys ground football taking to another some the red jersey in in 
team player three team white . one from players football red from tackling 
who another . three players holding ball a tackle is player football 
uniformed red player opposing player . an football tackles a 
. player tackling is player another football one 
jersey two tackling are man red in a wearing there white a football jerseys players 
players for . two ball and the football fighting three are 
player players opposite the of . two football team are one tackling 
while player purple red tries in uniform football holds player in ball him the a . tackle to a a 
a white tackled in by oklahoma . football player university player is a being 
player the whilst who with red players attacking footballer nearby is outfit . in is in other ball a white , are american the an running 
player is . opposing tackling sooners football an a player 
is . making tackled the <unk> catch the after 
. and is player up both white a holding football hands in red 
players . football around <unk> the gather 
contest gathering players to <unk> something <unk> football to . 
and next sooners oklahoma fans crowd in three front of to <unk> players a university of . football 
and the team <unk> red the . is talking with football white 
dressed the red in same two football by lifted white <unk> uniform his . and player sooners being a 
football red are jumping players . and hugging and white in 
and players the are up white football down and uniforms the jumping . in red team 
athletes red . three uniforms and helmets white and in 
jerseys football . are players wearing red on field the three 
jersey and to in <unk> football red snap prepares sooners quarterback red helmet player 
for huddle ready and . game the get players football 
<unk> the at of line players stand football . 
on the players <unk> oklahoma field . football 
from the snap his . center for sooners waiting quarterback the is 
a progress in . football game 
field players football . the are on 
. watches as play a crowd men football 
. football for snap waiting of quarterback 
teams . compete football two 
from tackled of player a by crowd in a different behind front a team being another football from player . 
, jersey in crowd large background a down sooners a a a field . football runs in player the with 
player by tackled football in . being a <unk> red in white 
a jersey fans cheer football tackles . a while 23 jersey three a football white wearing a wearing red player player number , number 
crowd tackle with background football in a the . progress in a 
after tries player diving another . a player football 
crowded . a in stadium on the player another pro player line a goal football tackles 
legs in football white by red uniform white player and tackled . uniform in with being purple and player 
another game player . tackling a football player football in 
is to try . and leg the purple 's grabbing player him the white football and stop player red 
wearing a <unk> football shirt . a red 
facing a off . others two against football player 
stands the the a the for play for next waiting . football in of team <unk> front player sooners 
in players standing in a . is football football front other a uniform player of in a red stadium 
player snap for the <unk> waiting 
sooners for . a for play is football preparing the game during player next a the 
player a football in uniform sooners a . 
a . the uniform number player <unk> with football sooners wearing a 
play in man to prepares a a red uniform . football 
dressed . football looks down field in player the red 
ball the a football . kicks player 
oklahoma the player football an . attempts kick ball to 
game sooners a ball the team football for the oklahoma player a during <unk> . 
, football the <unk> university kicking oklahoma 
the player in red off football . kicks the ball 
a football holding football . a player 
throw player in ready gets a football a to . red football 
. a wearing football a and red <unk> football holding lone a white player 
white ball dressed throw the to red ready . player the in and football gets 
ball football gets ready player the the . throw to 
coach with players behind football standing . his a him 
helmets in . man football in gold players group around a shirt a purple of a stand 
a official is of players <unk> . standing behind group <unk> a 
football by blue a shirt . is surrounded man players in 
. man players by a football surrounded 
blonde . a watching sports while game two wear together jerseys girls 
and wall watch two sit a a sporting . near event girls 
stands brown . hair girls light jerseys long sit with , wearing the red each two in , 
behind ball . blonde red young white , them two and with in girls uniforms people 
to young <unk> be . attention appear <unk> girls during at two the 
in a a field coach football shirt a polo on white 
coach football . football a field walking is a on 
. is white shirt front walking a players some a of on man football a in field in 
man game on <unk> has the for his a a <unk> head during football sunglasses on . <unk> 
football the game a . on team a field <unk> during out 
an pants across blue sunglasses shirt in . athletic , a walks beige and man field 
field a along . a is walking man 
in . a a crowd a with down walks behind him field stands man the 
. out the field walking on coach head is the 
blue man <unk> with neck . white shirt the a and pants whistle the around has his 
doing a <unk> team football 
football doing game their . starts before the a stretches team 
players . stretching football together are 
legs their working the on stretching . players are football 
the in four on green players football <unk> . red the stretch 
play african football <unk> . 
football players group in and . a red of uniforms white 
wearing sitting a red jerseys and football white . on field large group a of players 
on the sitting players . ground football many 
. on two in football , the unhappy looking uniforms sit grass men 
cellphone his game while watching football . a a checks fan 
of in event a dressed sporting a picture . a man red takes 
is shirt . a man football game red a a watching in 
red . sidelines man the up game in of a on football a holds cellphone 
a man pictures a red in . game at takes football cellphone 
helmet red shirt is and wearing a football . a man sooners 
number player football . <unk> wearing his oklahoma a sooners jersey 
player . black <unk> the <unk> a football <unk> and sooners number 
red white in guy football uniform and 
american red . white a footballer is and strip the wearing 
red . player uniform in and a sooners a <unk> white football is # 
uniform red a in football player large a 
looks uniform in and helmet red to man . the left a football a 
player watches sidelines from oklahoma game the football the the . 
red red . team this and football wears helmets shirts 
red a team wearing football with player jersey . of the who closeup photo for number a is the sooners <unk> a 
football . a on red sooners a with jersey player 
gloves a looks a uniform football to man red gray and wearing the left . 
. an american and is strip wearing footballer a white red 
in football number in man sooners jersey playing <unk> 
of statues standing . in of people crowd a front 
statues . of gather of plastic front in a people group 
parade a . group gathering around float of people 
people . several some statues by are gathered 
gathered are people around statues a carrying some . truck some 
jacket in off a sand of child into red rock a a . jumping 
a while it another rock . stands jumps off on a girl 
in holding is the is stick and girl a a jumping red coat with the . brown a girl coat 
onto a of the jumping girl . rock this is sand off 
off coat at the into boulder girl sand beach winter young a jumping in a 
train for . the of and are on platform standing people waiting a a group subway 
on subway train <unk> a in as platform pulls the 
. waiting crowd <unk> the train 
. wait many train for the people 
people . a for train wait several 
a hair is . long brown into the with guy mouth a white in a camera t-shirt something wearing looking curly his with 
a white t-shirt in eating candy . a man 
a in . <unk> smiles with a man his pop mouth 
store a a in a and . a <unk> shirt white smiling with pop is person 
purses a standing in and shoes print of . in of front t-shirt <unk> person <unk> 
grass brown dog and of 's little field white a dog a green a over in big black head leaping is . 
dog trying small . big a a to a disc get dog on lands 
his . white over leaps to of a small dogs dog the larger toy a chase back 
are field a two grass dogs of playing in tall . 
in dog red black jumping haired white dog . and over grass 
a its dog . a and shirt blue mouth in black wearing carrying white toy a 
dog blue brown playing grass toy suit with over a a fake is a with on . 
mouth a in dog its a blue sweater in an . object while leaps holding 
holds a a in . mouth yellow toy wearing sweater dog its blue a 
toy . dog playing blue with a the jacket black wearing is a and 
in man dances like a a girl costume 
a man . girl dancing and little a 
in in man outdoor black with pants an plaid plaza a a dances in a . young girl suit 
<unk> the dancing . girl top with is a in suit pink dressed man <unk> in the a 
little the <unk> . <unk> a <unk> girl dances with 
on the dog . black beach walking a 
walks a black . rocky along beach a dog 
in walking is the a sand black wet dog . 
on a with walks wall the sand a . rock wet black behind dog 
dog walking large rocks . the near sand in furry large 
and in a man . of a large a stand front crowd girl 
with . dances a man girl a 
front in a suit young with man . a an in girl audience a dances of 
a girl . black man a wearing shirt wearing pink young dances a with 
. in <unk> the girl wearing suit is the the <unk> man the dancing with little top pink 
facial in city two close to other a stand expressions . little with each no girls 
look . young while distance area the off two an urban in girls into asian standing 
look . stand in girls two concerned young asian and the street 
at look something . two girls young 
young very concerned looking two . girls 
doing is beach the boy clothes . cartwheel black a a in on 
the <unk> a . on beach a kid doing is 
and the on shirt beach does a . a person black with shorts handstand 
the on boy young a doing . beach handstand a 
a the person . doing beach on handstand the is 
path . stand of a a brick group people on 
four pose runners for . picture a 
a posing are for picture . they 
to two a photo couples take . stop 
clothing in young exercise a two posing for . couples picture 
water . a the comes as through dog runs wave brown a 
water a ocean through in . the runs the dog brown 
is through dog the . running ocean a 
water the running in . is dog brown the 
brown in is . waves the water the dog the to parallel running 
older hiking a in an smiles hat clothing summer and . woman 
. old and lady smiling wearing hat an a 
sunglasses wearing is <unk> . laughing a in a and woman 
woman walks , a hat and a with outdoors sunglasses a backpack . 
and smiles in women sunglasses . hat 
a bowl a bath . full taking is of baby water a in 
held who tongue a of being is . inside out its sticking is bowl water baby a 
a large . baby bowl a clear in bath takes cute a 
a is <unk> water little . filled taking a in a with baby large bath bowl 
in a a smiling plastic tub . large sitting baby is of water 
some patio dog beside is past furniture runs another . white standing who a dog 
. are patio near outside two furniture dogs 
two white and small brown standing beside chairs some dogs white 
two play on . small the dogs lawn 
two the white play in small dogs . yard 
boy is jacket between a standing in . brown wooden two posts on a chains 
fence at . dock chain a a on a standing heavy child 
over climbing . chain little boy a a fence 
. fence and standing boy playing a a <unk> little on 
fence boy a climbing on . chain 
girl wearing a a and hat a sunglasses . sits in car 
girl wears black . sunglasses a 
. warm <unk> ride in a for little a going sunglasses coat and 
gear blue . black hat sunglasses with small a a wears and winter child 
car and a child smiling wearing . sunglasses in sits hat a a 
, native colorful child . a in clothing is 
colorful clothes a hat . the in for posing girl camera and 
asian in girl . costume and headdress a colorful yellow is an dressed 
. looks woman wearing at a the a camera costume colorful 
colorful young . woman clothes on a with 
bag wall front . walking black a in with a on of man shoulder his cement a 
carrying man walking a wearing shirt a <unk> and bag . is black a 
a front a a bag . walks with brown gray man of in wall 
<unk> of a wall gray a . tile with a bag man front in 
bag a in is walking <unk> square man with a . black of front a there wall 
blue orange on and child sitting in shirt white an . car a toy a 
shirt and riding . blue white little is orange a with his car toy an boy 
a toy blue an shirt wearing small on . is child orange a 
a in boy car police . <unk> push car a is riding toddler as a home a 
riding is toy a the on . boy truck 
boy little crying on man the kissing holding a . and a cheek 
kissing in runners in . shirt a watching man green whilst a crying road toddler a a is race 
a baby marathon man kissing a . at a 
by his to shirt . the and the is trying on a crying a kiss holding a man green giving child <unk> wearing him child cheek 
at crying a marathon kisses . baby man 
playhouse inflatable a bounces an boy in . 
in boy shirt in . jumping a a blue tent plays a 
a jumping . <unk> a in boy 
a house a . inside kid bounce takes flight balloon multicolored 
boy jumping . a jumping young in a castle 
another . jumps towards dog the while woman outside a dog car in a up a car is , 
and dog an black white a a spots with white next car are dog orange little to . 
a woman while a follows a . dog them white in beside jumps small white at a golden dog and jeep black 
small another face . a to reach dog jumps dog watches lady by car while a a 's 
black at . jumps white through window someone and dog car 
in a white . and pink walks outside dress baby a 
. flops pink wears girl and a a dress flip white little 
a girl walking small a dress white in toddler 
dress asian wearing girl running a . young a 
sundress down runs girl flowered . wearing flip flops asian a young the a and street 
a child car plastic in a sits toy . 
. kid car a little in toy a 
in play small riding car . girl 
car a there in yellow is and toy red . a child 
and child car small the a in yellow . is sitting toy red 
shirt fetch french an black in plays man poodle a orange with a 
to person prepares . dog a coat orange stick in black to throw a a an 
person a black dog playing with . large her 
a stick dog for a . holding out a woman 
with in dog orange black a woman playing jacket 
ball a outside child . bright her to running next with a colored 
white shirt red in is inflatable ball girl playing with a a a and . little 
is . a ball little running on the colorful grass by girl a 
grass running the . , ball girl a kicking beach , in little a 
a to toy colorful next is the girl running grass on the . 
boys a pool two . at naked 
naked playing . and boys two smiling 
on with children <unk> his , naked . chest one a two 
play the in boys . two water naked young 
young , raises naked . arm while , two his boys wet one are 
for a . going a dachshund walk 
its out little walks a sticking dog sidewalk on brown tongue the with . 
dog . <unk> a blue being is collar brown little with path a a along 
dog on a a pulling small . on walk its white is brown and while blue leash 
dog . a small brown on a leash 
<unk> on a metal . a boy with his head 
a head on little . with boy <unk> clowns a his 
a <unk> head . a his who on has boy bowl 
. a head his a wears boy <unk> metal on young 
head his of shirt is this on top putting the . boy in <unk> striped a 
red wall front a coat by surrounded stone of a a in a . in man <unk> stands 
building a white is man tall front in standing of jacket in . red a a 
jacket of red a . in rocks by <unk> in white front standing female surrounded 
for front <unk> of in picture jacket in a . red a white girl poses 
jacket man front in red standing of <unk> . in 
grass a child the their spread . wide arms in standing with 
their to child the out holding in is a a arms yellow sides small shirt . 
. with spread his hair curly with outside young long a arms walks boy 
arms wide a with his child green open a wearing shirt young 
in a <unk> playing the . park 
a a in on rock . the hanging is big woods guy 
of middle . large forest the rock formation a in a 
. edge man rock hangs a the a of from 
a person . vertical wooded <unk> rocks a area the of hangs of in side 
a woman to appears <unk> , rock posing near outcropping be a this large . 
in a . boy the woods 
a white a wearing a on forest shirt boy climbs hill . 
smile jeans to woods incline the climbs in small a little turns boy . blue in around and a 
forest boy a . smiling a in kneeling 
the a . boy in smiling woods young 
. little is guitar a holding a in shirt red boy black a 
a . boy is a a making face and little miniature playing guitar 
guitar rocks small a boy his little with . out 
the star . <unk> rock a be plays guitar a and to toddler 
. is playing a red young guitar boy a 
bicycle , young people two street five the . a on sharing 
several two parked bike people near young walking are vehicles , . a , on 
down walking carrying girls the are three <unk> . large sidewalk 
walk above a street from down as three seen city women , . 
three walking looking woman young sidewalk down a up 
kid . a a an brown hoodie ollie wearing doing 
man sky a building from of and in front , hoodie blue a below shot . skateboards a in 
skateboarder a jumps building near . midair a 
making a . a jump skateboarder 
and jeans <unk> doing skateboarding tricks man . a with 
a is off a . with sweatshirt woman taking hair white blonde up her 
poses camera for the blond white a . haired lady in 
blond white with is . hair girl a and sweatshirt smiling a 
woman poses for outdoors a picture . a 
hair woman a smiling is and with on . white a sweater blonde putting 
taking is naked pool a an rocky woman a <unk> <unk> . in 
. rocks a stream on woman kneels shallow of the a naked 
naked woman the steps into a water . 
natural <unk> a nude in herself woman a pool . 
a suit on some body large background the in standing with hill a woman wearing rocks . green 
autumn <unk> on girl an . a day 
is in . lake person waterskiing a autumn near trees colored a 
person on . a waterski a 
a with for life a on jacket pulled cold the . dressed being waterskier 
is of person vehicle a . wakeboarding a water off the young back 
with an in umbrella two children the . bathtub 
with two umbrella in children a bathtub yellow . and blue play the 
a kids umbrella taking with are bath two an . 
little umbrella with bathtub in a and blue a yellow . are two kids 
two children umbrella blue . young yellow a and under 
dog in field jumps . a for a frisbee a 
jumping small its in to white black catch mouth a something . and 
catch with , toy small to a dog a his . out up is tongue white jumping 
a . a is in air the frisbee catch dog white up to jumping 
catch jumping object dark white an dog with . to markings 
down slide a steep a speeding boy . 
down slide blow a black all boy sliding wearing yellow a . up is 
black slide <unk> . an in a kid down going 
down boy on sliding his a . knees slide 
the on amusement boy his coming . slide is the down knees 
. dogs on grass three black 
glass in dogs the black . play three 
three black play grass . the dogs in 
the through run dogs . grass three 
black playing dogs are . the in three large grass 
of both a group sit structure people a sides on red stone . of 
outside a . group ground on a of the people of sitting monument 
the monument near group a sit of a people stairs . of together 
the a sit <unk> <unk> of <unk> large at people marble base with . many 
a of on . <unk> sides sit people both 
stand each . big near water and a a near other the little dog dog 
water a body a brown of small . are and other dog a standing brown beside near large dog each 
dogs are the walking other each a beach on two past 
bank . brown of on together dogs two lake a standing the 
near two some dogs water each pass . other 
big the of beside . brown sniffs a water smaller body dog gravel a a in dog 
dog big smaller river . a of the dog a <unk> edge near a 
large stands near smaller edge of the the water dog . dog a with a 
to a at red a dog a on dirt lake next path brown . a dog looks 
the dog the is checking out dog big . smaller 
a . a hat blue child on a fuzzy in tricycle 
is a hat purple tricycle fuzzy a with riding . outside girl little a 
some paved purple . with tricycle by girl <unk> riding road little hat a is along a 
hat young blue a is riding tricycle girl and in a . coat 
in blue and kid riding coat hat a . little tricycle 
a 
a down hill black and white a climbing is dog . 
black a . sandy down a white sliding dog is hill and 
dirt the and . wearing red a digging in dog a black is white collar 
a sand . black dog on mound running a 
the and over dog black grass runs green a white . 
the white running . a is brown on dog and grass 
grass running the a dog on 
field a in a . runs dog 
dog smiling a the . in runs grass 
a dogs with are two of war toy green . tug playing 
dogs fight toy green two over a stuffed . 
dogs . orange a and green two them holding between toy 
, white green other the tug-of-war and with and play black , white two . one dogs brown a toy , 
a two dogs sharing . toy 
a his skateboard up to next . incline boy fence a an rides 
teenage a . a fence boy by skateboards 
alongside fence a riding metal is . teenager a skateboard a 
black a with shirt young wall striped a a on . man on skateboarding 
boy skateboarding on ledge 
zoo or scene petting in the acting and children the in a like . are duck a are chicken 
a animals in farm two . with yard children play 
farm around playing . two children animals 
two a fenced area farm with playing animals children in . in grassy 
a in yard animals playing . farm kids two some with 
man . sidewalk walking scarf down the a in striped a 
street a scarf with down walks man . in black a a 
man down street . the walks a 
the a man , walks wearing street down black . 
street down a jeans man a jacket walking young and wearing . 
out her girl has a throw of head while wooden people pirate a <unk> in a . cut ship 
standing an throws ship who of object a is cutout a a a at behind sailor little . on a girl man 
hit game and young to a are boy man with balls . trying a in girl fair a 
an park food game . as of at are part throwing children someone amusement 
children watching a . play 
brown a a and dog white . ball to attempts catch tennis a in dirt dirty field 
dog . a ball catching is a 
and a catching ball is running dog a 
a ball the sand dog . chasing running is on a whilst 
wide with the in its mouth sand a dog catch ball a to . open 
a sand running the . in dog 
on dog . white a running is sand 
a a field running on white dog dirt 
pointed white running . with the is on ears dog the dirt 
outside on white day two a . sunny dogs 
a cross-country girl . skis 
in on . a skis girl snow 
the purple a and skiing . sunglasses a coat in little snow winter wearing girl 
little skis on girl 
skiing girl . young the is cross-country 
a . a table , , man an lunch sitting at outside <unk> paper eating on 
table a outside sitting a man single of at a shop round reading 
at reading an restaurant man . outdoors newspaper a 
outside man a in reading chair 
. taking at the <unk> the man table is 
bikes . biker a woods through the 
a , a and bike riding on area a a is and wooded through girl backpack helmet a wearing . 
the woods rides mountain in a . biker 
a . trees by some her bike rides woman 
wearing riding a helmet black woman bike a on a 
on a a . girl sheet colorful bouncing 
in bounce a house a girl . 
a on girl . a parachute playing 
girl playing little is with . the her off shoes 
object . playing , green red this which yellow and is , girl blue is an on , 
. black geese dog chasing a 
dog . chases geese a two 
open an . a 2 chasing in field dog geese 
field geese two . a in is black large a dog , chasing 
dog in two field geese runs after 
dog the on water beach through a . brown a runs 
behind an a urban the the . water dog horizon with in near beach 
. surf in running a the dog 
dog . tan in water and running white 
the dog the . brown large white splashes and shore on 
. with pipe a child in field a a cut crying <unk> low nearby is 
sitting by concrete on a storm drain child grass . the is a 
drain . boy a the a pipe field with young is background sitting a in 
drain cries baby <unk> by 
young a . the is sitting grass in park the child on 
on man stone his bird out arms standing a is a structure with . like a 
platform arms wide with man open standing on his a concrete a 
outstretched . standing man hands rock on with 
on base with a standing man stone arms outstretched 
hill with on stone man . is outstretched of top the on standing a stump his arms a 
dog on brown black a sand chasing dog a is the . 
in . a , grey holding dog a the by chased dog a stick sand running 
the sticks tree fetch two dogs . snow line to in the next 
running a tall . trees near of two dogs line 
through running . two sand dogs 
next monument a . mountain the on of <unk> is standing wearing a to male top a hiker a hat brown 
monument . mountain a and his on of stands peak the hand a a has at man 
statue on near man a mountaintop a a stands . 
peak statue a on man stands a near a . 
stands a with next a cliff hat a on monument a to <unk> man . 
hands <unk> gray her in a a throwing up girl is . 
her gesture in over a girl head . in puts shirt a a hands grey her 
a her dark with her young . girl hands raised over head haired 
is holding . over shirt a head grey hands her in young a girl her <unk> 
girl her . couple her the over young head a of in other front a arms people of raises park in 
a a sneakers a coat , and a green bench dark . brown red rock cap sits wearing girl on , 
stone on cloudy a a backpack background the with a jacket a and . sky a hiker in in knit cap sits with atop 
a , a on looking knit cap in stone woman a its coat and green out block . 
sits with and the a mountains her a large backpack down on rock . looks woman over 
on sitting rock a is the lady . 
as . from and the <unk> as <unk> rubber a lands she girl swing high on can a below 
shirt out in a pink of . a a swing jumping girl moving 
wearing a shirt jumps a off swing a . pink girl little 
swing playground a girl young . a off jumps 
young blue the and off is shirt girl jeans swing . pink the the in jumping tire 
a beside walks another one rides . tricycle boy him while 
walk street . two the bikes children down ride indian and 
shirts in and two boys yellow red little . shorts 
sleeveless two . wearing red are and shorts shirts small yellow boys 
red dots wearing riding is are one red a shirts yellow <unk> are young children their tricycle and shorts two and . both red with 
on a stream at grass the dog bites . a of water black 
black a jet water squirted of a dog being is . with 
from dog drinks . a sprinkler a 
the outside . water a drinks on grass dog 
tries . water of the sprinkler out the dog the coming bite to 
a out mask hands a while <unk> . wearing man 
handing papers tie out mask in wearing man white . blue a a is whilst a shirt and 
tie a button is . in wearing and shirt man smiling up a mask a 
tie front in a shirt and papers of blue a in <unk> . holding him man 
business in attire mask holding paper <unk> man . with guy protest at 
white dog a and <unk> black 
and with outside is dog playing a frisbee black . white a 
a frisbee to catch jumps and green . black dog the white 
a frisbee a to catch dog . field black and a white leaps in 
the black a jumping grass catch a small white frisbee on and dog to 
couple a riding bike a 
a a on down street riding couple the motorcycle 
man on a sitting woman and motorcycle a . 
a back on and a motorcycle a sits man . is on the woman 
on two motorcycle ride a people together . black 
man . in a gray a in shirt air jumps the 
jumping a front shorts is t-shirt landscape a of man in in a desert and 
man jumping a . 
a of in front jumping mountain . a man 
man . shirt the jumps background a the a in mountains wearing through gray with air 
playing and <unk> black two a in . ball brown running field 
brown dogs black field a through . are running and two 
ball two while . tennis 's doberman them a one holds run through in its of mouth a field 
field dogs two around run together . the in 
dogs two through with . its ball one grass are in running , a , black mouth large tall 
skateboards up boy concrete ramp a . a 
his does a on tricks ramp . off a man skateboard 
shirt a a ramp trick . of red wearing a concrete a skateboarder does plaid off 
eye lens ) ( . almost block a of boy distorted concrete teenage on a skateboarding fish its a 
. balancing a on rock on skateboard skateboard his rider 
boy hospital bed a in cast a his wearing while sleeps a arm . on 
wearing cast a hospital arm bed lying an a boy in 
arm . a with a wearing on injured lying right an boy towel shorts bed is a blue with and 
a a hospital with arm . young broken boy sleeping bed in a 
with a lying hospital . a a young on boy bed arm is on cast his 
in child a . splashing shoes in puddle green is a 
a a is wearing child green puddle through sandals walking 
green puddle boots mud a child playing wearing a in young 
. a street child a through is running in puddle the 
street the . little puddle on jumping the boy into a is 
girl in a . peeking is a window 
window . into peers girl a a 
peers a window . into girl a 
trying a is window girl a look into to little . dark 
in <unk> a . through window a pink small house is into jeans a shirt girl blue a and 
people group of a picture a takes on stands picture the woman a for . a gather post and while 
. of a picture group having people taken their 
a group their of having taken picture people outside 
a group standing . photo person a on taking pillar a 
block the a sidewalk a . a woman people of of group stands picture on road a taking on concrete beside a 
toy a chasing yellow dog brown a . 
toy a . brown a lunges dog for yellow 
chases a a dog . toy 
. dog bite toy a a to yellow prepares dog 
collar toy a with dog orange playing blue a wearing . an tan is 
sweatshirt . bright the blue a in wagon red playing in child a a woods with 
sweatshirt . a face wearing a makes blue standing funny a to next child wagon a 
red . bowl forest wagon a towards girl a carries metal a in a 
playing a with outside wagon kid . a 
in young is a boy . yard playing the 
ball orange a watches him shirt baseball . in at a child an thrown bat the holding 
a game . little in action league 
. ready is baseball a getting boy a hit young to 
man swinging a a bat a baseball yellow young and shirt <unk> wearing 
hit to getting boy ball yellow ready shirt in baseball bat with orange 
<unk> between agility and white a poles . black dog 
running and poles . between a white black dog 
white between <unk> and black a dog metal . bars 
dog poles running between competition a 
. through a dog obstacle an course <unk> 
people <unk> are a crowd of . 
scantily outdoor crowd of festival people an clad at a 
people . of crowd large a 
large picture the a from group . which above <unk> , people of taken is 
around to many music people . standing listening 
a carpet on dog . a inside blurry 
the air is in a . a up to dog toy jumping catch 
. two up with legs something a mouth dog his standing on in 
jumping its . mouth up dog something in with 
near the furry and door a brown jumping is . around dog white 
wall greyhound . a a jumping of dogs muzzled over group 
hurdle over . jumping four a dogs 
. jump dogs fence a many over 
are racing the . dogs 
dogs over at event jump the an obstacle . an 
running white a black and some red through white poles dog and 
obstacles pole and runs . through black a white dog 
a red checkered dog moving poles white . through and white 
an with goes dog through white obstacle patch . a black a 
an course the dog through obstacle posts running white on white is . 
face . brown in the dog down snow a has his 
a a dog red the is snow into diving . in collar brown 
. diving dog snow a brown red into a collar wearing 
a in dog the snow . 
yellow the dog the with through red . a fallen bandanna <unk> a snow of 
a in . snow a or valley bunch standing people sitting of are 
mountain laying in covered a people under standing . number a of snow and 
gather and . a <unk> rock sledding snowy formation at skiing 
a the . of hill skiers snowy at bottom gather snow 
the people hanging out . snow in some 
white the is a and . a black disk striped with dog red grass in 
jumping black white dog grass in a the after and . a frisbee 
frisbee the near . air a red jumps and in black dog a white 
his a the . and hind is near a is frisbee on ground legs dog 
field frisbee a a dog jumping . for a in 
is standing park alone . in boy a wooded little a the 
some of standing a in trees is . young child front 
a young woods alone sleeves . child orange in the stands with 
boy small in forest . 
boy garden in the little . poses the 
to group girls sit of back a . back 
girls of circle group in a a sitting 
. sitting little feet in girl circle bare in a 
floor little in sitting circle area by surrounded a . on wooden girls <unk> 
circle in the sat a the wood . girls floor young on 
checked looking man a a a at back people group sitting him . in table a behind shirt at is of 
table outdoors man people a and watches at . a sits 
and toward horizon the at outside table a man . a sits looks 
of wooden man crowd a a and to at people sits table . a away looks 
beer front of at tray <unk> . in a and him picnic sitting a with table partially man a 
girl top man of slide a a holding at 
wearing black holding a sunglasses child is in . man a shirt a 
the is at sunglasses a a slide top a man child in holding of 
a man a with with slide helping sunglasses sunglasses slide is child a down . 
a small baby a person helping a slide down blue 
in a a playing of swimming and kids dogs pool bunch . 
and in play a . dogs people pool 
inside pool are dogs swimming four people . are five , and wading together park a dog 
several swimming in people . pool in a and dogs like setting park a 
and a dogs large or in several outdoor . swimming are pool people near 
a , nose in the dog field , grassy walks a ground . to 
dog <unk> a red collar a a field . with on is 
in grey grass leash some walking dog a a on 
on in field a dog . brown the sniffing grass is ground leash a of 
large red the dog the in . with collar brown is grass the 
area dog each other brown <unk> two a . in sandy 
two dogs brown are . other biting each 
some two are dogs other brown with on wrestling <unk> . each 
sand each . dogs brown two biting other on 
playing dogs . colored two tan 
baby blue head over playpen his peeking a . is 
over . baby top the blue of a a peeking is playpen 
looks out of edge the baby playpen a its over . 
<unk> peeking from her baby out inside a 
is his in see playpen aqua standing and from and all eyes his if a up . blue child small you 
people near . or background trees water with the in in 
next made pool river man in a to , people lounge a 
a pool people natural are wading . seven in 
a pool beside . some watery river sitting are in people the 
to pool next people in swimming a . river are there 
a rows a holding skinny while boy is blue seats two . standing bat baseball between of little 
stadium in a bat sweatshirt logo , front seats on a black holds in with blue of boy a a dressed it small red . 
boy a bat in blue a a a sports is seats swinging red young . near sweatshirt stadium team in 
. bat swing blue young practices the a his with seats while stands in boy 
a and bat wearing blue is black jeans red a boy shirt the holding baseball . 
bench shop rests jeans a a or in on a gallery woman . in setting 
bench on a woman blue sits a white wearing shirt a . 
shirt jeans is lady . and blue aqua bench on white in the the a sitting 
others shirt her . museum as bench by on woman sits blue a in the the a pass in 
with bench a people alone on woman drink as walk . sitting by 
the beach . in standing three <unk> a men at 
three the on , beach . clothed stand <unk> men 
ocean into three men . shore the wade 
in beach rocky people . at three jackets a 
a three . on beach people 
backpacks . of men the through clothing similar wearing countryside group a 
trail <unk> in behind people hiking matching of . group a one person a with up outfits 
hiking <unk> . a of group through grass the are 
walking people 
. a path rocky several walking hikers along 
a a <unk> . wave man surfing large 
wave in a a riding a surfboard on . black man 
surfing man a the . ocean in 
in the <unk> wave of a . surfer a spray 
on a riding surfboard . wave a man 
with . girl outstretched flies man the air stands through a his as arms a 
a is throwing air man a . girl into the 
air child throws a the man a . into 
tosses a child in man the into a camouflage air . 
waiting <unk> child with into air a a thrown the to a haircut man he has that is catch . 
dog stump . an white tree with a sits woman a on elderly 
with woman white an dog old a 
gives tree sitting a a a to wearing an older bulldog white . jacket on paw black stump woman 
sit woman on a tree a stump and a . dog 
a on a older white stump bulldog tree haired sitting lady an and is . there 
. tree a leaping over dog a brown in fallen woods is the 
log a dog tongue brown with jumping over out a . sticking 
a jumping dog . a out is tongue log with and ears flying over 
over the dog a woods log a in leaps . 
the leaping ears . a with over tree big is dog fallen 
plays a boy baseball . 
to with ball a a . <unk> bat , throw a about , looking boy plastic 
with little plays boy baseball a . himself 
blue small in ball playing with grass a and bat a . boy a the 
his boy a holding is bat in a ball baseball blue a young blue and hand . white holding wearing 
over . some fight two cloth dogs brown 
over two dogs a bag are plastic fighting . 
wooden a . on two over a deck fight bag dogs 
on are chewing patio two golden a dogs white . wooden cushion a 
dish light dogs are with medium brown . playing a two cloth of sized war tug 
at a . two are dogs of material white tugging piece 
two of . piece cloth fight dogs over a 
a dogs tug on towel two . 
two rag in dogs mouths their with a 
<unk> large red rag on with a ends pulling black of dogs two collars porch white on 
. slide a a hair sunglasses wild with getting child off and blue 
child has small at the a sticking of slide hair . up bottom a 
slide down jeans a a blue in blue young child sliding 
wearing is the slide base . young a child of blue sunglasses at a 
the photograph child distorted bottom of a at a of slide . 
on dark shirt the glasses sitting grass haired a in bearded a . and is man hawaiian 
grass wearing glasses sits a man the . in 
pine tree in . beard to grass next glasses man sits a a with the and a 
sitting glasses . man a beard the a grass and with in 
<unk> an of sits in man an . tree <unk> front 
has walk city street and a . a pink three one down woman purse 
tattoos the women two , down , with street walking three 
walking . drinking through are women street coffee the <unk> 
<unk> walk down women a . sidewalk 
. down the street women walking 
running a tan <unk> along black grass between stone dog of is a and <unk> series . 
running . dog a 
in a park . a dog running 
paved near japanese dog tree . a walkway running <unk> down 
the in park runs . the dog 
players baseball walk of the uniforms . across wearing grass blue a group 
baseball the team men 's a field leaving 
field in walking , a on baseball team of blue . uniforms together players 
red uniforms on and shoes of wearing team group tall a trees the hands people in wearing some is one ball . of background , gloves blue white are their on 
the of a <unk> walk team baseball members across <unk> . 
on girl . nice a a day swings 
swinging striped a is rope in from shirt a . child swing 
. area on a a outside in girl wooded swinging swing 
is shirt swinging blue the stripe the with blonde . girl 
a the young girl outdoors on . swing is 
in a the riding man a to . wheelchair park 
wheelchair . is sidewalk in person on a a a 
<unk> person . a in along a a a wearing cap outside wheelchair knit riding building a of 
a and park that says hat black sign with a in in wheelchair brown jacket front is person of . " " a crossing a 
man parking wheels the <unk> past . lot the 
child into and a . water slide down a slides the 
a a girl pool sliding into 
. a girl down blue shirt into a little a sliding a splashing slide in pool white green baby 
little . of splashes in pool a water a girl 
down in little pool . girl slides the 
<unk> white and a black flying by thrown dog a . man catches 
black a white white by shirt a man dog a in a <unk> catching thrown 
the dog . jumps a <unk> at <unk> frisbee <unk> dog for a 
<unk> is a throwing border in the air the is them air the catching into . collie man and 
white white for has who and frisbee a . white black frisbee man shirt in mouth tossing in its dog 
over jumps a a with a dog frisbee man 
up under dog watching a jump a frisbee man are . crowd a with sitting looking a standing dog it people high catch the at of up to large 
. his a as down dog fetch head over to a flies man ducks frisbee a 
. watch blue outfit to and a order with over yellow people leaps by stand a dog man white frisbee a blue a catch whilst a in in stars in 
jumping man perform crowd frisbee . and dog outdoor at for event act 
dogs dog run a . at racetrack 
track racing . dogs muzzles are with a around sandy 
red dogs are racing black jerseys green four . , blue and , in 
a four . race dogs around turn 
. around the <unk> rabbit track chasing a racing greyhounds 
dog . brown man back holds jumping water his in a from the 
. a in orange an dog leaning shirt in a over a collar man brown is white 
large dog man is to crouching his down on . a holding brown 
black standing collar dog behind with red a man a a 
brown wearing holds dog a which hat and . orange wearing collar an man tan white shirt his the is 
wrapped leg boy a tape with blue his in 
wearing boy with a cape his little a his covered <unk> superman brother leg tape , in . 
with cape a blue . with orange an boy cast in boy sits 
one wearing boy blue other leg the cape boy is a has wrapped in his . and red material 
kids <unk> two playing <unk> 
off . wooden a dog a porch jumps 
dog wooden gold jumping . off porch a a 
porch jumping wooden a a off golden is retriever 
jumping a golden a off wood porch retriever . 
deck off a . dog of jumping brown 
a on make horse and jump . course a equestrian an 
in over of horse is a white a jump on middle a the a . rider hurdle 
a wooden with yellow decorated a a rides show and horse over is blue that jumper red helmet fence wearing flowers white . 
beautiful . horse the is on practicing jumps white a rider 
jumps barrier jockey white a horse with 
white . in animal a in motion black a <unk> animal close and 
a and street black in white . dog playing dog the a 
the a street dog in dog a play black white together and . 
is gravel playing black , brown dog shaggy , a fluffy on the a haired white with and . dog 
together the . two playing on are dogs pavement 
waterfall walking a . beside it with road the people beautiful on two 
side beautiful rock waterfall wall the a a of . down mossy <unk> 
shallow a waterfall into a . pool <unk> 
splashes bottom into . steep waterfall grassy of a hill a at pool the a 
though a travel down two going people woods with giant path waterfall . a a 
and fire black ring dog jumping a of through a is brown . 
black a dog a hoop fire of through brown and jumping 
. through a of dog fire a ring jumping 
shepherd a fire on is through a . ring german jumping 
a a burning field dog through . on a and tan leaps black hoop 
across black the dog white a a dog grass chasing . 
. is dog following black a area the white a through dog grassy 
black two and one black dogs jumping are is . white and , the there , 
in surrounded in . two grassy running by fenced trees area dogs , a 
a dogs the with distance in two running yard through forest a . 
water while pool through sprays over running girls two them 
run girls . through a pool a in two sprinkler 
with . playing fountain a other smiling people in little two girls 
young pool . are through shallow running water a at two girls 
pool sprays them . young girls a two water while through run 
in path a a . across red girl jumps 
leaps a girls . in red <unk> the through a air 
pants a in front hoodie red . dressed and sneakers a in girl red a midair , young pose red split 
jumping girl in up red 
the in red path girl the the <unk> . outfit across bright is 
in black fish tank a girl catches . a top 
up pole connected fish . woman her to fishing is holds a that a 
bathing a holds woman black suit a fish . a in up 
a up caught fish holds young . she a woman 
in with caught pole up . fishing line with <unk> the her fish that the the woman lake she the is holding 
from soccer ball in the soccer boy throws sidelines a a . a game 
a soccer over child head a holding . his ball 
ball group a soccer a . their while a holds above head seated of child watch people 
child while a . people soccer watch a ball holds 
. balances a in girl sports her a head a on outfit soccer ball 
a two is gallery by people passing art . man at an <unk> 
are looking and is . a <unk> to a <unk> that at woman on wall man and <unk> fencing 
man basket an with is through a . a gallery walking are 
<unk> paintings people street the on . 
are looking . at people an some art gallery at pictures 
bow girl a picking plushie her . holding little with blue nose a a while 
in a nose picking ribbon girl little . a hair is her her with 
nose an asian finger her with up a girl . 
girl picks her a nose . young 
ribbon hair picking nose asian young with girl . blue 
. carries as its dog black a fence over in mouth bird a it a jumps 
with . bird dead wire mouth his fence black a jumping dog a a in 
bird a in mouth dog fence , , its . holding jumping a a 
a to a trying mouth fence jump dog wire . something his with in 
. is black a the fence jumping in with dog bird a its over mouth 
a a is <unk> man boat 
a . two man to using push is long boats a pole apart 
large is another . man away a a using on push stick boat boat a to 
man . pushing on into boat wooden fishing pole a a the a water 
on standing pulling by boat a boat is <unk> man another stick a close with a . 
a climbs with boy shirt shirt . a helps man a with large him while red rock red a a 
a man a rock of face the . climbing 
. the man climbs whist bottom man rock it stands at a of face up a another 
large ground a climbing person with another rock on the helping a person 
rock they top a reach person another climbing man of . helps the are 
. standing a over wearing is is black brown and a water color blue and dog 
beam above a a . dog brown standing water on black and 
on an dog <unk> that <unk> . is standing the <unk> river black a 
at is beam a . <unk> metal on dog something standing looking a 
<unk> on a bank dog with in the . background river a a 
a of tire front hat in . a shop standing in man a 
man garage in . front standing a of a 
in a beard used stands front a business tires a man . of with 
man at shop white a beard used the has . tire the 
. the white a blue standing in beard <unk> man and is a the with doorway of cap 
a . blonde is a white orange and playing in a t-shirt swing on boy 
a swinging a surfing boy a on . swing in shirt is 
a smiling . while on swing being child a is 
swings boy the a at . little playground 
child swing . young a on swinging 
car by american . african stands a his 
. wheel and of man stands a the , american a trunk car classic open door at 
stands a man . car to a next 
car in . man outside shirt blue the stands 
to in the the picture next blue car posing for a man his is . 
is fly a <unk> . fishing in a stream man 
river a a is wading in man . 
background <unk> river . small in with man in fly the a fishing 
in river . fishing person 
the the . is standing smoking in to man grass river next 
boy ball . with football a on standing colored a a field 
boy little ball a soccer in . kicking orange a 
to prepares stands a 's child boy little football at . field ball a kick and a play 
the ball striped orange field looks on as shirted to . side rainbow the soccer he an the chalk boy colored , faces 
a on field the wearing ball near stands an young orange . colorful a uniform boy 
black image and . a of white a dog the blurred through running grass 
. a a through running is dog field 
running through large the is white dog very grass fast . black and a 
and the outside is dog running black . white spotted 
the up running while dog looking is 
dog field . races brown a a through 
. a grass the tall running dog through brown 
grass it long . <unk> dog a in running behind , a <unk> 
dog bounding is a through grass tan . 
. running dogs through two tall grass 
hair a girl and . a blonde black with shirt 
big with really at . a woman an hair outdoor cafe sits table blond 
table woman hair has who sits and is a curly at wearing lipstick . a red 
hair with at and sitting blonde lipstick bright woman an outside red big cafe a 
with blond curly a at sits thick hair outdoors woman a table . 
bouncing a and are trampoline man boys on a . two 
two on . trampoline and man a jump boys a 
man two . a a and on trampoline boys small jump 
jump boys trampoline and man two . the a young on 
are trampoline on jumping . outside males three a 
backyard dog the of a stairs . flight to a runs blond down 
jumps stairs off dog a . the 
grass the dog to green a wooden runs down staircase . tan a 
in wooden front deck of yard across yellow a . a a jumping grassy is dog 
porch dog jumping of a a . yellow off 
a are yellow group raft life on boys and wearing vests of are <unk> 6 . a 
a people . of on boat a group 
on jackets watercraft in boys . a life 
several people sitting . something jackets water in in floating young life on are 
in riding a and in life laugh boat smile boys while . jackets the 
a asian lake play boys raft on in a 
the into who are water three the jackets are boys wearing . life looking 
life jackets float on raft a three boys in . 
innertube top . the are jackets water boys three of life in on wearing 
on water wearing three boys the . raft on a <unk> yellow 
baseball yellow for . the and a ball a green boy jersey in leaps player 
chasing boy a baseball . a 
the for ball . a goes little on the boy baseball playing ground 
baseball the a young dives boy during catch ball a . game to 
yellow glove the ball the going a towards the in is . green boy has shirt on and and 
throws child . a to a catch white for something dog 
with dog a <unk> . girl trains white her 
a plays a white with little . girl fetch dog 
dog girl to jumping gives . treat 
food for dog to in air her girl the little white . catch throwing 
dog are . the walking black person snow a a through and 
black a while dog a hill climbs snowy follows person a . 
up follows hill dog a . snowy climbs while person their a 
hiking with person the a dog in a snow hill up a . 
hill snow . with dog black walking is up the hiker covered a a 
air the a . into is pool swimming diving boy a through 
. on sunny boy a day a bright jumps into pool a 
jumps a the pool boy . into water blue 
smiling dives a . pool into child a 
belly on boy the the young is jumping . pool into his 
in kids sitting black raft life on orange a in vests 
on raft in in sitting orange life water boys jackets 
grey . lake a are raft five boys sitting on in the 
sitting device boys on in life jackets a in lake five floating 
. on boys young life sit a orange vests in raft 
from backpack turned head , , back side a to man wearing with a seen the the his 
looking a man the a side to . wearing backpack 
left male walks looks . adult backpack a wearing an the to and 
the looks left his man to . the backpack in 
is a sunglasses while outdoor and the man backpack wearing walking through . an market 
purple pants two dogs a girl with . in running 
running white girl . through and with a brown beside is dog a running her dog field a 
a dogs running girl three with outside 
field . dogs runs dry with in girl a a 
running a with and through brown dog dog a field a white . girl 
is collar dog his that another dog wearing teeth is tree a by . bearing a yellow at sitting a 
at <unk> it is a shepherd another shepherd . teeth german as german its showing 
a shepherd barking german a german at in shepherd forest . another 
two snarling other each . german at <unk> 
. are two dogs fighting <unk> german 
a a little boy . kneels to throw and basketball prepares 
a boy basketball mini toss a . starts to little 
a little boy a basketball throws . 
blue a small red lifts and ball . boy a 
and toddler red blue in red ball holding blue and dressed 
. , a on black dog grass running 
runs dog a grass the camera . the through towards 
grass large dog with a in tennis a on running mouth ball his . 
in camera a across grass the dog its ball . mouth the large runs a gray carrying towards 
with grass the dog in grey water the is jumping through background the . 
a dog brown sticking its the grey a . on air black and in and the butt sand poodle 
dogs there two dirt . in playing are the 
with other each dogs two . <unk> play 
sand the playing . two in dogs are 
on other dirt looks while dogs . the at standing two each 
at a party boots <unk> group outdoor man and camouflage suspenders an wearing neon orange pants . a with 
. people are standing together group outside of a 
stands with orange a few . boots other with a man people 
man who patterned the top at wearing the looking is pants orange boots is . girl and pink the <unk> 
a there and holding in three is a . a woman can shirt men pink other 
a a holding in standing is kayak of man . front paddle a yellow 
is in the standing kayak a . a water man with 
. yellow stands the man a his next to in water boat 
blue a of holding canoe the water a person in a . paddle yellow in and red in front 
hand . with boat person by water standing a oar yellow the an in in their 
people a stand something young . waiting group for around of 
and standing are striped inside of one people is them zip <unk> and a wearing around a hoodie 
standing people sort around some of . of event a at is this group 
. <unk> people standing together 
young hang a party . at people out 
near with sand green . a plays boy grass 
. a pail pours boy little into a from shovel a sand 
another to from pours young boy a in shirt one blue a sand container . 
boy a shovels into . young sand a <unk> 
is with sand a a child shirt young in blue playing 
in brown swimming black a . and a dog lake 
in a . water black with swimming dog muzzle brown a 
towards the swimming water dog in camera . a 
large dog of and water a black out is the . coming tan 
of black shore toward swimming dog pond tan and 
a another boy riding child . little quickly toy on pushes a 
of pushed one image young in another being cart by blurry a boy . 
carriage one in pushing a doll is a boy . another boy street down 
and one boy running on is pushing a . wheels little boy it toy another with on 
two run young kids play and . 
tan a black . dog and a 
dog the a brown after chasing dog black in a grass white and 
another . away dog dog from running is a 
around dogs the in . play grass two 
play the dogs two . grass in 
a fetching toy . white brown and a dog 
. carrying in mouth brown a a is dog toy its 
. though running a grassy dog a field 
moving brown camera . toward with dog mouth in <unk> 
a ball the brown with . is dog carrying white the chest 
looks in case a as another points on . a woman wearing a suit bathing 
. glass something bikini case a young in a a in looking woman at 
lean and in case at look a over two girls . something 
case looking into glass a two woman . 
are two . into looking women a glass case 
against soccer a and team each other blue playing white . 
after ball game their running in kids soccer 
a ball after soccer playing two boys go . 
. chasing ball the players after are ball two soccer 
playing young . boys soccer 
in big runs with stick runs brown big his a behind down black him a mouth a and dog , . 
are field brown with his mouth and a dog in stick black . in a a running the dog 
brown follows . in black with a dog and a mouth runs stick a its dog 
. a with a in stick running mouth dog its 
stick mouth its are in two of , has them a running . one dogs 
. four a through group of forest hiking a snowy 
a group through . the snow backpacking people woods and are of 
people snowy a of wooded hike group area through . a 
trail hike through on four snow . hikers 
with trail a the people walking trees a backpacks . using in line through are 
and under look a <unk> a person dog . the 
and . bending dog woman a over a 
a and down a their . heads kneel the air woman dog both butt with in and 
the camera and both dog with turned the a towards woman a <unk> 
dog a a and the of . backs woman 
blowing a boy bubbles . 
blue bubbles boy blows in a shirt a . 
blowing bubbles is blue boy in a . 
bubbles blowing a boy is 
young blows wearing bubbles a blue . boy a shirt 
bubbles a big . a brother helps blow little sister 
a girl a blow boy bubbles younger helping . 
blowing black in girl a . bubbles a shirt 
a hoop yellow blowing through . a bubbles girl little is 
is blue hair shirt outside little with with someone a blonde . and bubbles girl a blowing 
walks on past man a tree . the sidewalk shirt a in yellow a 
coffee man walking yellow on sidewalk holding in the . is a a 
a man onto . a steps sidewalk 
the yellow wearing a man shirt coffee and sidewalk a walking onto carrying 
fast the in . down with sidewalk man hand coffee walking 
into a is the beach sand air . a from near the child dune leaping 
off the sand . girl high of a jumping 
. dune at the ocean a jumping sand girl on a 
a the on girl jumping beach in sand the young 
little . jumps the her into beneath with girl up the the sand air 
a 6 . races wearing number dog while 
greyhound a track yellow jacket on on wearing number six muzzle is a the running a . dog a and 
a muzzle running track on a greyhound dog 
wearing a runs greyhound a a down on . it track a tan with gold number shirt 
<unk> in greyhound . jacket race with leaping yellow 
in field stands a a of lady . looking tulips <unk> 
a standing cellphone of a tulips a onto in holding woman and . coat is field 
in a flowers of a woman . stands field 
the standing . colorful a of in tulips field is woman 
tulips standing in field a of woman 
a bag boy bag punches sweatshirt holds a yellow a shirt . in blue while boy punching a black in the a 
outside . practicing the punching playing in children many grass 
play some day on kids a nice . outside 
in the sweatshirt the sweatshirt hitting boy yellow boy blue object in held the is by the the . black 
near . talk trees a two on boys palm field 
rope . balance a on are beam playing two standing while green a with boys 
competing other while look boys , a against rod and green a two rope balancing others . each holding on on 
two balance a holding rope boys beam on a 
a on and holding log rope balancing two . are kids a 
. a young on look while playing kids boys a other two game on log 
the a . mud boy shirt a blue climbs in through 
on in mud shirt blue mound of a a a boy 
of pile boy in mud a a . 
boy is nearby mud get attempting in with to . a onlookers out deep 
boy in a mud playing 
a swinging child multi-colored . a banner 
with young boy a is . colorful playing a <unk> 
<unk> a a kite young waving boy 
toy outside a with . a child plays young colorful 
is ribbon boy playing colorful . a with the 
rock a standing man shorts in . high a shirt dark of a top is and on graffitied 
a on with painted " <unk> on man . the it a short black standing spray life " rock is in 
rocks with short which the is " a , <unk> life is are on . on " , standing man <unk> side the 
a rock and stands in takes a man . the view on 
is life a . is standing , a top on of says wearing " a short " man that black shirt rock 
a in are two . girls sacks field standing holding 
. play fight two a yard school girls pillow in 
bags a park girls in plastic two playing . with 
girls . swinging two bags 
other girls each sacks on two a young with <unk> field . 
. climbing climbing girl a on ledge a 
up girl is a little climbing climbing wall a 
small wall a a rock girl . climbs 
girl . <unk> a indoor young wall an climbing 
practicing indoor young girl . an rock on climbing a wall 
a couple people muddy a <unk> pit through of 
wearing person the mud pants in playing in orange . a 
by a out mud . a pit girls two of climbing beach 
<unk> two . mud through deep girls wading 
at through two <unk> girls some . park mud a 
group . of black wearing motorcycles a 
has flag riding a bikers parade , seen . are one an american during 
flag . american rides man carrying motorbike 
ride along many street the . motorcyclists 
down an on flag motorcycles . waving ride a american street with people 
fishing pole silhouetted sky . blue man a a bright carrying a against 
and a stands clouds skies surrounded by on . person hill blue a 
is a backlit pole with a fishing a against . sky person cloudy blue 
pole of . fishing blue a in a person sky a silhouetted with front 
a a with fishing . of man silhouette pole a 
sitting field a man a in in . flowers gray shirt a of 
of man and clothing other bed in camouflage . a a hides in <unk> flowers 
field a down flower man the tulips is red a . in between <unk> 
a field man in , a tulips yellow , kneels . and red white of 
tulips the man a field is in of . 
and a . boy the dog through run a grass 
across a with runs a . boy a wearing red grass furry shirt the dog 
grassy a and across child dog . lawn running a a 
a a dog large boy . chases field a through 
asian with boy and on dog . a young grey grass a running green white 
a ball a a in . holding t-shirt a bathroom and boy spiderman the wearing <unk> 
and ball is a boy a holding . in the <unk> bathroom green a 
. in boy bathroom spiderman a clothes wearing a standing 
outfit bathroom kid in spiderman ball a a and <unk> the holds in 
ball a holding bathroom . a boy is a in little green 
kite and . father son a a red flying are 
man flying a . city kite the a field in and a in child are a 
together kite boy and are a man . flying a 
child an fly a adult kite and a together . 
kite park and fly in man boy . 
a the man <unk> water to about from . 
on of top water a glides . man the 
is the water through man on large a . a ski pulled 
sea . on man a the 
harness man holding waterskiing 
on doing a motorcycle man a tricks 
a puts a his rear its on . on motorcycle up man wheel track 
a track is man a motorcycle performing a a at riding trick . 
while his doing a . stands on wheelie motorcycle a man 
being a track ridden a whilst pulling on wheelie the . is motorcycle 
wearing boy . young out jacket sticks denim a a tongue his 
boy . and his and camera a at looks hair green brown out young the eyes tongue with sticks 
with young colored and tongue hair . grey eyes his reddish sticks boy a out 
tongue points out jacket kid in 
tongue . denim out a boy his shirt wearing sticks young 
a . man jet boarding 
<unk> a . is over water airborne the 
. trick holding attempting while lines is a wakeboarder on pointed to upward a 
huge a a jumping . is wave wakeboarder 
on the a wakeboard in person air 
mats red and <unk> practicing children . on are white 
. on girls a do mat arts martial red 
in martial hall people . practicing arts a training 
children move mat red on two perform . a a karate 
fighting two karate girls 
uniforms . girls in karate two in a <unk> struggle 
girls uniforms karate two little in dressed white . are 
martial . practice arts little two girls 
. little two a karate in <unk> <unk> girls 
. third while the sparring a girls white arts young person watches from in martial outfits side two 
surfing swimsuit wearing in the ocean black <unk> lone a a . 
away the kite camera . man is surfing from a 
water is a on . sky surfing the man 
a while . attached man to a parachute <unk> 
the water through a <unk> in background <unk> blue . waterskier with the 
in . a sits a just <unk> dress man and white a underneath shirt stone pants 
man on wearing staircase a a sitting pants white a black shirt and 
an brick sits an <unk> <unk> old man in . 
tunnel the . pants a shirt a man old of black a an with sits and in on white stone opening chair 
man elderly doorway . a sitting in 
a picture a their of front of in holding own person on bench a sitting . a face face 
picture their and a of a on in person front face . holding a bench sitting 
someone on bench up face front own a a wooden of . picture holding sitting their face of in the is 
avoid to being the newspaper face . his person with photographed blocks 
holding . the in face their a person is front of picture 
friend to him helps stone a a tries climb guy while . his cliff 
another climbs stands man in a behind help rock while him a red . shirt to man a 
how climb cliff red is a learning a man . shirt a in to 
in red rock a helping man is a brown a . climb man in 
a in man brown a sweatshirt . man wearing a climb helps red rock a 
small white woman . boy ball running a carrying a behind is a 
the grass ball boy a running a holding chases . in a woman small 
a holding boy chasing small small after . woman a a ball 
on is running a . woman after boy grass a the 
woman with a . after in child a lawn runs softball a grassy a 
a dog the toward through camera . the runs <unk> beige 
<unk> a a blond next path dog to a runs . down 
wooded a running brown area . is through dog a 
dog the through running is yard . the 
path yellow to is dog grass on next . in running a a the the bush 
man wall a wearing sitting lone on a concrete sunglasses 
dock sits a the at looking water man a by . 
bottle dock with on of sits a a man water a . 
bottle water man . pier of on a with himself sitting by a 
the on in the brown jacket the jetty by man . ground the is sitting 
at sits a on cellphone . while looking a wall girl her rock 
a her cellphone woman sitting . down checking 
a with while cellphone a wall concrete sitting her backpack woman at a on looks short . 
his while photos young sitting a person bench on the <unk> . 
phone a at woman black sitting and with looking , backpack . 
girl on wooden over she face structure while has cloth lies placed . purple a a her 
a is her <unk> face over herself a with towel . girl purple 
face deck lays piece with a her . of clothing covering a a wooden girl on 
sun woman the purple a . in a laying face by her covered is with young scarf 
a face deck hiding purple wooden on . cloth relaxes a with woman young a her 
. woman in bench red sitting a a a on black shirt 
bench and is a sitting staring near on . a red building woman a 
on of a front . sunglasses a wearing yellow in building sits red a bench woman 
woman shirt . in is red a the bright the bench sitting on brown 
sitting on a in woman . a black shirt bench red 
court boy a ball a in soccer in yellow kicks . basketball shorts a 
soccer basketball shorts boy a orange in little . a and plays on court <unk> 
court young a . kicks in a boy ball outdoor an 
flip orange and ball shorts buy . soccer in with flops plays 
little . pink soccer kicking ball basketball boy on court a 
man and waterfront . woman the a at a 
is man . standing beside water in a a buildings woman front of and 
looking down a leash and a . holding black a man woman 
a down . looks woman a wearing scarf 
stands the water near woman and . down a scarf a wearing looks 
blue a sky . glider in few a the air in hang clouds the high with 
parachute a above a yellow is person flying . with a green building 
parasail in air yellow a is the . 
glider hang many through above the . trees air green floating 
high rider kite flying the sky with in . sky 
a is guy . rock climbing 
rock climbing man a is . 
climbing a . rock man 
young blue a man face . with shirt in rock no ropes a climbs a up <unk> 
is in cliff a man a a rocky there climbing light shirt . 
log . is <unk> a outstretched water of dog black crossing that a is stream a fallen over 
a tree river made dog a of a on crossing a . bridge fallen 
log across dog a small river a a on . walks 
over is along bridge dog trunk black tree . the walking a water 
a stream dog the . fallen log across walks on the 
man a and rocks a by jeans mossy . blue large poses in shirt 
a forest . the laying in under a is man mossy rock large 
sitting is on . rock <unk> a man 
a man middle the lying hug a in of rock 
colorful a underneath and a sits man rock . large formation 
the water . plays a black dog in 
some 's above black water dog <unk> a . head 
a . dog splashes black in water the 
black labrador drenched the . water in 
the is of head 's out black poking dog water up the . 
is behind while child people a of crowd her . sit in a and stand gear posing winter 
young a dancing girl . 
a leg girl stands on one . young 
little closeup dancing girl of 
a blond grey park dances little people sweatshirt haired in . a seated with her at girl behind the 
brown the big running a through water , dog 
running through a . brown a pond dog 
in a . dog plays water 
. dog brown the water through splashes the 
dog . swimming the is 
four watching with a . dancing girl boys 
and tree and group together girls a talk of under boys sit a 
park a stand in of teenagers a group . 
<unk> . shade teenagers in the 
shade the a . in green six tree leafy kids of are the 
down road . person the dirt a as dog walks a follows 
a dog tan of ahead dry a in walks . a man area 
owner for is the a desert walk . dog through white with its a going 
a trail walking yellow along dog a is mountain 
background distant area desert in in with . man dog 
carrying stick dog brown a . a 
a carrying . on the dog stick a sand runs brown 
, the stick holding runs . sand on dog brown a a 
its in running . sand a a mouth stick across the with dog is 
on beach the stick the with . the playing dog is 
of in merry-go-round front little colorful a a baby standing 
little a watching is merry-go-round . a boy 
<unk> a watches in . wheel little boy a motion 
children at looks 's . merry-go-round boy the <unk> a on 
ride . colorful children child small <unk> a 's at looking 
is foot the sitting holding dish a whilst <unk> <unk> on girl . in little a the counter dangling one jet 
little . plays with <unk> a girl a 
. girl <unk> puts sunglasses feet kitchen little a wearing into her the 
<unk> young a girl . , in red plays a sunglasses in barefoot 
near wearing the young holds <unk> red and <unk> girl sits a a sunglasses . 
man rock . a climbing a 
man sunset . climbing rock is at a 
at a dusk man . a is scaling large boulder 
. rock scales man large a the 
climber scaling rock night . at 
uniform . boy in and a form karate poses 
a in uniform child is . small karate a punching 
a is . karate boy gym a in his young practicing 
. martial young a arts practicing boy 
standing in a . arts is pose child the young martial 
small water . background big a on the people two are the with on boat very in trees 
near two forest a canoe in are a . people riding 
water through the are a people . two rowing canoe 
a boat their trees large in paddle . way two people past 
row . a people boat two 
of a group boat . people rowing a 
a people . the group lake in large rowboat of a rowing 
<unk> skull a on a . of lake 
. water their long trees paddles team with the boat a behind through 
canoe many people near . ride forest in a a 
dogs black waves are at two the in jumping beach 
two in at black . the waves beach the play dogs 
two black the waves run dogs white a beach . into on 
dog playing a beach . waves the at two are 
the . dogs are two water in around running 
man a red . in a shirt in a the background a tree in foreground , the climbs rock 
behind a . climbing boulder a a person tree 
a big a under a . climbs tree rock person 
rock a area a <unk> in jumping and . person 
. boy in large red the rock shirt a climbs the 
he tree the is dust boy dirt runs by up a a as kicking in . 
a . running boy dirt brown in wearing 
dirty through boy . a dirt runs the 
the a path through dusty boy along grass . runs a dirt 
in country near boy dirt house a teenage runs a the . through the 
. are two a playing playground little boys on 
at one swing . park lounge a on two sitting boys , little a 
look <unk> boys the . playground two from toddler 
playground in young a two at boys <unk> 
equipment young with playground boys two 
reaches child a for a bar . 
a little . a for on in reaching blue a up boy bar navy playground 
child bar reaches for a a little . 
head for reaches boy . above blue pole 
in boy for bar . play background small another child in , area reaching blue 
paddling water a kayak beside face . a on large is rock man a 
water body is a rowing . in canoe of man a a 
night boat . a sky man a against a rows 
a with background a . person water canoeing black on 
person boat in rowing . water a the in their 
on . tricycles children 
children tricycles . riding the pavement on 
a to tricycle little are race kids lined race up . in 
. tricycles race children two a in ride 
are passing . children tricycles two pink banner riding a 
above on . sitting in rock girl a the red a is t-shirt clouds 
with off of the side large a one girl on a leg sits mountain hanging . 
in red the edge woman a cliff on of shirt a . a sitting is 
of in is a red edge steep woman on . sitting the a rock 
sitting cliff edge a is a woman of in . a the on shirt high red 
<unk> a pond dog . into brown a wading 
of the of on edge body water a . a dog 
a with lake into background dog the walking <unk> in a 
into . wearing a dog body a blue of walks a water leash 
large the a brown into water dog grassy the . from shore leans 
of woman of the tall middle blonde standing flowers a a pink in is field . 
with pink trees field in blonde tulips a . of green woman and a front walks distance , <unk> small the house through in a 
field a flowers in a sitting woman of 
a in , of among bunch little standing a back with . pink <unk> the woman flowers a 
and field blonde . tulips a pink the near field grassy a , trees is crouching in of woman 
. brown black a to blue trying catch ball and dog a 
. chasing dog ball a a 
dog a ball for tennis the blue jumps . 
blue dog large ball jumps for brown 
shepherd the . catch blue a is to german ball trying dog 
racing a . night are greyhounds on at track three 
a along track lean greyhounds race numbered . three , , 
at racing night two greyhounds 
right each the race other . horses alongside are two in 
greyhounds numbered racing . brown shirts in and white black , , 
head cement the . his with on pillar his a stands a hands boy <unk> above above 
the shorts street post in a . on colorful a child is in standing 
on in stands boy a stump his park hands head . a a his on small with cement 
shorts standing young man green . a stump and on wearing t-shirt and black white a a 
head . in and shorts small print their hands with standing white over shirt on child object 
dancing group four a of in children backyard a . 
in out the yard air into four children , leap . a , 
. and kids are four around playing jumping outside 
midair a while of in . have kids four young them taken picture 
two have their . as taken girls two and jump boys they photo 
plastic green top on on jumps little barefoot grass a the . and boy jumper white wearing orange shirt shorts a of an 
a on plays in red boy grassy field young a in shirt a a <unk> 
red boy plastic standing a wearing . toy shovel a holding a on object yellow and shirt 
toy with , a jumps boy . yellow green in on toy grass hand on 
a young . bouncing trampoline off boy 
a enjoys the boy big dot jumping . puddle on yellow 
boy jumping floor on a yellow . fountain the water painted on is that are a spots of 
. person blue a a and the the water spout above air yellow in in floor 
chasing a in small is child fountain water . a squirts 
jumping the young . air child in 
. dog smaller a chases a dog 
grass large dog is on . the running a 
a grass brown dog the chasing smaller . is larger on a dog grey 
a on yard runs after tan dog small tan dog grassy a large . a 
dog at tracks chasing a dog stops . look the big small it to its in 
the at camera the smile girls . 
three shirts wearing black girls smiling white 
. camera for three young smile the african-american girls 
black girls camera . three the for posing young 
white three at . wearing camera smile young girls the dresses 
motorcycle going a around a a corner . on man 
green man rides a a corner a around motorcycle 
a sharp on a motorcycle leans blue his a with into helmet . man turn 
sharp number in . motorcyclist leans for a a <unk> bike on turn a 
is helmet and black number the <unk> around corner motorcyclist a going a in blue . 
. large ball doberman blue a bites a 
blue biting a doberman a a on grassy ball . surface 
trying a puppy mouth rubber to put very in this a blue is ball large doberman 
a tries to large . dog black a ball large bite and blue brown 
to bite tries dog blue big . a the ball 
two chocolate faces pulling around . children their are with funny mouths 
mouth on . faces around one <unk> girls and are her making food two face has her funny 
two mouths girls chocolate with 
and two little girls haired brown their eyes <unk> are <unk> . 
little with one chocolate faces on face , her , . girls make two 
and <unk> a to a kneeling . next a man is tulips of tripod 
. a and tulips a taking large garden photographs of orange white man is of 
<unk> . tulips man a 
man . a and white of tulips yellow takes pictures 
his a photographer garden tulips of next <unk> a . eyes in 
water off a . body black dog shaking his is 
leash water while some shakes in a dog a . on 
dog in the murky water a splashes . 
a a on shallow standing . in water red leash dog 
of the water water him off the dog . in shaking black 
girl a <unk> skirt teal shirt wearing in is sign a colored with . and a young peace a 
skirt a fluffy young wearing . while teal a girl smiles 
wearing girl smiles blue . a young 
and the running . is girl little laughing 
a . white peace a girl t-shirt sign a and the foam little sea is tutu green with wearing 
homeless and begging , for money sign beer up <unk> pot holds for a . a a man 
<unk> <unk> man . sign " that <unk> a <unk> , " reads a <unk> i outside for , and holds beer a a hotel money pot 
man . money in a a holds begging seattle sign for 
a sweatshirt looking man holding sign a . a <unk> black in 
. asking for money man is the 
beach a dog the running on 
dog runs sand across a . 
a the beach . on dog walks 
with wet skinny . brown across a runs his mouth sand open dog the 
is through running the sand the dog wet . 
on in <unk> a a two . <unk> sitting are sidewalk peace <unk> outside <unk> 
sitting men next shopping a . homeless cart building to two with a 
front men the two of in stores sit on sidewalk . 
shopping men belongings with with on their the . sidewalk filled carts two sit 
sitting two a shopping are against carts near . building people 
blond in a on grass air dog the jumps . the 
jumping medium sized a brown dog 
dog grass a on very short walking muscular . is 
is grass . <unk> a dog over tan 
looks running brown while mean dog 
two the white in a . are field playing dogs 
in dogs field the little run two . 
dogs running white two 
dogs running white two grass in . together the 
white the run through . dogs grass two 
boys a tree are lined walking down dirt path . two 
away children by , a surrounded two down . trees walking path 
down . children a walking forest path two 
children a down path . the woods walking in two 
kids the a walking woods two are in . path on 
. standing dog is a in a brown lake 
swimming dog a . brown in is a creek 
in a pond dog a swimming 
in swimming body of water dog 
is . brown the water dog swimming in the 
floor dog on lying a that sniffing dog is the is a white . brown 
a being by . dog under another lays table dog <unk> a 
furniture under sniffing . dog dog another lying 
on the one ground . dog sniffs another lying 
over floor . him ear is the , standing and another laying his dog there on licking a 
a on . does motorcycle a track man on wheelie a the 
red on a . rocket <unk> man a 
rider . a wheelie doing a motorcycle 
down track the red and someone . motorcycle driving in front in red a a the uniform white a wheel is and with air white 
on red pulls the the . racetrack wheelie a motorcycle 
dog tan cream and <unk> dog . run colored a through a 
brown a across and dog dog a . white grassy field running a 
bound . dogs two grass the across 
across are towards a dogs two field running . skinny grassy camera 
fast running tall two dogs through dry thin grass are . 
of brown smiles camera lady trees in at haired front the a . 
in standing <unk> an is some whilst girl asian smiling of . bushes green 
hair . with woman jacket wearing brown asian a an green 
young some shrubs stands a . front of in woman 
woman young bushes smiling brunette in front . of 
busy t-shirt standing street man in . outside on a a a is white 
on . in a with busy a background and stands the shops man buildings street 
some buildings of in of interesting a man young picture front . a 
on . poses corner street man 
with for shorts a shirt . and green man poses white picture 
<unk> man near cart . outside bag a with shopping a shopping a 
the a a belongings gathers side of his building man . by 
a is a bag in cart . a a cap a beside bicycle man black shopping opening and 
and man grocery a near looks bike some in bag a a . carts 
bike and <unk> at a grocery brick with , red a cart outside a building a . , man 
just his of a fetch the woods out dog . big black with man plays 
a a prepares for to stick dog fetch . a in black to front throw man of him <unk> 
throwing a and his for . man tan a black stick dog 
and dog man throwing watching stick 
. a throwing stick for man to black the chase the the is jacket dog in 
. pulling faces children three purple are bench on a 
faces are girls a purple little three making and on funny sitting bench . 
. wooden faces three photo on swing over little a make girls an <unk> in silly 
swing three park girls a a young bench on are . sitting in 
young pose girls three outside . together 
his bicycle . a dusty boy on a tire rocky with through yard a walks shoulder 
. child is large hoop carrying small a a 
tire is his child a holding small a over shoulder . 
bicycle small a . his carries shoulder a tire boy on very 
tire dirty a carrying a down rubber boy road is young . 
by a a black brown cow dog and cow a chased being 
chased a a brown and black cow being dog a cow by 
a . a small from bull and dog black black runs brown 
brown <unk> near a dog them cow . one black as a jumps a 
black dog brown cow chasing and cow 
. a couple kisses 
couple a busy sidewalk kisses a on . 
on busy a street . couple kisses the 
while shoulder a . crowd a each other in man standing her on woman a kissing with purse and a 
the the embrace on . street couple 
paddling is pool wearing a boy red into a . shorts jumping 
in boy in . kiddie a trunks pool a little red plays 
boy outdoor pool kiddie into a little jumping an is 
a child 's . into backyard a in pool boy little a jumps 
swimsuit a into boy kiddie wearing blue a a red young jumps . pool 
green fast grass a . is on running black dog 
is dog black grass . a running in the 
yard running the dog in black a is 
standing a black . the is dog on grass 
<unk> something . and a dog runs , on black 
near a house at carnival a people group a of fun . 
of through a a people . group walk carnival 
people standing . at carnival outside a 
. it that painted many building <unk> outside on walk people a of has 
a of painted several . building front a are in people colorful 
watching in a him a smiles bandanna man shirt purple the . red at people dressed and 
and wearing <unk> <unk> street a man the <unk> a . on leather 
shirt the . leather camera and black a man purple <unk> wearing a for poses 
man <unk> dressed shirt of in purple stands and onlookers in leather front 
men purple standing a a leather , in red bandanna near <unk> , is shirt . other there and man a 
in of group people . a house a front of 
hat brick man of a , woman , in a a building blue in sunglasses stripes and a a in front . child in 
a and nearby woman a . boy stands shirt and in man flowered a while sit sunglasses blue a 
left looks to sunglasses flowered shirt wearing a woman and a . the 
three building a of a . one waiting school and adults are <unk> child , outside 
a camel carries two stuff . <unk> 
camel front in large people couple a of the of in walking tan a desert 
camel child , woman with , near walking a . a <unk> and tree 
standing to carrying camel water in desert next tree 
camel with him to by two a stand <unk> . strapped people 
goofy at bride a a look other groom each and picture . in 
his talking a to bridge . he scratches is and the groom head 
, mouth other her to formally with a . dressed stand next each open couple she , 
groom <unk> with a a a and bride . dress 
fist suit dress his a puts with <unk> black man head arm as a his around his woman in <unk> he . a a in white 
a bench hat and in a man . a reads a book park sunglasses on 
is camouflage a a on book man a <unk> reading and cap jeans . bench sitting in 
a book a bench on reading man sitting a is . and 
park bench a a on . a man reads <unk> 
. a a black and sunglasses wearing metal a on hat camouflage book a man bench reading 
taking pictures are a a group outside building . brick of people 
. group meeting people a a gathered of for 
outside a sits . building people a group of 
for building front gather in people <unk> of 
brick steps on front in people several of . are a building gathered the 
dog . dog the and black an a in , are white a orange and grass black dog 
, a white running a and dog are in a a park dog and black dog black golden . 
running and a dogs area . in playing grassy 
three grass there with in them running . the are trees behind dogs 
dogs park . at the three 
dog black to and man about throw . a white looks at something a 
man throw a dog ocean the a for a into . to ball waits 
a on dog man his playing with beach a 
playing on his toy in dog man a his a with hand . a with beach 
playing beach man black white with dog on and . rocky 
a on boy a a at . is pole playground 
spins a playground a boy . on park 
a a pole a . on child playground slides down 
the playing in kid a playground 
playground spins boy a . and little a sits on 
colored cream dog . grass green runs a through 
runs the a through dog . grass 
yard <unk> bounds breed . sized happily a around recently <unk> dog medium the 
a yellow dog across running lawn . a 
. dog grass yellow the a through runs 
a a . jumping catch to up white is dog black and frisbee green 
black . frisbee high dog a and white green jumps a get to 
a building of red front in catching dog a . a frisbee 
dog and . black for white leaping frisbee 
. jumps catch the frisbee dog the up to 
on jumping black in nose dog a while its gold balancing the and air ball soccer white a 
its nose . dog balances soccer on black a ball a 
in up <unk> his a mouth holds front the ball of soccer home on a in dog . a grass black 
a black jumping dog soccer . ball a get to 
dog with . a soccer a ball plays 
woman at shooting . gun her range a a shooting practicing 
a practice . woman target shoots at 
range gun woman is a an firing wearing at shooting a . protection indoor ear 
woman a at young shoots target . a a gun 
range in <unk> girl a target pink shirt at . at firing the 
man edge throwing two , of . a and is is dogs pond is water branch with standing a a at 
dogs his it the fetch a man two into throwing is go a water so big . stick and 
man a . watch throwing into waterway while is log a two dogs a 
a white to and jacket water throws and . into a dog looks whilst brown the stick a dog for green person black on a white in fetch a 
two . someone 's water edge is with at the dogs 
potato truck of walking chip a the and two path 's people . at end a lay 
woman around a are arm truck they potato man a towards her chip has walking . a and 
<unk> a checks woman <unk> the out top in . potato tank a with decorated 
truck are walking a people lays towards two . 
potato toward walk people a two chip . truck 
kite . boy flying a and red white a 
kite flying boy . smiling is a at a and the camera 
child . a flying kite a 
up a the . high is little in boy kite a air flying 
. a distant flying kite boy 
the <unk> bark grass in . an with at mouth to open a machine a making appears bubble 
in the from a catch trying dog . a machine bubble grass bubbles to 
catch to small in a dog trying bubbles the brown grass 
small playing grass a in bubbles with dog . brown 
<unk> bubbles bites dog by made bubble blowing machine a at a . 
jumping the barren tan dog a through in some trees with background field the 
a runs . dog brush through tan the 
dog on runs a . grass white brown 
through field beige dog running is spots . white with a a 
running is colored light through . dog the a field 
. jumping a a over girl rope jump 
jumps over shoes girl . a and wearing pink a smiles rope 
rope . shorts plays a jump wearing girl 
over yellow is rope girl . a jumping little a 
with and a big is girl . hair small jumping a rope smile brown 
with in three a children white field flowers 
stuffed children of , flowers kitten . field , a with a one three in 
the in . garden three play children 
<unk> . children three among pose 
kids . <unk> in three with garden a toy a cat 
collar is ball a blue dog a . green through chasing brown a in <unk> 
. a ball chases through a dirt dog 
to running a dog towards is a . it catch ball 
white dog a a runs wearing ball blue for collar . a green 
dust running after and the is up <unk> . dog ball a 
black a run beach dog the . and on a grey dog 
a by . beach a across dog sandy dog white and ocean black are the a running 
black a beach the along chasing dog is . dog another 
body water sand on running along dogs the two are of 
on the beach the two along running water . are dogs 
her cement a on straw . in skirt hat a stairs hands is and head with floral woman her wearing sitting 
sitting hat with a a straw is outdoors woman on steps . 
the girl . on steps concrete wearing hat straw the sitting is the 
outside steps . on woman the sits the 
. her on sits hat her with , woman hands on and dress steps , the the wearing head a 
chases dog brown frisbee a a 
dog . frisbee brown attempting mouth to its a in is a catch 
frisbee trying a a to is brown catch dog . 
. a <unk> grass brown on dog 
dog the leaping is . a brown to frisbee catch 
young a . boy in pool the splashes 
goggles jumping young man wearing the <unk> swimming up a of pool 
children two . inflatable pool an play in 
two kids a . pool play in 
in boys . water with with their pool on an up <unk> swimming two goggles play inflatable to smiling 
front object to dog in another a of in with . its next mouth a in golden green fence stands dog field a blue golden grassy a 
a heavily <unk> a from attempts <unk> pitbull to . pitbull take another 
other in . the tan two each the <unk> green grass dogs 
in two park playing dogs . a grassy 
a play grass green dogs in . two field with a of blue tan toy 
on running is the dog brown a grass . 
very dog a his with brown is out . tongue fast running 
through brown running . dog grass the a 
on a the dog . grass runs brown 
through runs grass . dog brown a the 
a crawling through boy cement <unk> a 
a tube a in boy 
a hoodie in a a white . young tube large boy dressed , through crawling black 
. crawling white young boy a through tube a is 
crawling tunnel . a through boy cement 
with down . a slides his slide a legs apart boy 
while boy slide a sliding laughing a . little down 
and a grass sweatshirt the smiling shorts . boy a metal blue camouflage slide a with in on 
a child and is in . sliding down blue slide hoodie shorts a 
metal down . boy is the sliding slide a 
. child swing on a a 
<unk> that girl field is on is rope swinging in red an a with blue a . object 
girl swing rope camera smiling the at a from a . 
red on rope in around girl end dressed with at black young . a swings ball a 
swinging hat set young on girl a a pink a . swing wearing 
horses helmets . a in ring wearing ride children 
kids are riding a horses ring in . 
. over two horses sand are near children riding a fence white 
ride and helmets two horses wear children area inside a the sand fenced over . 
fence young . white within two riding are horses a girls 
black board along dog . and is a running white blue a 
down a and a his blue white black open running ramp dog . mouth with 
black a and blue over walking ramp white a dog dog 
dog black a . runs platform on a 
. walks across a tall dog a ladder 
a in of a dog . dog brown frisbee front with a 
while a <unk> black . follows catching a large brown frisbee after large dog is a dog 
colored romp dogs blue two dark the . a frisbee grass in with 
dogs catching in two grass . blue are <unk> 
catching a two playing are is dogs frisbee one ; . 
dog a jumping a on course barrier over a 
<unk> jumping , the in a . woman , a over a dog obstacle back watching 
dog jump . leaps of a a dog 
shepherd in german over a striped jumping is . competition three a bars 
running bars . and dog jumping high 
. a pushing another the boy swing on boy 
is in in a shirt pushing and blue boy blue shorts a that swing little sitting blue a jeans boy red and the is a shirt in little . 
swing a boy on one pushes . another 
wearing . wearing a boy on boy a swing blue riding shirt another him one shirt pushing a while red 
young boy pushing on boy one a . another swing young 
. past sun sailing boat the <unk> a 
a sailboat in water . the 
in sailboat . water a the <unk> at 
blue in ship a a sails . sea 
the looking old sailing is at ship sunset 
black . a and a stand <unk> dog a man range mountain atop 
rocky dog on mountain a and a a stand black man . 
dog . a a on dune a taking picture a man of 
man with a a of and dog mound a gravel a . on camera 
man on to . top next is of the the a dog taking standing rocks a photograph 
after dog snow in dog black running . the is a white a 
black through snow dog brown dog chasing 
across dogs snowy other two each chase the ground . 
two in the . dogs together snow play 
water body through of . dogs a running two lying low 
in the front dog kitchen of counter . is white , the jumping small in a 
the on a . white climb <unk> dog to tries 
on white the . dog to tries a jump counter 
a orange ribbons <unk> to see is a white with up dog . jumping 
kitchen . dog reach orange on white with to counter bows leaps ears 
on ? next is where wall it " are to you a with walking a . painted " man 
" you reads a ? are wall . " a where walking asking man 
<unk> reads man a walks " and that under where " ? reads you a bridge are 
" walks a ? <unk> with a man where " which says you <unk> are past 
short ? walking on a tunnel written people with are . through where " " wall you the 
eyes a with down goes closed . blue a his boy slide 
his a down young closed a smiling slides blue eyes , woman sunglasses boy while . a slide with watches with 
mom down a watches slide slides blue child young while male . a his 
of top the blue . the with down slide child slide at sliding mother a 
. camera background down little woman in coming , smiling blue boy at slide 
dog a . a red in jumping harness black 
up a . <unk> black a into dog pool 
fence the a . dog blue sprints black near 
a his <unk> into the as . man water leaps black dog watches 
dog looks man . running while on black 
on boy some cutout wall little a letters is . putting the 
<unk> the child playing a " " with <unk> small is <unk> of 
a paper a sticks wood <unk> to wall " . <unk> " letters toddler 
child the wooden paper sticking a is letters wall . to 
" with the toddler " . paper <unk> plays <unk> pajamas in of <unk> 
lawn on . a <unk> boy poses a 
. boy green running grass a through 
the a runs through child grass . 
grass in young a a standing shirt field is green child white in a of 
between blue running trees is the shirt boy wearing . grass on the the the 
children a of crowd . 
are white crowd skirts tops . wearing and large of a tank green all girls 
dressed group people in a young of white large tops green and all bottoms 
party boys a . girls at and 
aged kids <unk> <unk> school at school their . a are <unk> middle showing 
dog yard with mouth object black green a a in . in a its 
toy catching dog a a in mouth its . 
dog catches black its the something green mouth . in 
black of has toy dog the . a the front tree in its mouth green in 
a catching dog mouth its is black toy there a green . in 
his a with grass above in is tongue out leaping beige . the dog the air 
big . runs field hanging a grass dog through tongue with his tan a 
a . through a runs dog brown field 
with the background trees grassy tan a running field dog through in a 
running in the field . large dog 
for from girl . little a to drink holds the water hose dog the 
girl the brown the pouring big dog water is water is water yellow up and a out is . a hose drinking holding and little 
drinking . brown a , holds to is a girl which from hose running her young a next dog water 
the from drinking is dog the little . by the being squirted girl the water hose 
. for the dog is a a brown hose girl yellow little holding 
a . running dog is a yellow in a jersey race 
a race the while in number 6 . dog wearing a participating 
running track the yellow jacket . and a a on wearing dog a six number greyhound on muzzle is a 
muzzled a race running dog 
race dog running a for first is 
a on . bench individuals two sit park 
reading people chairs two in . 
in books people . chairs reading lawn two 
and sitting huddled flowers , book brown on hair near . two , people with over chairs 
women chairs green looking on are book . a at two 
three have the girls <unk> . 
children play three on pretending to are instruments rug . a 
children like play with their together . <unk> and <unk> three act 
<unk> living girls . three room <unk> pretend to be a in rock 
. home sing dance three <unk> wearing girls sunglasses family in a and 
. in man the background around sign a with holding a walking people 
old suit in . a protest man up in crowd a of holding an people sign a 
event animal at an outdoor man sign . by an a stands <unk> 
. near sign a crowd man a holding stands a protest 
, picture suit behind background a and shirt an jacket tan with the cap with scene in other man in outdoor . plaid people 
on grass toy . carries a dog black a the 
is carrying grass stick . black a black dog the in a 
a with walking grass . on the in stick black mouth a dog is its 
on plays the with a toy dog grass a . black 
is dog toy the with a . walking 
a sidewalk a running people through large couple fountain 
fountain through water is running a boy . a young 
in a . are large fountain the city under children 
through fountain runs child city 
fountain run . children a through some 
a boy swing a . set from jumps 
in swing and a jumping a from midair child is is . 
jumping out . a target of ground placed child a on the swing toward a 
toward and a flies swing . a pad landing a jumps child off 
. motion in jumps is a while swing child it off of a 
yellow high bike a in gets a shirt very a air in with the . guy 
man his midair a handlebars bike holding 's in 
trick performing a a man the high is in with air bicycle . a 
bike is high man the shirt his air in trick . a doing wearing a a with yellow 
. man handlebars onto bike holding while in midair 
wall straps all boy a him harness black black . wearing as getting to the ready a man into climb the 
to man climbing a wall a go a . preparing boy and up 
. for rope climb a a 's who a to wall holds man boy a about 
man climbing a a wall rock a harness a . prepares standing safety for before boy 
ready <unk> boy wall climb . rock getting harnessed and young to is a a 
a down car mostly blue . a road dirt drives 
road an track on a blue off car race 
road . men blue the road car on on car higher and slightly a in a with small a <unk> background 
car race road blue down narrow driving 
onlookers as watch dirt going blue road . car a , bright down 
a eats sitting man together while . couple the corn 
of a and corn a wearing them . with man a crowd behind people female a eating big yellow 
woman while a . cob eats to man a corn on the talking 
a . woman ear the shirt corn yellow other on at a one with a a in in man an of arm tattoo looks and 
a sitting next yellow . in man with cob to corn woman of a a 
a a head picture holds his . boy over 
his sleeve head is above holding . shirt box boy a long in a a 
holding something inside on boy . top his a head of is 
. box boy cardboard his holds head decorated a little on a 
a . box <unk> cardboard a young boy his with atop head 
eats . <unk> a person 
young <unk> . a large with eats boy <unk> 
eats gray a pasta young a boy shirt wearing . 
mouth huge sticks . pile of boy <unk> in 
kid pasta eating 
. the ground <unk> a on between the ball and <unk> the laying is 
ball . is man lying , game a ground the during a , laughing on 
a playing shot closely <unk> . a man cricket 
guy the cricket playing grass on lying 
the cricket . player the misses catching ball just 
batsman swinging a cricket 
man playing a cricket 
a swings . back bat a uniform baseball large wearing man a with 
clothes cricket . wearing playing white a man 
up holds . to baseball ready swing his the player bat 
beach at rocky owner his and a a . dog 
a on . rocks and on man dog a a beach 
and dog seashore man rocky on a . a 
the rocks brown person a large over dog walking ocean their near is . 
next water rocks and on man to standing dog 
the lying above a on a is a ground is . face rock climber climbing <unk> that below 
a man rock a climbs . 
a . a man climbing is rocky mountain 
in cave a is rocky his a back man . on 
a dark is man rocky a up a shirt . climbing <unk> brown with 
at little a lady . a them boy smiles boy holds while little another 
toddler holds a an while . older lady watches boy another 
green boy woman white shirt in a a whilst yellow a . smiling holds in a looks a on sweater child smiling 
next to while her a baby a smiling sits boy a holds woman . 
holds a while on another a child baby looks . woman 
and hula with playing red hoops white a girl dress . in a is 
a a hoops skirt hula some girl red with in 
multiple little . a hoops hula with girl colorful hoops 
a hula . skirt hoops brightly long girl four little hula is red hooping in with colored a 
small . skirt the in played red with the girl hoops the hula 
from distance people moves road watch race the a down a . as two car 
and a numbered car take people race a as pictures is bend watch , <unk> <unk> . two 
at <unk> spectators a silver is passing two car are blue . rally who the and standing 
standing going watched curve being around blue silver by people grass and in car 
. dust people silver blue watch road and two car raises <unk> as marked background on 
dog through the black swimming water is . a 
black . dog swimming a 
swimming dog . water in a black 
head . lab swims a the , only above black its with water 
the is . dog swimming drenched 
dog a , wearing a , water and brown moving is . through white some collar 
a a with white wading brown a . dog collar and in river 
the in . is dog a water 
standing dog in water a . 
through swims dog . a the water 
a jump . black performing a cyclist to advertising next is banner a 
a in trick male doing midair bicycle . a 
man white bike in t-shirt yellow . on a his a jumping something 
cyclist takes a trick . air 
is a ramp trick off a bicycle performing with a the . man 
having a a fun ball tennis with dog 
a beach a . on dog in has the mouth ball its 
a is the dog sand a small ball with . playing on 
ball beach dog is the playing with . white a a on 
on ball dog a small a in its beach mouth . catching 
large climbs rocks a . man 
dark be . to clothes in rocks a man appears climbing 
a man rock rock is climbing . on natural a 
climbs a . rock man 
<unk> looking picture up climber at a this rock . 
in white frisbee and with his mouth brown a dog a . 
<unk> front frisbee . a off the dog in his white ground a paws holds his mouth in with an rv 
dog frisbee white for and jumps a brown white . a up 
catching dog frisbee . 
in and mouth . brown a is dog his the frisbee catching white 
girl in while a shirt looking sitting the wooden on . is a a black to side bench 
of her grass bench <unk> ponytail in , the a and flowers a sitting . wooden girl a before at 
grass amongst the sitting girl a on a bench 
sitting cloudy on a a a bench in park a woman day on 
a on young . bench sits a woman 
<unk> at a and bench <unk> sitting 2 <unk> on a 
, other <unk> are train each woman waiting a . a a and for man 
behind on white them a a bus a green blue red in in and pants near jeans a man woman bench with . sits 
waiting five . are for sitting the on benches bus people 
wait a . people bench on two 
german a suit safety in man police a training a . shephard 
man a dog a to trains . attack 
bitten wearing dog a padded man is . protection shepherd arm being german a by 
bitten wearing dog is a man his by pads <unk> . a on being 
dog a is bitten a man a with <unk> by . glove 
near animals dog three . farm is outside a with horns 
sheep with horns three . a dog to <unk> prepares 
a dog group a the the . and goats of with grass white in small background in black 
field nearby in a <unk> . together a dog is sheep while 
with behind dog grassy the a sheep . <unk> on field walking three them 
blocking a uniform a a carrying a uniform in blue boy football . boy yellow is in another 
in pushing jersey a yellow . another football a player away player is 
tackled player is young football trying avoid . to being the 
on football playing . two teams opposing boys 
fight ball the football two for . and uniforms yellow players young blue wearing 
boat dogs group . of a their with a yellow in men 
while and look . on another hands the dogs men <unk> man 
the three the dogs boat . three and <unk> in men yellow 
uniforms a men yellow are . surrounding three dog in boat a in team 
men dog two huddle a around . 
hat brown <unk> a with kilt . in a plaid long dressed pole a a boy 
a a large a holding stick wearing <unk> kilt boy 
near a while a grassy a rod . on child bridge a is area standing holding 
with boy stick in a fishing little is a . a kilt 
. long girl a holding uniform a is dressed young very in stick a 
on the white dress girl a . in beach a 
in girl a toward walks dress on white boots . a the from and away a beach white water 
barefoot beach a . a on walking girl 
her boots a . the in leaves little white girl in as behind she walks sand 
white in white the . boots walks beach a dress on with the foreground water in a a toward woman 
. turn rally and a white black takes the car 
group a . <unk> race car 
and fans the nearby going around black the fast track race car white is watch . while 
<unk> . black is the car turn and the race white 
up . hill race car the speeding the is 
brown white dog black and with a dog . playing 
at . two one another look outside dogs 
two playing dogs 
the playing grass with other dogs each two small in 
small grass dogs the run green across two . 
rough grass brown green play dogs two . on 
two play dogs 
. tan <unk> colored two dogs are outdoors 
tan near the dogs grass wall . play two the on 
<unk> dogs two . yellow 
slide . splashes from pool into a <unk> a water , a boy 
bottom stands the in at the a of blue slide boy a pool water . 
the as the <unk> pool makes a emerges . child water from in a he splash 
blue splashes slide in . water a water big a near girl the 
one slide green blue water . and one 
and a dirt the water in racing white car 
drives . white a through race a car puddle 
a makes white a race wet car . through a track splash 
a race a puddle dirt road white car splashes through on a 
in a car track rally white into the mud air a the . bend throwing it approaches is as 
. drives racetrack car race a through <unk> a 
a . paved on red while track a <unk> car smoke 
a off smoking pulls track car race the . red 
red race striped . ribbons white road with car a travels a red down and marked 
<unk> car taking . in race rally a red a turn a 
. a driving yellow water the car from is away 
a group in is car of a . driving yellow a people front race track on of 
race driving the through is . a water yellow on course car race 
as . watch spectators car through yellow sliding corner a race a 
, behind it a smoke curve with car in race a . yellow 
a building . standing palm skinned <unk> on yellow one male is of a in front 
a dances man break . 
holding one with front i man himself . of a arm a store 
jumps man on table a a . young 
dancing be the break to black man . this appears on pavement 
grabs ball the of player while out from basketball has fallen on court . frame the at another 
players . <unk> are the the two basketball ball court on for 
, to two . of the struggle one on players <unk> , basketball a basketball possession floor 
players two . falling to reach floor ball to high school grab the the one , basketball 
. struggle uniforms ball men two for basketball , in playing the 
. tongue out bench her on sticks girl a a 
tongue sticking dress a sitting , on a girl a park blue bench out in . little her 
sticking out bench girl a tongue little in her a 
the on . the dress in wooden bench sitting little girl blue is a 
is an bench on little and a making old the girl face sitting 
stands cliff . man ocean the a on overlooking a 
blue grassy stands a man that deep <unk> . a cliff a ocean on 
a cliff man the ocean <unk> of a edge on stands the . 
on overhang stands a the of a . cliff man 
and the meet water over blue ledge the . a horizon standing on water body a at of rock man sky are and 
is boy sand the . in through a striped running green top barefoot a 
. boy runs sand a the through 
shirt barefoot . the sandy boy hill wearing a a in striped runs 
down stripped dune . boy in young a shirt running a sand a 
in enjoys the <unk> sand the . playing 
a while group girl to of 5 a are waiting together takes street the in and girls school cross uniforms standing picture . one 
a together . people takes are of outside a photograph one standing as group 
one . standing taking together pictures while school of are group a is girls 
. stand together of group women a young 
. girls in school uniforms 
girl a a dressed swing pink on in swings little 
young . rides girl a horse rubber a 
a wearing young smiles rides a pink swing and girl . 
girl pink in . ride a is on little 
smiles pink a . swing she on in rides the girl as black 
flowers of a woman stands white headscarf by . garden a a in 
and some is . woman beautiful in standing flowers a <unk> a tree behind a head white 
sits in woman flowers near a . a white headscarf white 
tulips is a a woman headscarf wearing . near many 
distance flowers hair woman a some over in . the her wearing scarf a behind 
to a a garbage beside <unk> cart looking the to her shopping can . digs through lady 
. an woman trash <unk> <unk> elderly 
. cans the a to cart <unk> in put in woman trash grocery her for 
cart is a through a woman <unk> . with trashcan a shopping 
. going lady the through trash bag 
white a car line to finish cross lone race about blue the and 
crowd a car the by . race observed is 
on is a white car . blue the and street 
car by watching and white spectators race blue . passing 
is , white with and road in . nearby the blue the car onlookers 
race blows a . it drives while car smoke 
drives a on race a behind while several from rope people watch track . car 
a . <unk> car through race a as spectators turn watch 
sponsored being spectators a race on while . its by a tires spinning is track car watched 
out has onlookers that <unk> back coming . car the watch white smoke of a 
a suit in boy bathing . in water stands a 
a . on day little creek in a stands a boy sunny 
. wearing water standing colorful toddler in shorts is the a 
in wet water standing . child a 
little boy water <unk> in . 
of <unk> a band members a group doing 
carrying in in skirts girls , line walk , circle white of of . green a a drum front tops and <unk> a in group 
a performing marching band . 
a performs marching an in band <unk> 
green and . white band some outfits marching in members 
a on near jumps grass <unk> the a sea girl the sandy . area over 
sand through a running <unk> some grass girl . <unk> with 
girl . the scarf is wearing on a playing a beach jacket and 
sandy . girl jumping down a a is hill little 
green small shirt a black , jumping with scarf off her in a wearing hand sandy hill girl grassy a . a 
. through white dog medium a tall is and <unk> running brown grass sized 
tall through <unk> dog grass a green . <unk> single 
through running small white brown dog tall and . grass a 
. a dog grassy through runs small field a 
a white dog and grass . tan through tall runs green the 
and girl . on boy balls large bounce a 
a girl on on boy and red the little yard bounce . balls blue and grass in 
a are gated bouncing children behind toys their . <unk> on two <unk> 
hopping balls two on inflatable . are children 
two on the kids yard balls bouncing in 
on girl sweater a in grass . a runs red the 
the runs girl . in in grass the a little pavement a green coat red toward 
young . shirt the girl grass wearing a and skirt white running red a through a 
the a . the with across girl is grass red walking coat 
a red is shirt wearing walking little girl through . the the grass 
drives her a a behind a girl boy plays toy while truck young 
boy a girl jeep driving toy is little little a chases red . a who 
her . brother a while walks toy rides behind little a girl car 
a in girl little background stands with jeep blue drives red sunglasses while . in dressed black a a little <unk> boy the 
boy a young a play chasing girl . young blue in is car sitting in a 
and a at a slide a party baby slip at of end the 
in child . the is and playing game a on slide grass slip a 
children pool while 's a is child in splashing the children a are playing in background other 
child playing pool an in inflatable a . 
. sliding a down is child small a slip slide <unk> 
two rollerblading . boys 
sidewalk two appear to a fun down . rollerblading men having be 
a sidewalk two down rollerblading . men are 
a rollerskating sidewalk men on are two 
two wearing wearing rollerblading the a , green , one are other red men . shirt 
another man a . items as security door guards the off his one <unk> 
a car to stands subway several next . with bags worker a garbage inside 
bag someone a big . subway pulling black onto is a 
a <unk> there a is subway . of out getting car 
a <unk> subway . of out door trash 
a dog leans white its . down to a pet baby mouth beside 
. white child a and small a dog small 
down white . touch bends small dog a a child to 
a the . petting white dog is toddler little 
with a <unk> . dog plays a young 
. a girl runs a a in by dress man followed jeans in 
girl man on walkway and a little . a running a are 
paved a trail dress down little man flowery a chases in a girl a . 
chasing man red skirt a . a girl a blue young white wearing and 
, wearing man . in white and a girl tutu red behind running blue maroon shirt running a 
standing of a person large near . people at sidewalk on a a gathering tent the 
a a is holding drink of front a tent woman . in white 
a crowd of woman in a orange cup holding front . an stands 
a outdoor shoes an <unk> at with . woman event 
to in with hand next . a her tent drink woman standing a 
on pink pushes scooter a a herself a girl . sidewalk <unk> down 
. a girl on a riding scooter sidewalk a 
the child down . neighborhood in a a rides scooter sidewalk small a on 
skateboard riding . helmet young down girl a in a a sidewalk a 
scooter child red . helmet the with a on a small sidewalk a rides 
a of group kids . a fence look of out 
some fence at a animal through type of of kids . stares group a 
children . fence through look a 
side in children side cage . a two by adults animals looking at standing five and 
lined and . looking through several up at a children fence 
. climbing topless male whilst a a safety is to a attached harness climber rock face rock 
a red climbs from with without help a man rope . a shirt a rock wall 
shirtless . rock a climbs man 
. a face rock man climbs shirtless steep 
boarding . rock a the climbing rope in red with man shorts is 
a . a ride yellow a takes on family boat 
sitting a boat of talking people a group in . 
enjoy time people boat on . 
a are several people . on white boat 
. are yellow people there a boat seven and on white 
and direction man a away redheaded a the man . from as other woman in walk camera the walks 
grassy sidewalk next , field . wooded walk a pedestrians a on to 
walking around people park area a . are 
around with a people <unk> grassy in trees area . 
in <unk> a young adults dressed walk around . field 
night a talking stand . of group outside at people 
a of stand a nighttime group people at . on balcony 
of white a , are fence them holding a one four standing . by guys frisbee 
a stand and at men . four night female near rail one 
people . stand and talk 
and . concrete stairs man woman a sitting on are 
woman and outside cement on a . a store sit of stairs man 
jacket food a man on in a business in a . suit sharing a with red woman sits leather a step 
hat . pink a steps grey sitting few wearing on a wearing a staircase sitting a a jacket behind a woman with man 
golf to woman the pink the wearing talking cap the . man is wearing <unk> the 
. brown splashing a through water dog 
pond dog running through a a is 
the water . dog pounces a into 
the water shallow is large brown running . dog through 
is there dog a running in brown chocolate . water 
orange ride fence by the couple a to next . ocean bikes an 
a man the boardwalk ride a . and woman on bikes 
and man water a woman aged . road a middle the bikes down ride beside 
ride and woman boardwalk man the bikes ocean older near the on an 
and , on man riding paved bikes fenced woman . path ocean near 
walks red wheelchair with woman wearing a a a little . in boy 
sweater yellow bound . green a jersey a a toddler past red wheelchair a woman wooden being is by and a followed in bench in 
toddler a a a at a wheelchair park in and woman . 
a boy young a orange . park in a in sweater and wheelchair follows woman a 
a a in follows park at woman a boy wheelchair . a young 
the a is blonde . haired a bottom boy at slide of 
a stomach at on a slide laying looks . bottom the up child of their 
red . child on a slide a 
sliding slide her a on girl . a little belly down 
of the the slide . boy bottom a smiles young at 
playground in sand a girls playing . 
sand . two box in play girls a 
row little next to a sand <unk> sitting <unk> in of . girls two are a 
in girls little <unk> two make . a <unk> 
<unk> making the sand young . two upside in down girls <unk> 
. <unk> blue an a a her over woman obstacle dog in shirt 
woman a white . that a red dog beside running jumping a and fence is is training over <unk> 
dog an a next woman a . to is running obstacle course which 
sheltie course with a a . woman through competition walking a obstacle 
the dog over . is the hurdles a beside jumping woman 
roof dog stands a brown black a on . and 
a red black incline of dog the top . a at 
dog has his <unk> a a red the paw roof of on . 
jumps an obstacle of over a dog . top the 
. leaps of a the onto the roof red dog <unk> 
hat the red playground <unk> a . child swing a enjoys in shirt a and at 
rides a child swing a . 
in swing tire a is a on shirt a red girl . 
small swing ring a . child a on riding 
swing on wearing shirt a a tire . red child a young swinging <unk> 
dog is a a large with white playing . stick large 
chewing a while grass on lays dog white green . on a stick 
on laying a and wearing white dog chewing of end leash . down stick a the a 
white is leash dog stick with collar about . to a and a a chew on 
is lying wood white and . chewing grass a the on the piece of dog 
his open . brown mouth and a beige the pool in plays dog dark swimming with 
trying water black dog bite stream of and to a white a 
making . a blue a a splash dog is pool in paddling 
trying in . is catch through dog splashing to a ice mouth water its 
. water a some in dog playing 
on half floor half a . sitting hair laying a gray street black with man 
. outside ground building lies a man the a on 
building man sits a outside . a 
building front man <unk> of in 
doorway a is . the skinned laying dark next in a pipe metal to man 
a helmet is bike little shirt wheeled a two wearing . riding with and blue boy a a 
purple bike . boy young rides a a 
is a purple young child . bike riding a 
rides helmet small . red young a child a a while bike purple wearing 
. bike young a two a wheel rides child helmet wearing bike a 
a runs camera child red a . <unk> blue shirt shoes and toward the wearing 
runs red in . across girl the grass a 
the a running with girl shirt a . grass red is in 
young in with is child the running a shirt grass red a 
there a shirt and a it young red child skull with a crossbones with on . is 
a . car boy with plays a 
. boy truck playing with a 
baby in toy sits by . a the suspenders 
with the little touching the . car boy little is eyes the big brown 
the plays in toddler . a with suspenders truck 
woman . watches yard a tan green from while dog a a a grassy in runs in house black <unk> in dressed of 
while runs a woman observes dog a black yard in a 
a dog backyard in a grassy play and <unk> . residential 
is . his his yard man watching in a dog 
dog grass . the a standing a in woman and 
white gray and and way a one toy a is a one his after <unk> . dog thrown white <unk> black 
beige . on white carpet and a black near dog a white grey and dog 
a in two in house play dogs . a room big 
. a cardboard two box are on of carpet in dogs front the 
dogs in a two house with . playing toys 
the dog . black beach running a is along 
a black . running dog a beach on 
beach the black running dog a on 
a away at walking the dog . beach 
, running dog on in beach sand a large the the is . black 
store the a is dress on standing girl outside a a in yellow . pavement 
a in girl looks restaurant dress at a yellow a . building 
a dress restaurant in . near a girl yellow 
a in . yellow of front a restaurant standing a in little dress is girl 
standing yellow a in front flip gray flops restaurant . and pants of girl a a is , wearing dress young 
grass . along ground sniffing dog walking the at the is black a 
dog . black running grass in the a 
dog grass the . sniffs a 
black , dog ground grass the sniffing . on 
grass with wearing blue markings a . standing tan dog on collar green black 
. at of a feet a <unk> cow dog the 
on dog the a grass pounces . 
running is . bull the after the dog 
dog the is with . grass cow large a brown brown the playing in 
dogs green grass outside . on two 
black and playing with . cow white large dog a a is brown 
a and a from black . jumps cow white and white dog brown away <unk> 
a cow bucking a herding . is dog 
it who away a . from chases large a gray dog and jumping small is bull 
small after a a dog bucking chasing cow 
celebrating with a face his and boy clothing paint on . 
. boy paint covered in finger 
and young of body . with his painted boy closeup face 
boy . on has the him orange paint 
toy in fish his next . boy around face wearing paint carrying orange a the is 
yellow frisbee . in a jacket a throwing man a yellow 
in . sweater a catching a frisbee man a yellow 
. frisbee man a throwing a 
yellow a frisbee jacket a wearing man a yellow throws . 
yellow . monument the a frisbee is stone throwing a near standing and man 
yellow is wearing . in man a a helmet bright jacket a 
a <unk> wearing . man in helmet jacket a a is 
. bicycle <unk> in man a a yellow a helmet wearing jacket is 
man . has a yellow and on jacket white a the helmet 
ponytail . the on the helmet with and looks man 
a wearing goggles . swim child 
near a a goggles small wears pool . child 
float sitting a . in pool blue young is wearing and a goggles child a in 
. a sits on young wearing a in pool child goggles blue swimming raft a 
blue little . goggles is the wearing child 
sparklers people . lighting 
play children with sparklers . at the night 
three look at sparkler down children . <unk> a 
playing . three sparklers with children 
three children sparklers play with . 
soccer a dog on standing in tiny brown a a is ball blanket with its mouth 
is human . ball a soccer a little bed a onto bringing dog 
soccer holding on the dog ball bed is . a toy a 
jumps a the <unk> dog with its , on of pink covered with bed mouth playing in ball in 
blonde on blanket standing in ball <unk> mouth terrier with 
people massage in laying chairs 
people . massage <unk> enjoying three chairs are 
people <unk> three . massage chairs in 
in men sit two and massage chairs woman black . asian asian 
men massage a are relaxing and . chairs woman asian in two 
a a . black <unk> in apron <unk> guy 
prepares . <unk> <unk> corn a 
<unk> an . in a corn apron man 
corn in . cooking man is a a restaurant 
a <unk> . corn apron an man <unk> of with 
denim with a beard white gives thumbs . up hat man a and a 
and sign gives man hat . with denim thumbs gray a a a beard up hand with his 
hand old <unk> sign a a and his with blue cap right an beard . gives man <unk> a with 
gives up and with . man a thumbs white glasses beard 
white the his is holding the cap wearing elderly thumb up . man 
an . a , eating public sitting in man apple 
place . a a eating in man public sits apple an 
apple bench on man sits . an a a and eats 
apple on a . eating ledge an a man sitting 
man eating an brown . and wearing has black a , the apple hair shirt is , curly 
on fence three the standing and by a children are . 
row an along . one a higher and <unk> each a boys the rail wall are than before in upraised three , standing 
children a or . fence near stand on three 
over a little , hat look wearing fence a . one cowboy three boys 
boys fence standing on . little to a and three next 
a a is tan dog light a black . carrying and blue near ball fence 
mouth walking in and with white black blue a is its . a dog frisbee 
holding . concrete on blue a ball runs dog a 
mouth has in a the blue . ball dog its 
toy walking outside large . dog in its mouth a the , is carrying colorful 
red boy his . bike off a falls 
pavement bike has the a onto boy his fallen . off of 
bike after boy off the his falling pavement a . on lays 
his falls young . bike boy a off 
red young him street a with the boy over in a lying bike 
white a with the are playing dog water brown black and dog . a a and stick in 
water stick in two are dogs . swimming carrying whist a 
dogs swimming mouth are while they the their both same in . have stick two 
white stick , , a one . dogs black and other with brown swim the two 
dogs swimming . two 
beach a the into dog jumping brown 
the rock background , a the . beach at with water in into the a jumping <unk> dog 
a . the water jumping into dog 
jumping the is into brown dog ocean . a large 
in jumping . dog sea the 
dresses trunk large blue in tree . two and next teal a to and large standing are hats girls 
next girls to two . wear dresses and snake little <unk> a 
tree blue girls are dresses turquoise a and young wearing walking <unk> . and two beside 
young . <unk> and to two wearing stand girls a tree dresses next 
two tree young standing a a girls . wearing nearby snake watching <unk> by 
a brown mouth the while its water puddle black crosses dog a other a looks . of in way dog with a ball 
looks brown a black through ball its mouth carrying in whilst a water runs away . dog a dog 
and standing in a tennis ball its while dog and black water a with mouth in white brown walking dog a away . from brown 
playing ball puddle a with a dogs . in two 
one stand dogs and , two ball a . a yellow puddle tennis has in 
down paved a white couple dog walking a a street 
man a woman a . a walk leash white with dog on a and 
dog shoulder a pink arm his with man walking woman a a the around of . pants puts 
and dog road walk . , man down a a woman paved 
hand a backpack on the whilst the other of with the man woman his with shoulder is dog . hand white the walking resting pink one 
boy . climbing area a a rocky 
climbs woods . a in the boy rocks 
some rocks climbs a boy up . 
young climbing a white a rocks is wearing boy . hat 
boy is wearing a the . hat 
over kayaker <unk> a . 
. rough is in kayaker water 
his water kayaker in the kayak white . rapids tips 
. man the kayak in in rapids yellow falls 
over a choppy kayak yellow . is in waters kayaking someone 
is a climber red between two . rocks large 
rock two between formations a <unk> man . 
two wearing man a rock faces stands . and yellow a white hardhat <unk> inside between a shirt 
standing a a climber <unk> rock in . 
appears rock the hard a be rock between place a stuck . to and climber 
. motorcycle races a 
a . a rider a a rural curve helmet motorcycle road into white leans in on 
turn making . rider motorcycle a a 
leaning someone a into turn a motorcycle on . 
turning corner motorcyclist there a a . is professional 
child a . structure a the tube up climbs of in play inside a red 
playground . jeans red in climbs blue and child tunnel through yellow a a a shirt 
girl a tunnel a a climbs red playground through on plastic . 
red girl up climbs slide . a a 
a red slide inside of the climbs child . 
a holds girl . water onto the a rope above 
a girl a out lifted wearing water of . is the harness 
being a harness . through the person water to is attached a <unk> 
feet a in above a person . harness a water their hanging is with making spray 
across is person on <unk> a . pulley a water 
onto camera grass black a . green the , is bounding the from and towards the white little beige street dog 
a running grass the dog along is . 
a on beside puppy running lawn road . a the multicolor 
a . street running a puppy along 
small running the grass on beside the a dog is road . 
and the on dog running beach brown . a black is 
beach rocky . black walks along a brown a dog and 
the . dog beach on running a 
a beach shepherd breed the on dog running 
beach shepherd wet . a german waves a along on the runs 
the soccer . playing in children three sand are 
people kicking a . the sand in three ball 
playing . a with ball red background people a with tree a three sandy area the in large in 
play the . three people sand soccer in 
and a . field two a boys ball kick a girl sandy in 
. boy in a in a sits a chair robe 
boy his chair dark-haired . a in white on little bathrobe a 
a bathrobe is a in sitting in . a chair metal boy small 
. in a robe a for in camera sits boy little the chair posing 
little boy . is a chair there a in sitting 
the . on swing swings a boy 
swing shirt a belly in a boy striped little a his . on on laying 
chair young a down in blond boy swings . nearly swing upside his 
in young <unk> a swing . boy 's a child forward 
the set boy in shirt striped on swing . blond 
and next white brown with toys each their to red two dogs mouths . other are in 
out running tongue hanging <unk> <unk> grass 's in . with their the two 
next street dogs running . through to two a grass 
two . up hill grassy dogs running a 
with a two tongues out dogs run up . hill their 
tall a brown . through green running dog is grass 
field in . dog running of grass brown green a long 
a high dog runs brown grass <unk> . through 
golden dog runs through tall grass field . a a of 
lean tall grass in . a playing dog 
and girl american blonde two a flags 
over a flags . girl is glasses two looking in wooded american area a near 
a wearing flags glasses . girl behind american two 
with next blue a . white girl and glasses flags red 
flags . sits girl two and american with young a glasses holds 
is goalie goal the guarding a . 
play in hockey helmets kids . outside 
of players playing a road the game hockey on outside . several 
hockey . some children play outside 
front two a play street of children hockey in goal . 
. through a is field dog jumping a brown 
a the over dog brown jumps grass . 
runs jumps . and a dog a tan field in 
large grass jumping the . tall dog through the brown is 
a field tan across . a collar black in dog the runs 
a surrounded swim of field group in gear a . boys is by in playing trees 
shorts jump in outside play and boys 
boys are water <unk> and of . three buckets with playing 
throwing balloons kids water three . 
. three young outside boys play 
corner take greyhounds . race at a a 
dogs are a in . dog race three competing 
. a racing around dogs <unk> racetrack three 
dogs a bend three at a round . racetrack 
dogs running a racetrack . three on 
a outside selling watermelons man stands a . bank 
a with hat man bank at <unk> in of a a . watermelons looking front red is 
bank <unk> parked in dark of colored <unk> car . front 
for a bank sale the . watermelons looking outside of is man at 
standing is a in hat bank a , a funny there . man , of front wearing 
pool . the does girl backstroke in the a 
in . the swimmer a a pool backstroke swimming does 
dark backstroke a . in suit a swimmer swimming blue 
does . backstroke the girl in a swim a pool goggles young in 
pink the goggles the . is swimming doing in backstroke wearing girl pool the 
yellow shirt walking a a boy a on holding a in is surfboard beach . 
of ocean shirt with the in surfboard boy out walks yellow his a . a 
little with a beach boy at surfboard the a 
carrying surfboard yellow walking guard on in the shore . a young boy is a a <unk> 
beach a carrying young on a shirt yellow wearing the a walking surfboard boy 
playing . the grass in beagle is a 
hill down a . beagle grassy a walks 
dog a and black a grass down walks hill brown dirt and . 
the . in a grass playing beagle young 
grassy on a . hound <unk> slope 
group are <unk> kites . beautiful a people mountain flying of colorful range a near 
bright background kites a . with <unk> are being mountain 
an kites field people their in flying open 
kites the background flying are with . in several people , mountains 
range a in of mountain . in the are kites air front three 
with a mouth its dog <unk> . 
brown and yawning dog . white 
of with close-up open mouth . profile in dog 
dog <unk> 
yawning mouth 's . is is he like dog open the 
a black dog standing . in water the 
collar . in wearing red a tongue stream a black its with a out dog is standing 
stands a outside black with a red his water dog paws collar with . in 
black the wet water in a lab standing is with red collar . a 
black river stands in . dog 
female a comes . air up for swimmer 
goggles swimming in a with . water cap , girl and 
goggles a cap and swim breath with taking . person a 
swimmer is in the white a goggles pool and cap wearing . 
. in swimmer water , goggles wearing 
while white orange guitar . jumping and in air a an holding girl is the 
a . guitar a with girl 
playing the a in while guitar . air leaps girl toy a young <unk> 
young with guitar jumping a a girl guitar <unk> 
young girl while a white guitar jumps red playing . and a 
in the a on the ball to for a brown dog catch man a . air holds beach 
dog and beach jeans with in brown a the . man white a plays at 
brown a ball his a man . dog with toy with playing 
making , for food plays his jump with him a man dog . 
is dog at playing the his and stick beach a ball a man with with 
. girl black in a a cigarette smokes thin 
in in a a and grassy . dressed smokes white cigarette area woman a black 
woman a a wearing skirt a . holding cigarette plaid stands 
her coat hand with cigarette the black standing . the a is woman in in 
standing smoking wearing black women . and 
soaked dog a in to grass . liquid the jumping black 
a dog . out of a brown jumping black pond and 
the out dog a jumps and onto dark . water the of grass 
. a water dog in playing 
a grass dog the from is onto wet jumping water brown some 
in . bounces a the girl a background with in a harness building 
in jumping girl . and cords a for harness a 
a a front is in in harness suspended air building girl of a in the rope . 
by midair two hangs up cords bungee in girl . 
swing in on building . front of girl 
blue big an a , beach on baby empty sky under . sits a 
beach on toddler sits . a a sandy 
a beach baby sitting at . 
while the sits is the in ocean scene distance the . the front baby of the on sand the in 
sandy on the . beach the baby sits 
on hooded a sits a in alone a bench . park man jacket 
. in a a sitting to his man purple with wooden a left on jacket tree large bench is a 
wooden a next on man a a sits bench . and some <unk> tree 
tree a a and sitting man on a a between bench bush . 
bench and . man a is on jacket hoodie wearing sitting a a a in park 
the walking in the dogs desert . are 
shrubs away walking and through . grass camera are from two the dogs 
outside two playing dogs . 
two dry across ground . dogs run 
. two dogs dirt path walking along 
baseball jersey a an . orange about to in pitch a is boy 
" an a , in . uniform orange hill boy ball spring ball " pitching team the 
baseball pitching boy in orange little at . a game a 
during boy is game a young pitching an a orange in uniform baseball a . 
shirt orange is the in throwing the the boy ball . 
. in boy pool spiderman a wearing floaties a 
with <unk> edge is at by the swimming pool in the spiderman boy . a wall the 
with swimming a spiderman is a boy . pool in 
a spider-man young the wearing edge pool the at of <unk> boy . 
in the pool is . the swimming boy 
teenage on toy play girl girl little a and pink . 
red swinging a girl woman on a and are a swing 
equipment a child play playing woman while a on . with looks 
red set a yellow swing on . children and 
two kids playground equipment . on playing 
frisbee catch to a white a a dog over cap in orange . and leaps man 
catch man a dog leaps to over disc a a . 
a in orange ground to up the frisbee catching with dog . the sunglasses kneels on knee looks one wearing a an man air see 
in park <unk> catch over spectators jumps frisbee dog while the owner watch to <unk> , 
a watching to a man people grassy standing on sitting frisbee over field a an jump and catch dog several orange . are 
. brown dog the white grass a running across and is 
dog and running a like park white grassy . setting a in brown is 
another cut and a onlookers dog a is . grass nearby field brown of low dog across with running 
in a through grassy people is running stand while bulldog park a the . background 
across runs the dog grass . a 
in black on . boy a is wall sitting beach near a the 
sits boy . little on the concrete ocean wall a by 
beach near a . ledge child a a sitting on small 
beach young . a sits by boy the 
wall sitting next on a a to a young shirt the wearing . spiderman boy beach 
a . as him a man sits woman wheelchair pushes in a 
wheelchair are street a toward brick woman other people a camera is man a pushing behind on while them in a the . passing 
a wheelchair . in a woman in european man a courtyard pushes a 
is the arch an in a pushes a . in wheelchair man ; a woman background 
wheelchair in . a a man a woman outside pushing 
the walking couple down . street a 
. man and along the a a sidewalk walk woman 
man down street walking woman a a a and city 
a a sidewalk of street . on woman stand man the busy and 
. through street people crowded walking a are 
a playing little water boy a . in spout 
boy little plays up <unk> in a fountain from an outdoors . water inground 
. sprinkler plays the a in small boy 
boy young from fountains up shooting plays the a in the . ground 
outdoor in sprays water boy plays . 
black one running and . and brown one are white water the in dog dog 
through side two . dogs side the by running the water are 
run water two in . the dogs 
the two . surf running in dogs 
by water . dogs running in side two side 
obstacles in a grass brown running on the is course dog a between 
a runs grass the . dog through 
dog light obstacle through a brown running course an . 
<unk> runs . a dog red on obstacle course an 
dog . plays a small in grass the 
laying his bearded . under man on back large a tree a 
sleeping . tree a under a grey bearded man is 
tree grass under a in a the . man laying 
, and dressed tree park beard a in . a a a well sleeping a cane under man with 
haired and . his to next lays a hat a man tree and cane white down rests 
sitting fountain . boy top circular a swimsuit in a of on a 
shaped is a fountain perched <unk> . on boy a 
fountain opening a . next to a of boy the 
from as watches shaped crowd a water sits round the background a a . atop male fountain young 
round fountain kneels on girl water the that a sprays . a into air 
climbing . boy rock a is 
a climbing boy a rock on wall young 
wall young a the . climbs rock boy 
rock climbs climbing indoor child a young wall . an 
a climbing climbs wall . rock kid young <unk> a orange 
in the a or are . two water animal black 
water . around plays dog in a black 
black deep about in water . fur animal an <unk> with splashing 
three each dogs . to black very swimming close other are the 
black an body three from item retrieving a of water dogs . 
rail in <unk> a the morning gazes <unk> the man over . 
water against looks a . a at bridge under and a skyline man out the 
the water a looks into over . a railing man 
behind leaning <unk> man with railing on him 
man a pants and fence with blue bridge top . white <unk> red with rail standing near at 
or fighting black grass dog a playing dog . white is in a brown and with 
runs brown and a in white . a with black dog a dog field 
the . in playing dogs grass two are 
each two are other . barking and dogs running at 
in other two a face field each dogs 
on dogs over grass two black people walk the leashes . 
women in two dog walking are <unk> dogs show a . their 
outdoor dog around two black at an show . dogs women lead 
show at walk a there . two women dog dogs 
walk pattern a in dogs circular terrain over women grassy . 
to . a gets shoot basketball a boy ready 
is a up house . boy basketball of white in a a front holding 
intently a boy blue house basketball a background the white holding . in , , a looking 
a . man shooting blue is a basketball 
holding red house blue . a basketball in white man front a <unk> and of 
. beach two across toward racing a water the dogs 
water beach shallow run the dogs in at the . two 
running water shallow two . in dogs 
running dogs water two in . by a beach 
run a . two water bay through shallow in dogs 
. a a barefoot park jogger in 
with on bare . grass feet man jogs green a 
the running man grass . barefoot on a 
man runs on lawn a <unk> green 
top , . and is the a shorts and barefoot green through in white running man park a 
. object two the trying are red get a to gray dogs 
get two toy orange dogs try to an . 
two plastic toy . gray a puppies red on are chewing 
a red two dogs over toy . fighting grey 
with . red a toy in a chew play field two puppies 
, . off two <unk> tongues show boys blue their 
tongues sticking boys are out . two green baseball <unk> with wearing caps 
. blue their sticking and tongues green out colored kids are two 
collared . baseball tongues shirts wearing and have two young boys <unk> stuck caps their out 
. and young two sticking hats their out colored boys tongues wearing 
behind fence are . the dogs the 
fence are one rusty dogs . a as barks three behind 
is are . one in barking fence and a dogs two 
. fence a two rusty dogs wire looking through are 
a bark dogs fence . behind two 
grey along child in a running a leafy jacket path is . a 
young runs . a gravel down road dead with leaves child a covered 
runs outside fall . amidst child young a leaves 
walks . child fallen leaves among a young 
the the child the in among autumn leaves plays . 
a beside containing a birds standing man large , . colorful is <unk> 
front . bird posing man a in a cage of 
standing next bird a a to cage man 
is the sweater the in black in a green standing man to a bird . next <unk> 
a man bird . next to the standing cage is 
child swing a a in . 
sitting a in a red outfit little swing in . blue , yellow and yellow girl a 
blue with eyes a swing a sits toddler in with blue background in the grass . 
. swing <unk> toddler baby in 
small a playground child red . sitting in swing the is 
the dogs three . yard ran in the 
the building blue grass a across near . industrial dogs three are running to 
. dogs a in field three are running 
dogs run a leaving from surface three behind dog <unk> one . patch away another of 
field brown are dogs in a . and shades different running are of three white that 
man crouching in down a rocks some on . the ocean 
at night climbing them man a <unk> in rocks . on green over a shirt water while 
rocks lap waves . on is around man some standing while him a 
man crouching rocks on shore by ocean the 
to water man the close is . on leaning rocks 
gymnastics dressed blue little a piece a girl doing one . is in 
view girl of jumping little a in on a a a . trampoline rear leotard 
doing . a young girl is in gymnastics midair 
a . jumps young air blue girl in a the wearing leotard 
the a wearing . young girl jumping in blue is air 
path on colored a narrow runs . dog light a 
runs dog a a . down pale path 
path white running down between dog is a a . bushes 
dog . <unk> and path down surrounded a grass a dirt by trees white 
. bushes through on yellow dog path running 
. splashes water through a black dog <unk> 
in walking rocky splashing dog through . black a water a creek 
shallow through dog stream a walks a brown . 
several through water the dog a . runs large by rocks <unk> 
the . dog walks in water shallow the 
large a the woman street stands . in 
on white shirt standing a in a street woman a 
. a on woman street a stands 
on . woman a shirt white wearing stands the street a 
. on sidewalk woman the the drink <unk> her 
a building the of are sitting walls inside of lots a . <unk> with few people on 
lights <unk> in bright are and the lit people in room two four over . pictures all with <unk> walls a <unk> 
's gathered artist studio people an . in 
a several art . gallery inside are dark sitting people 
photographs are in has over room a walls <unk> some that all the people . 
the water dog stick chases through a black a a dog with brown . 
running water is mouth a a dog its in . stick with brown through 
the stick two with in a water playing dogs 
in a two dogs water the with playing stick . 
a through two water dogs with . running stick the 
baby sitting in on pants is . slide a red a blue 
. plastic little that like blue jumper looks boy a a on is a playing slide a toy in red 
slide small a on baby . boy a sitting 
. a small red wearing child blue on a slide light overalls sits 
light top toddler red blue at in . sits a a the <unk> slide plastic of a 
standing her a in a front of making girl face tricycle sad 
about to <unk> little in a shirt pink girl a 
. on mud her face little girl cries a with 
child red background girl . 's in her is a with bike face and a young on dirt the 
a standing is pink . tricycle next like girl <unk> about to she top is to in the red a looking 
a in on . riding a is mountain woodland red biker path 
a trail forest rides a through . bicycle a person 
the on shirted rounds a woods trail red bike a a . corner rider in 
. biker forest through the riding 
a . on is bike person in red the the 
four men . in standing of are fence a outside front 
people are fence through . looking a four 
. a next link standing chain people fence are to 
men watching fence several something a through . are 
looking fence through young men a . 
a holding right the dragging his man horses horse to on between on two 
off on falls horse racetrack his man a a . 
person a horses kneeling between two is 
being horses rodeo . a two <unk> <unk> between 
. and pants cowboy off blue getting a in red <unk> horse 
park dog a is through a running 
back <unk> runs their , little outside ears . white wind in dog a the 
white a running . dog small 
running white the dog . through grass a 
running white a collar a dog is . with 
bikes a . mountain a trail boy down 
dirt goes hill a down . a dirt biker 
the in his down . person rides steep a woods hill bike a mountain 
the dirt is riding with a . bike person helmet a a i grass and 
. the man hill down the races bike his 
coaster hanging roller riding people many a . 
people . roller upside-down are a coaster on 
<unk> hang upside people <unk> <unk> roller as down coaster . a a 
going <unk> a roller , turning upside . people is the the down coaster through 
twisting people with ride , coaster filled roller a , . turning this is 
a roller group a coaster . people down upside riding of 
yellow riding a coaster of a people . roller group 
ride over a flipped roller people . down on white many upside a are track coaster 
ride people on a roller upside-down . coaster 
<unk> are over <unk> coaster roller an going people multiple a . on there 
a body water is of dog a . 
the a running water dog through . 
. dog a swimming 
. is dog the through this jumping water 
dog water in jumping wet 
up a . girl ear a to her is little holding cellphone 
living on a a the on is little floor . a girl talking cellphone of room 
cellphone listens girl little . a to a 
an small her a in holds cellphone . shirt a child <unk> to ear 
. girl young is a a talking on cellphone 
the water hat party a boy in splashes a in . 
boy plays a puddle in a wearing hat a birthday . 
little . boy in playing a is blue stream a in 
in playing wearing boy his a on a and a party has puddle . is little hat <unk> blue shirt a head 
is kid jumping a puddle young . a in 
in people . different directions a in of group are off standing a looking line 
on people group . a are standing together pavement the of 
<unk> . a stand group a in people ground brick on a line of 
people group the on line stand a a concrete in . <unk> of 
waiting people line . in are the 
and naked bikes a riding are of in the . who streets group people 
bike a a rides man naked . 
riding . naked bikes people 
butt through leading is man the naked city cyclist streets the . 
while city . looks <unk> ride street people and bicycles on in a naked <unk> three crowd a 
barks a . at cow a <unk> 
. a at dog cow small barks white a brown and 
's a into small . is cow ear barking a dog 
grey brown is the grass small . in dog with a a cow 
little after bull . going is the dog the 
ball flies to the a dog through preparing catch air , . a 
ball . dog yellow to meet soccer small a a up jumping 
after ball yellow a . flying a jumping dog white 
ball is a the . with playing large grass small the on dog 
next midair to yellow white large ball in a . dog 
the party camera a poses boy . for at a 
a at reception child wedding time good the a having is . 
in party dancing a stands wedding child a front of . 
boy in front standing . is laughing a of little wedding a party 
surrounded dancing open adults child his by is mouth the has . and 
white puppy . white a fluffy is brown , puppy playing a and curly haired with 
dog his with head spotted a a . <unk> dog white 
a a dog puppy and . playing white and brown white 
are playing dogs . two together 
with on two play the dogs lawn . another one 
the dog jumps grass high . in a brown 
. field a dog grass jumps high on of brown a 
the into dog . grass a jumps brown 
air grass a field jumping the is . of in dog in a 
up red tall dog in a grass a of field . jumping 
a group on parked a of cars hill 
parked group together off in high a . road of vehicles mountains the 
in a vehicles parked fall of the a on group hill . are 
off-road is a a parked area vehicles of wooded on line outside the . hill 
many a on mountain parked . cars 
. a holding dog through while stick deep is a water wading 
white in water . the dog and carrying stick a a brown is 
a brown dog with in of spot water pool a a in with a over . stick blue mouth its eye one white 
face brown with with his in dog on water stick a in swimming a . spots mouth white his 
<unk> white the . water from dog a the stick 
bubbles a young blows woman held a little by which boy , are 
. brown with a by wand with held little hair boy is a a blowing girl bubbles curly 
a through held a small mother . by blows boy bubbles wand his 
bubbles a the blow bubble a from wand for . to woman child holding 
a woman wand a toddler a bubbles . while holds blows bubble 
. child a yellow yellow city shirt a bike with a riding a in 
yellow across . town square a bicycle riding is a little boy a 
a brick on yellow rides boy fast in bike road small very a a . 
a bike yellow a his in wearing rides yellow city small child center . 
little boy . bicycle riding yellow plaza crowded <unk> in a 
dog dead fetches . bird a a black 
is a bird black his in . in dog the holding mouth grass a 
his a dog . in a holding bird mouth black is 
bird a black his in dog black holding . a mouth is 
retrieves black a a bird . dog 
into . girl air in a blue leaps the a shirt 
a a tank jumps top in girl pants blue white and . 
jumps in an air . horse the yard in the equestrian 
young fenced mid-jump a , area a woman in photographed . 
air girl . shirt jumping wearing the the is in blue a and 
wet dog in . shallow tan water a big 
the . gets water wet in brown dog a 
through brown walks dog a . natural water 
. a stream a walks dog wet soaking across 
is lake golden walking retriever through wet a a 
orange three and , <unk> dressed . using and blue boys , hand smiling in are 
playing children are three and together laughing 
and in dressed . are an shirt smiling signs with young boys their orange doing fingers navy and three 
with . their and <unk> boys hands three signs young smile 
boys uniforms the school for . smile wearing and pose three camera young 
dress white in country down . girl a a a runs road 
street a walks on . dirt girl a 
shoes road dress no down in white . a and <unk> a walks dirt girl little a in 
white a road walking in along straight is a dress a woman . long 
girl with on road with both a . road dress white dirt and trees walks fields a down the sides young of a 
pulling small ball of a man out a pit a child 
pit another man man other two while a children boy a . and watch a ball from <unk> 
pulling an pit of child adult a . ball out a is 
pit ball children . playing a in 
children full playing of a balls pit men . colored two watching in ball three are 
brown tennis to a man a grass to a about in the dog ball throw 
ball dog a a . a for ready to throw man gets 
ball throw to a tennis ready a dog gets man . for his 
has ball red a man . a on stick yellow a 
brown is . a dog to tennis ball man the throwing the for fetch 
skirt a her female top purple in black player and . swings racquet a tennis 
ball the female . to <unk> player tennis serve a 
a holds arm purple and , looks racket top . up upward a , tank in woman tennis an a extends 
a purple hand . a and holding in looking shirt wearing woman tennis racket is a up her 
ball tennis as waiting come for plays the girl to . she down is 
with hula two play in hoops boys denim 
in play hoop . boys with hula two a the yard 
playing are around children hula hoops and yard the in has two him . one 
children hula-hoops . with two 
with boys . two young hula-hoops playing 
park picture a takes at a the boy . little 
a young at looking is playground boy . a binoculars through 
red young swing boy . a camera a set hat near wearing a a blue using and is 
little photos . boy outside takes 
. little is taking picture camera boy with a the the 
man out cup . a paper black drinking a of 
paper a and suit a wearing man is . hat cup holding black white a 
a against a man . leans cup and a wearing holds bench a hat 
a the park a the camera a poses . with background in soft with for drink man 
american his holds man african soda . an 
. dogs sand on two running around dead and background are grass grass the green in with 
across towards the each dogs sand other running two are . 
on towards each running are beach a two dogs . other 
each toward run dogs two . other 
on . dogs two other each run towards a <unk> area 
children <unk> are two a race having . 
. in potato jumping two sacks children 
court in a a two across front . field girls hopping of are in sacks tennis around <unk> fence a 
girls . two <unk> are a in race 
sacks hopping in potato two girls 
and beach white walking a on black a is . dog 
the on black and . dog while a walking looks back beach white 
dog on and a a walks . black beach white 
. , behind beach walks a dog and with looking the white itself black spots on 
walking , looking back dog white and . beach and on black 
child child looking dress . a at another a holding that is 
white and a as dress child child jacket a in holding looks shorts at <unk> another jeans . it a up 
. other to little girl dress for a a examine the out holding girl little white <unk> 
at two and ground dress looking girls holding a the 
at an event holding dress up two a girls . 
a orange in shirt inside girl an a is tunnel <unk> metal . little 
through with shirt hair a tunnel halloween girl little and long blond wearing . orange crawls an eyes a blue 
long a tunnel girl climbing young . through a 
in . girl tunnel small 
the the through . beautiful girl tube young goes 
a a person plate . is dog held brown food by from a <unk> 
it taking from plate at dog , with brown 's a hand a someone . looking food 
eating food . resting is brown head his dog a person who the a lap on of some 
a person head dog a eating the . small of off a 's plate lap is in 
the red at is . food dog plate the brown with the of collar staring 
and walking a dog beach brown the black on 
along walks the fluffy . a dog beach sandy 
a beach sized dog medium a on 
dog the walking . the ocean on beach by 
standing and brown in the . one at beach black dog sand the 
runs in on a little . pink girl lawn a shorts 
yard girl runs through the little . a 
top and through asian running grass pink white with shorts . girl tank 
. <unk> pink grass young shorts runs through a girl 
running asian across . girl grass the is the 
a in shoe while dressed back treat . blue on white a her putting girl blue enjoys 
. ground the in eating girl candy a dress a on sitting blue <unk> 
blue shoes dress her and blue . off a <unk> takes girl candy in eats a 
dress hand one with blue . <unk> other hand <unk> blue and in child in candy holding eating 
a candy is blue the in . and blue shoe girl <unk> with one shoe dress some on eating one off 
smaller two and white people large . dog near playing shepherd a 
woods is playing bigger dog small brown dog a white the . in a with 
dogs interacting a around area wooded people are in stand while . two 
of , forest in in fighting background the two with two dogs jeans legs the a men in 
two . to dogs other bite trying each 
back . jumps landing a skateboard midair off in on skateboarder <unk> it in of his 
skateboard . a is teenage performing with a trick his boy 
skateboard is man . flipping a trick a young a during 
the in a doing tricks young skateboarder air 
performing . on is the near onlookers skateboard a man a trick 
with kids little a walk their outside market of backpacks . 
and a the people behind by is statue boy is also walking a two . in yellow passing shirt 
street children backpacks . asian a three brick with walking down 
the street down with boys <unk> walk a large of backpacks past young <unk> 
young . walking down boys street backpacks with a 
an on boy in a boy orange shirt shirt while blue a , smiles . with a looks 
play a on a a area . little hat the in tan ground boy of 
on at a a looks , boy in the smiling <unk> . a while blue orange a boy playground hat with in an shirt shirt sits 
sitting near in while hat . equipment playground laughs boy tan 
hat playground a boys , in wearing two one a . , 
lays boy face on rug with a little a . dirty colorful a 
boy a blanket . with face messy little a sitting a colorful on 
with in red gray shirt little boy shorts and face messy 
little relaxing back the is . boy on the colorful laying blanket 
boy smiling red a and a is and he there in . shirt dirty is little face a 
rain a in a little puddle girl . 
the of is a hole rain a in puddle girl in a road in . water walking little 
little water the a of stands in a girl middle puddle street of in the . 
stands concrete the on , in <unk> a . <unk> a puddle in girl little 
a little puddle outside stands in girl a . 
it another hops a next to dog in a dog stands field while . 
another dog up dog a . one grassy field at jumping in is 
in colored air , jumping in is and the field the a two are one dogs . tan 
. two dogs brown in field a 
field another the with one brown in play dogs . two 
walk three the a <unk> . street of 
stand waiting a outside and man for , , serious . something and looking child woman 
a man on . woman , an , and child asian are sidewalk standing 
background a scene on with asian sidewalk the people standing street three in a 
the people asian sidewalk on three . wait 
black jumping into a dock . dog from a water 
black a into . jumping dog a lake 
jumping dog . off a of dock a black 
jumps into black lab a a pond a . off dock 
pond large off into pier black a dog jumping is . a a 
a a with hat girl a in leash a sheep . cowboy on 
a dusty pink walking a path wearing beside on a hat girl . sheep a is 
, a blue a hat over in cast pink girl sheep her . little arm and walking a cowgirl is 
a holding a hat young leash pink on cowboy . a a girl wearing sheep 
boots and cowgirl the . pink a girl pink is hat wearing 
the boys the playing on in surf beach two . 
. in two play the boys ocean 
the surf stand two boys in . 
play shallow a kids against two sky <unk> in waves . blue 
water . are young the in two boys 
a to a a in toddler swim . helping woman pool 
toddler cap white how to swim a a in . woman swimming teaches swim pool in a a 
in swimming is a pool a boy a holding woman . 
a a swim the . swimming a in white holds pool wearing boy small woman 
to . teaching swim how young woman boy 
each other the . face are dog black biting tan in a dog and a 
. dog black a dog a fight and tan 
. are at two each teeth their dogs other bearing 
around . while each playing other two bite dogs 
two in 's and each dogs bite stand mouths water . other 
jumping yellow vest into boy pool in a life a a 
jumping into jacket boy a life pool a in a . little 
little pool . boy into a swimming the jumps 
<unk> into pool . the jumping boy 
a and boy jumps the pool . into the little goggles yellow jacket in life 
grassy playing four in a . are children field 
. children outside playing four together are 
tag are children four . playing running and 
play of group in rural children area 
grass muddy a field boys in girl . and one three 
in a . camera another floats out her posing with nearby pool water of the a face woman woman for with 
in are two of a smiling picture . pool them for children being taken swimming 
relaxing children the pool by . two 
pool two in swimming a . girls 
children in . a swimming pool smiling two 
and beach the . , boy at a throwing sand girl a 
sand a boy at a <unk> girl . 
. shore boy is mud standing a water shallow orange spraying with a an girl with the on in tool 
<unk> girl at mud boy 
at <unk> pond boy the the barefoot the mud . girl in young 
goes a boy slide . down a 
out <unk> slide down arms his goes the boy flag . with a , with a a wearing american t-shirt 
a brown a boy down . smiling goes slide 
outstretched down with sliding arms boy . the slide 
plastic slide down is kid a sliding . the tan 
tile outstreached boy , . in a arms on shorts kneeling courtyard a 
shirt happily a boy blue . and with gestures a haircut short of out to a someone frame 
kneels and arms a his child raises . 
boy is . a little stone wall on outside a posing 
boy kneeling a . air the with is step his in hands small on a 
together boy playing . a outside girl little a little and 
together boy . little a grassy a area and girl frisbee play in 
a towards young and other each a boy young girl walking 
. a young playing and boy girl 
children field playing . a two in 
a they a . cat bites lay a on together bed dog <unk> 
<unk> white on the , cat behind a orange an dog . biting bed 
. a biting at an dog orange white cat 
in <unk> orange an white a red on a collar bed cat . a biting dog 
white orange . cat biting dog 
. racquet hit red a shirt ball tennis a tennis about player with to her wearing a 
woman white ball orange racket a an . a skirt in with shirt a and hits tennis 
, a white tennis and , playing red in woman is shirts a . white shirt hat 
tennis a . woman at a swings ball 
<unk> on prepares tennis female . player grass two a handed 
girls . playing together two blond are 
wind their through whilst hair enjoy blows two themselves girls . 
jumping girls hair two with on trampoline long . a 
. <unk> hair girls little two blonde their 
a two girls trampoline are . playing on little 
paddles dog cat . black black of water in a behind body a a 
swimming a . a cat swimming a and pool in are dog 
two . blue black dog in a dogs <unk> paddling are pool 
black are . two a in swimming dogs pool 
. a two swimming in pool dogs 
a in bubbles yellow a a plaid boy wand blowing bubble shirt . with 
a in boy in blowing bubbles . <unk> field a 
a in . overalls blows bubbles boy 
blows lawn a boy grassy young on . bubbles a 
outdoors bubbles blows in plaid little shirt . boy 
. green pushing which riding is shirt a a cart shopping shirt is a boy boy a in in a yellow in 
containing a pushes smiling an cart boy boy shopping . <unk> a 
smaller another cart . in boy it with pushes standing one shopping up a boy 
with in a play boys cart parking . a two shopping lot 
small play a in shopping cart parking a boys two lot in . 
the on water . a standing is in ocean the dog sunny day waves watching of brown a the 
several ocean a waves of himself the brown in shore coming with , . the on rocky dog <unk> 
its in dog the feet a . red rocky stands in a shore sea , 
water brown the waving . is the dog in 
brown the is the as waves dog around up lap the feet on its beach standing . 
brown black . water playing and dogs 
water the two the murky dogs are in 
. two a stream dogs in 
chest two water deep a stand next , stick to in dogs . 
stand <unk> . in outdoors water two up wearing collars dogs their to 
a running black dog a large dog and white and brown large together 
field running dogs a grassy . two in are 
and white , black brown a dogs one on run one . field white and two and , 
run dogs one , one black bark white , and two . outdoors and and brown white 
one together two run . dogs and and , brown one lean white black and white , 
some water brown playing two dogs 
play two shallow in dogs water brown 
in dogs two . brown water play the 
dogs water . in two <unk> 
in two water . dogs shallow 
its . child holding face up camera a of front in a is 
. taking black hair a child is young <unk> camera picture a with with a 
to . holds up big a take the camera a photo child 
is close child holding up a camera . the 
is camera person . a <unk> the holding 
blow room family a jumps raft in into up their living . a 
plastic playing a on a group a of children boat inside young house 
of in a . playing a children inside raft house are 
an some raft are kids wrestling on inflatable 
young a and raft girl up a two . blow parents 
dog grey and . grass fluffy a black the in 
gray in dog a . is grass 
the dog standing cut . gray fuzzy a its has in is in low grass it haired nose 
. small , grey is , a in dog green grass fluffy the 
the and animal grass is white . in the black 
ladies a <unk> . in paint two wearing are body and bicycles fair except riding on street 
on white . black bicycles riding painted two nude the and are women road 
street on ride painted . with bicycles two the onlookers nearby women 
through . bikes woman crowd body ride two wearing a paint 
ride . costume women in two bikes 
in mud a naked front woman covered crowd a of in 
a in paint naked covered woman 
mud in is topless . woman covered a 
woman mud covered in in naked crowd 
blurry crowd woman . topless <unk> brown with , <unk> in background 
holding restaurant in . a couple a hands are 
couple table across a holding . hands a 
couple . sitting in is holding a hands a restaurant 
table a across woman a . lit including several individuals young hands with holding dimly and a man room 
woman a sitting a table hands man and are at holding . restaurant 
cap and yellow girl . <unk> an oriental a wearing apron a 
hat the who busy . woman oriental is street a walks down an wearing 
yellow apron people other . person wearing a toward a looking 
with walking apron a person a yellow . 
. walks yellow other woman hat pedestrians a wearing among a apron a and knit 
biting . is in the beach dog swimming onto a something black 
stick in a swimming the with . a dog black ocean 
a a frisbee in , . with lake dog a swimming 
in big ocean swimming something black his in dog . with the mouth 
water the . swimming in stick with dog a 
black the brown are a dog and around dog . sand in running 
brown sand a with a . dog plays black dog on the 
brown in a the sand dog a black . dog and 
black brown other dog behind ground on tan the dogs dog one the is the sandy . two a black 
a dogs two beach sandy playing on 
pool group kids swimming a of . jumping a into 
in about boys the the five middle air . pond of the into jump to 
trunks in into five a the swimming swim time jump at . pool boys same young 
young into a swimming are boys five jumping on trunks with only pool 
the into kids jumping . pool 
wearing by a wings black , a a , . female walk is metal and bike others <unk> on while 
. bike girls a in strange a her outfit rides 
in riding woman bike a a a . costume 
a brown costume a a and bike riding fuzzy wearing is black woman wings 
street on a busy woman and pieces a . rides costume a wearing bike paint 
boy boys of walk group is . another away watching a 
boys . on croquet of equipment group lawn with a stands a 
who the a direction opposite kid . a of game playing others in <unk> runs 
standing one brick starts outside . run of boys a to <unk> <unk> are boy 
<unk> an posing old boys six front in building of 
is shallow . t-shirt white boy in splashing in a water a 
beach white and at a . is the red in boy 
in a playing . water child 
white a a wearing the is playing a on . shirt boy young beach sea in 
beach the boy running at water through the 
parked is street car in a filled a graffiti . 
gathering nearby people . <unk> of a graffiti the a wall as <unk> a few car 
wall four a huddle people . against 
by . art wall in at stand covered adults some a graffiti night 
people graffiti talk in of two person a of street wall front to 
tricycle a fairy girl a wearing rides . costume a 
wearing rides a a her tricycle girl costume fairy 
a girl a is dressed riding a big bicycle wheel fairy small in costume . green 
purple outfit a a tricycle . , fairy in riding blonde girl and young pink is a 
a a young wearing <unk> green fairy riding girl costume a 
crowd a away are a running dog boy a a down from and hill . 
run group boy . a and a of of dog ahead people a 
of running hill . a group a children down 
a hill with . group a running down children a of dog grassy 
a . , boy down , a behind hill a a mini little them family on run dog a and <unk> and boy a <unk> 
at bunch the sunset a . on beach people of 
people group sunset the a people . towards on beach at two walking are of 
a along of two beach . group at <unk> the walking people sunset people 
sunset people . walking shore at the along two 
the beach people . sunset walking on two at 
a . man shirt red in black a 
sits train suit with man a red shirt on . a a and 
a . sad holding a looks city man a bus <unk> riding on who 
in with on red bus black tie man sitting a shirt 
is flowery shirt red in on by . sitting a the the man tie bus and window the 
an ride . a on amusement child park swing 
fair on lone at a <unk> . the ride a swing 
a . chains amusement an at chair by in a sits suspended person park 
rides fair swing high . on kid 
a man . sitting a ride carnival is on swing in 
log a it dog while brown behind and leaping white another a over dog follows field in is . a 
behind log follows dog over . a another leaps a dog as harnessed 
jumping while through white one one brown , a two the behind dogs grass over and runs the . log 
running two filled logs through a with dogs field are . 
two harnesses grass in . running in dogs tall 
a a city walking waterfront . couple next to alongside a 
a of a . walking beach people are beside the sidewalk down group 
. people on a down sidewalk beach a walking 
people walking trail beside down water 
the <unk> the in the and with shorts walking path on . are woman a dress man 
. grass in dogs two play 
grass dogs two running in 
run two dogs pale in grass . 
grass next to white road two a the . dogs on run 
in side side two grass dogs green run . white by 
mat a on the over a on bending . yellow gymnast grass is 
jumping the at a . wrestler pointing and mat 
a young the mat wrestler yellow to being thrown . 
person the is . in shoes white wearing the shorts blue stripes with black 
air wrestler in . jumping the 
of a little soccer playing bunch are . kids 
soccer children a . play game in 
kids little playing soccer 
while soccer goal kids playing toward run the . little 
playing . through are running soccer the grass the children 
wearing ears point to four <unk> . bunny women <unk> an 
, " ears <unk> , the point to pink right several . women wearing bunny " 
ears <unk> . wearing women pink are 4 bunny there 
have on . their the pink women ears heads bunny 
wearing and ears point the something bunny numbers . in distance race at women 
black a dog a a wooden deck . from lake into jumping 
jumping a a water black . dog dock off into 
off into a water black the dog dock a jumps . 
a pier . of a off black jumps dog lake a into 
is the the . pond dog leaping into 
the a long lone on in beach . distance person walking a 
a walking footprints beach some and leaving on man behind is the 
leaves in the footprints along the . walks sand person and beach a 
as woman she the footprints a leaving a in sand in towards walks . the dress ocean is black 
woman footprints sand on walking leaving 
. tire on sits holds baby and a toy a a 
tire a , on a a , . little with red is toy sitting kid 
with , . , in seated toy plants red boy near pajamas on tire and yellow 
car a sits on . child plastic tire holding 
a red on sitting with street is the the playing toy . child 
through an rock . squeezing a is the opening in person face 
from a . person small feet a cave out sticking are 's 
an underground rocks of the into an . <unk> cave , <unk> feet <unk> 
. large under crawling someone is rock a 
rock and man be stuck a . this <unk> hard beneath to place 
paddling white is a container blue through a deep brown and in dog . water 
white swimming a brown dog backyard and swims . in pool a 
an a . is swimming pool above ground in dog 
the white a swimming in dog pool swims and brown . 
dog and the white . is a pool brown little in swimming 
is camera her with smiling crowd at a the a people . girl of behind 
yellow shirt with hair long . girl and is white a wearing dark smiling a 
girl the for camera young a smiling . 
a girl crowd wearing in a smiling . young yellow 
the girl crowd in young with posing background 
girl swing a a another . while watches girl rides 
girl a a . on swing rope swings 
watches a green with shirt girl a little in little a . while swings girl yellow 
tree wearing a girl yellow young swings . on rope a a shirt 
the the swinging is small on rope girl 
sit near fire people a outside . 
are by sitting . two men campfire a 
to a campfire <unk> . are next at sitting night people two 
a two around fire . people large sit 
near people fire the in . dark two sitting a <unk> 
her painted body a naked . with woman 
paint in crowd nude a in lady . a walks of body front 
paint with and on woman her shirtless mud face . body a her on 
. a is in mud face her with topless covered woman painted 
. , mud young woman a for paint topless or except 
chasing grass brown a dogs plastic black and two the . bag through 
chasing are in . dogs front a of soccer a two ball playground 
a dogs plastic bag chasing . two 
a chasing at playground the dogs . toy the two air in 
school playing dogs yard a in two 
. standing cones a white is large cap , homeless a man in orange behind 
construction in site a a man standing homeless . 
with . next sign stands a homeless man orange cones construction to a 
" reading near a homeless site helps man <unk> a " sign a holds . construction 
. up a of safety sign orange cones in man a front holding homeless of <unk> 
something group a looking children of . off-camera at 
watching something <unk> . children 
. faces knees shining raised their up with and sitting down on children their several light 
sitting children the ground three on . 
girls two on sitting ground 
. along walking side child a legged birds long 
little turkeys walking 4 a boy and 
geese small boy a . following 4 
next group a of birds to large four a walks boy . small 
turkeys a a four walks road young boy with down 
a on . swing swings girl the little 
blue hat . is and wearing young jeans swing on a a a girl 
young a swing smiling female . on a 
. a swinging the on girl is swing happily outside 
swings the . girl 
the is dog of water . walking out and soaked brown is a 
out of the dog water . a walks 
long through river brown a dog haired . walking a 
wet emerging dog very . a brown water is the from 
wet walks out the of dog a water . 
in a and float boat setting among outdoor blue <unk> orange . an boat 
lake . a beautiful a in kayak and in kayak a orange around man man a paddle an blue 
blue guys , kayaking . one creek one , down two orange are a 
two their paddling through are the . men water small canoes 
of <unk> <unk> men an . two in area are full canoes is 
a two leads dirt down paved . man the of road a cows shoulder 
walking man down side . road the his cow a of the 
the rider road a and man another leading no with rider walks down cow a with a cow . 
dirt with man a cow a . down sidewalk a walks 
two two cows pull road men down . the 
dog a runs in mouth grass in field a its with ball . a 
a running with across . mouth field ball a a dog in its 
is dog running that a with a ball a in . field 
grass bringing an open dog on ball is . a back a field little 
a haired mouth with runs yellow lawn . in its dog across long a a ball 
into dog chases deer . a a the woods 
yellow . a on chases with field flowers dog a deer a 
yellow a field a of dog in deer a . flowers chasing 
dog a field a flowers . deer a in yellow with chasing 
chases near the . a woods the deer dog 
. girl a <unk> an a swings near young doorway boy 
little in a her swings a around brother . courtyard girl 
boy a swinging . a in circle woman a 
a swings woman a . building around a outside boy 
by a swings the young woman a . hands young boy around 
raft a baby a life jacket a on . in 
wearing <unk> is whilst a an a baby life house in inside jacket sitting the . adult 
life vest happy baby an . wears a orange 
life a jacket kid a wearing young 
boat life indoors . sits in a the jacket the with toddler on 
grassy through and a white a a area brown . running dog 
a romp of high dogs two through <unk> meadow 
. run two field tall dogs grass in of a 
two through dogs grass the . running 
through dogs two field a run . 
<unk> a as follow others behind dog . leaps race large a 
numbered . dogs wearing running a track jerseys at 
dogs run the race at a . the track 
other dogs four the of . ahead dog number 
jersey <unk> the 5 dog with " " jersey the the " the of with . 4 racing ahead " dog 
one riding a motorcycle guy a on . wheel 
a a a doing man gray motorcycle trick red helmet . a with in on 
a a wheelie motorcyclist . pops 
<unk> person a in wheelie a a . a popping motorcycle on 
on trick a doing a . motorcycle person wheelie 
dog chases . a ball a 
. a tennis ball a courtyard dog concrete a in chases 
catch tennis . a to running dog a ball is 
on . chases small a dog pavement ball tennis a 
the . the brown is and chasing ball dog white 
. on chews a plants baby 
. his some a mouth in baby grass seeds has 
sticking baby a into <unk> his mouth grass 
baby plants green a them puts wearing its . onto and holds mouth in 
in green small . with plant in sweater mouth child 
dressed grassy woman leashed with black black a white in a is in people and while background a the on dog watch <unk> lawn . outside 
holding . the a gray woman onto dog leash black in 's 
with dogs of a . pair woman a <unk> 
black long a dog at , . woman <unk> large show a haired a dog showing 
woman a with a . dog show hair dog shows at a long very 
of a a . just city mountain jumping the side is a off kid outside 
a man town on a jumping hill a overlooking . 
with a a . city cliff a below jumps off view man 
hill rocky man . a from leaping a 
. person of a rock off jumping high a 
. a swinging swing a boy on 
swings air in . a boy the 
an a is a orange swing . playing wearing boy on shirt 
an swings orange swing . in child a shirt on a 
sandals . dark blue a shirt child orange an and , shorts a denim wearing swing on rides 
a his with a a bare a skateboard <unk> on furry on . dog man beside <unk> face expression squats 
dog a and to a walking is on man brown a next . white skateboard 
a on . man a large next skateboard dog is squatting a to 
poses dog a . man a on skateboard with a 
wearing man a brown no a rides skateboard dog shirt . a with 
in standing in a hardhat is a of front green man . white truck a 
in man built stands hardhat <unk> <unk> wearing . front not a being buildings of a 
worker <unk> sits distance looks a the <unk> off <unk> into him while behind . a 
near <unk> stands <unk> . " hardhat in says a construction <unk> with that <unk> green man a in jacket " black 
street . the is buildings by <unk> the man on standing 
yawning dog a wearing . collar a 
is yawning dog gray . a 
with . a its grey dog closed white collar yawning a eyes in 
collar white yawning with dog 
. has grey eyes dog its the closed 
hat young . boy in cowboy rides a a a horse 
a a a horse cowboy rides in . hat boy young large 
red a horse rides . a young boy 
a horse hat a cowboy and on wearing boy riding young a 
riding horse a . boy 
and bird brightly a dog a small . colored 
. and and dog a white brown a colorful bird 
<unk> standing that above the in at . thrown nearby colorful him dog air ball a and a a looking was 
sits and looks a little a . <unk> nearby a ball air in tennis the dog at 
red looking is green ball the the the dog . <unk> at behind 
dog a small sits white in field a 
a dog and grass sitting . the in white brown 
a sitting on a and . rocky area white grassy brown , dog 
on lawn a . dog a white rocky sits 
grass is . in white the the dog sitting 
a a eats red man . baseball in cap chip a 
a red a potato a in has man hat chip his wearing mouth 
cap putting a a chip his mouth and . red a man in wearing sunglasses 
hat and a is and a . a opening red his wide man chip mouth sunglasses wearing eating 
puts a a on mouth chip in his . man with sunglasses 
standing a behind are railing watching of in something the people crowd distance a . 
. a right group toward wait and the a <unk> of look behind people 
. behind people of a wait fence group metal a 
people outside waiting a area group fenced in of a . 
an group enjoying of a event . spectators 
glass looking little a through a boy . at shirt creature a in the white is 
child <unk> at glass a looks . in display a 
young through an at boy the looks a . <unk> at <unk> a glass 
a at looking child young glass and is kneeling a creature . a case small inside 
boy down an animal bends little to look the . at 
the ball red black . a chasing dog through water a 
a ball huge makes splash . a a dog red for black 
into water to dog a splashing a ball . retrieve the black red 
ball in chasing red the large a a makes dog while water a splash . 
ball splashing toward . a dog red water in 
to a hands if catch . in people holds something crowd while sweater in blue man <unk> as a of and standing a his 
extends man <unk> hands a his a in crowd 
a is <unk> in <unk> man crowd . a his 
in man raises <unk> his . a arms crowd a 
man people a hands from of within his raises crowd . a 
black <unk> at <unk> the in . man something a a store in is 
<unk> him has something a store in his man bag and is . handing the the <unk> 
in store a <unk> standing line man is at . the a 
store man tattooed <unk> a in . making music a a is 
counter man a standing <unk> . at 
. guy talks hand near with sit his him a something others and while does 
wall brick sitting at the with blond in a a young background man a table 
a on looks a another lights <unk> while young . man 
one two skinned guys one skinned . bar at dark a light and 
. other men <unk> next each a near machine to to two are sitting 
red countryside a in rides . the biker in 
. on biker path dirt a a 
off bike and a the is rides a airborne . of a hill person top 
bike on person a dirt a bmx . a course riding 
person is wearing bicycle the . on the red 
man young and and a a tree standing under . large <unk> girl 
a tunnel in trunk the a . in a of boy made , a hugging man tree 
under kid a <unk> arm with . tree younger an boy older his around a 
a giant tree stand boys cutting a two underneath in . 
<unk> a under stand . kids area tree in large an two 
has who a gray beard hair man a while purple shirt a gray and wearing laughs . 
and beard smiling a <unk> . a man with shirt pink is 
with hair of a is man smiling people crowd hair in facial <unk> and . a 
<unk> gray hair a man laughing with 
an a hair and long with old beard . white man long white 
<unk> <unk> holds an . head a woman above her 
her dress a arm her raises woman over a in . head 
while woman hat . looking is her at ceiling the off a taking 
. other she over head hand holding is in towards looking wide drink a a her woman , her up ring a , 
head woman her above a with . upward her hand looking 
other . on each track a muddy race dogs 
on a track . race greyhounds 
muzzled track racing the are greyhounds . on 
they midair while run dogs . race 
several numbers a race wearing running dogs . a while on track dirt 
in in dressed path on two capes field boys white . running a a 
two in are path a . wearing white out <unk> field running a capes through children 
. walk along white capes children a path two <unk> wearing 
little . path capes a in boys two on walking 
dirt with children down are . young a capes two on path walking 
a from boy tree is red down hanging . in a top upside a 
a upside tree in a child shirt from red hangs branch down a 
wearing child red sweatshirt upside down . a from tree a is hanging a 
red , wearing a upside and a branch from . down child hangs tree shorts top a 
kid tree upside a a down from hanging 
painted . <unk> white with standing man a in brick a front building 
in down of a run man front poses house a 
man <unk> looking is white older of glasses an a an front mustache . and building with in 
<unk> stands man older old a up building . an outside 
front . of an in <unk> old stands man building a 
a on . guy log a 
wood . a of on an man piece sitting outside old 
lake the large in near sitting wearing grass backpack . a is man a a 
. backpack a fallen with the sits a river log on by a man 
kneeling in of front bird petting while river . large man 
water black in a a with the a and . collie dog stick 
follows dog a water stick another a dog with . through the 
dog a water and a . stick walking in tan with black dog in mouth 
black the the returns water the contest dog as <unk> from it fetching 
a in retrieving water dogs with stick one two 
a <unk> a pool head back . in his boy 
dark . and with hair in water boy is up a looking is 
dark-haired of pool a . swimming of closeup water in young a boy a 
in pool a . floats boy smiling a 
boy . up from water blue peeking 
a big . towards dog swims the brown camera 
brown dog . through treads water 
swimming dog of a closeup . image 
furry swimming in . the ocean dog is the brown 
. dog brown camera towards wet swims 
necklace her a a girl . holding blonde red shirt in 
necklace night a her with . plays girl at 
pulling wearing she the necklace wearing . on is a is girl shirt red a 
necklace in in red holding a . crowd girl large her shirt 
the shirt front crowd of is . in lady with the the red young 
a pool mother . , a girl in the arms of jumps little her into standing 
catches the . woman boy a a pool jumping young into 
jumping a suit a woman is while of into pool black a a wearing arms child swimming young the . in 
the in pool . the toddler lady catches the 
. a woman a girl her others reaches as young watch pool a while jumps , for into 
out . a a her in head cut child a cow with of 
through a is . her cow girl poking cutout a head 
cow a head cut face his . a a hole boy with sticking young of out it is through 
face at her <unk> girl in is farm a young . cow a a putting 
puts and hole cutout barn . a for the camera in cow through head background with her a child a the in a smiles 
a ball fetching dog a brown . is 
of patch fetching tennis ball green . a in a grass dog is a 
. ball a large outdoors chases a dog 
in brown chases park yellow after ball dog 
, fetching in tan a ball . tennis middle dog the there field is a a of 
running dog . a brown is grass on 
dog grass running a brown . the across 
. a running grass a dog brown in 
through a . runs a dog brown field 
dog grass a green . across bounds the 
is a swing blue shirt baby a in in a . 
<unk> in green the the lush above swing . grass little sits a child 
a a swing girl on plays young 
top shorts a . child swinging a in person <unk> is wearing blue a seat young and 
swinging kid the in is . backyard the little 
by and black attack a <unk> a brown a dog man stick being holding 
wearing dog a a protective man attacking . gear 
. bites german has who a arm of man protective the on a shepherd gear 
an attack man dog . trains a 
the the officer <unk> dog to with is the attack is the on holding cloth police biting 
lawn a dog running . is on the 
. a hose running bench garden a a past and stone dog 
a and a water stone white in bench a past is yard running a . hose dog 
running his grassy . a area a yellow <unk> dog through at 
through beige the is the dog grass running . large 
black a hurdle . a over jumps white and dog 
dog a black jumps . over hurdles 
and white over , jump a field brown red cars and dog black white and a nearby tri-colored tents in a with jumps <unk> . 
over dog competition jumping agility is . a at a a barrier 
an a fence course obstacle . jumping dog over 
a range snowy standing is on climber overlooking mountain a rocks . 
climber <unk> a on lone . snowy a 
man . dark clothing helmet mountains the white and in a snowy a in stands 
, big mountain snowy a a . is overlooking man 
helmet a snowy white stands a . man mountaintop with on a 
race a greyhound during fast a . running 
on turn muddy a track greyhound through is . dog a running a 
number racing . wearing dog greyhound 8 
number the the with is dog mid-jump in racing 
greyhound is . running the racetrack the on racing 
two an a canoes <unk> orange canoe other . lake toward on 
a orange mountain in several . row lake kayakers 
three the kayaks water background mountain out with a on are in . the 
the , are some water them canoes behind . two houses cross 
kayak mountain as a seen . of a from view 
large a setting with people wrapped boy a chest his a around snake blonde among <unk> stands . in 
. huge around neck a a snake boy his outside carries 
around a a has . boy snake large wrapped him 
boy in large is . a shirt green snake holding a a little 
<unk> over young a a snake . shoulders boy his has 
and in people kayaking snowy . <unk> mountainous 
background three are snowy mountains kayakers of the in ocean . 
are . kayakers three water in snowcapped the alongside traveling mountains 
with kayaking mountains men the in background three 
three background paddle boats . red people the mountains through in water with on 
hand . his catch boy in catcher , stretching helmet a a out a <unk> for 
catcher a and game a red plays . baseball a uniform in at white 
shirt a standing is dirt held the a his in red with catcher . glove with out 
a his child a to reaching catch . out ball mitt catcher 
ball the catch to bending ready down is . the boy 
mountain . at atop looking a scenery sits the a couple down 
a a overlooking on couple sitting rock with filled a trees valley 
the are and man . woman a a a trees on of at and an orange and in looking rock view sitting the shirt hills the 
the a is a . sitting valley couple overlooking on rock 
forest . a a rock people sitting two overlooking on 
, desert person . a a standing in with face covered their 
a headscarf in in a desert the woman 
a head her young child with covered desert with walking in the scarf a 
her scarf face girl . covered has a with a traditional young black 
girl desert . in walks headscarf wearing black 
dreadlocks standing girl a pool with a in 
by a a little pool pink . laughs bathing suit girl in a 
in bathing small girl a a black suit 
young a . girl in a pool 
girl at the . suit african-american pool of in red the bathing a young edge 
to bench . brown a dog stone next a 
a sits bench dog . under small a 
collar a a bench to concrete sits small wearing next dog a . 
a tan the sad looking a by beach sits in sand . dog 
is small and a collar sits behind dog . sand object in a stone wearing the red the 
in frisbee brown play water a . dogs two the with 
. a dogs frisbee two biting the on in pond 
a of frisbee two in while a both . control dogs for lake fighting 
with . two tug war dogs <unk> play a water in , disc of 
the fighting two large a in dogs water over frisbee . 
tree a climbing a boy . 
child a climbs tree . a 
a on tree child crouched standing limb a . 
tree climbs a girl young a . 
branch on young a climbing tree a park low a in man . is 
object carries swims a dog brown and a . brown 
the its a swims mouth water dog in a while . holding through stick 
water small in shephard . carries german a log a the 
. its with wood piece through mouth is in dog swimming a water of 
water large shepherd from german retrieving stick 
a a child . on flips trampoline 
jumps a . on trampoline down child a upside 
her bounces on girl head a down a . on upside trampoline 
is bouncing on head . a girl a on her trampoline 
trampoline a on <unk> and upside-down . is see a girl can her you 
stand with that spray painted outside been a of building has guys . words two 
that writing it two . near stand a painted wall has on men 
leaning beer . wall on two graffitied drink young men , a 
out in wall by graffitied hanging jackets a men two young black 
building of in jeans . young dark front in jackets and standing a men two 
on skateboarding a small concrete little baby a wall 
on . a cement boy ramp a skateboards little 
ramp a rides young a over child . helmet blue a a skateboard wearing 
young a on . skateboarder a ramp 
a in little on . skateboard riding jacket ramp boy is a the the green 
, , on off a from its shakes . dog water rocky ground body a brown 
a dog water off shaking . 
a water dog off . shaking 
retriever a shaking water is golden some off 
tan shaking dog a of himself the water off 
blue clothes woman in a a middle . blue to headscarf a eastern boy wearing sits next 
boy blue <unk> are wearing a a clothes and woman traditional both 
beside wall a in kneel clothing . while young man a woman blue dressed themed and 
a woman the look right a against a a headscarf blue while wearing to in wall boy . sitting and 
a boy on blue . next her sits wearing young to head a woman scarf wearing a 
by steps a two tile dog some . sits black bowls near 
the . a black floor dog sits on 
steps . a lies dog the outside on a building 
two a . looking are dogs up at person 
of at out . up dogs view camera look a person of two the 
a playfully . red and dogs ball soccer two white chase brown 
dogs a and are two red with white ball playing 
small striped a chasing . red two ball dogs 
dogs in a red two . large ball a with area grassy white and playing small striped 
small dogs with playing two a volleyball 
sits . tree a stump boy a on 
the post tall sits fence boy on . and a smiles 
. a stump sitting boy on a 
tree child of stump a . on large sits a top 
on sandals a boy small . sits in field in post a a wooden 
red a a <unk> . eating <unk> boy large is 
<unk> a eating boy is . red a little 
a child eating frozen haired treat . dark 
<unk> a boy red . little eating 
eating is wide a the little red . boy <unk> eyed 
on . a plays with a toy playground child a 
small is shoes blue outfit with blue . child a wearing a 
playground a . on plays toddler a 
a a at a young . playground with playing stick child is 
a a playground is on playing there . toddler 
a a 's smelling dog brown dog grey tail . 
. smelling each two dogs other are 
two in middle dogs forest a heavily of wooded the 
the dogs in . woods two standing 
each medium others size two <unk> <unk> . dogs 
slope red and a the white sideways girl and on helmet . pink a ski in snow covered suit little skies 
child in pink down and a . white <unk> slope 
. slope skis girl on little 
in skis pink slope . wearing skis a person on 
a young hill of snowy the on is pink a side in skier <unk> 
field a black a white through bounds dog . and 
through and a bounds black grass <unk> dog tall white . 
white black dog a grass . through running is the and 
and long leaps through a in field dog grass black a white . 
through a is . dog running the field 
is black some doberman through dog a water jumping . and tan 
dog through a a at jumping the lake water 
. running water tan black and black dog with through face 
. water the through leaping doberman 
water <unk> through the leaping is doberman the . 
. a girl a dress white in 
white back . camera <unk> looking carrying at a in little while the water girl is a 
braids smiling in girl young a playing ball is . 
young wearing looks she as . the white girl a camera at plays 
the is a green holding ball girl . 
away walking a is city carrying street girl busy bag a pink an down . asian 
down a wearing walks sidewalk . woman and the a boots skirt black 
walks a crowded a pink a sidewalk purse woman down . with 
a and stores skirt a in black woman walks . boots by young 
dress and wearing a a mini <unk> crowded with . a long walking girl jacket bag through white area pink 
. two run small grass the through dogs the 
white dogs fluffy running . two grass in green 
through grass the . small run dogs two 
that look playing the identical . in grass are almost dogs small two 
in yellow two green run grass dogs . together 
tuxedos . in boys little two 
a tuxedos sitting . on boys two dressed red small carpeted in floor 
on fight clothes dressed young boys in step while two sitting . carpeted a red formal 
wrestle two in . suits young boys 
dressed children the . play carpet on well 
brown on dog swimming big jumps . pool the backyard a a into 
into in pool a <unk> a . dog 
into dog the pool brown jumping 
is the pool <unk> . brown the dog into jumping 
brown pool a . into swimming is jumping the dog large 
eating two little <unk> a . girl 
and blonde a little is girl hair <unk> eyes with blue eating . 
another eating one is the a eyes other while girl a in cookie with . blond young cookie blue holding hand with and hair 
eyes girl with little <unk> eating blue . 
young girl . blue eyes eating with a cookie 
with a tennis ball a collie its over bed a jumps border in . mouth 
mouth a . jumping dog a in with ball its 
jumps bed . a on a green dog a catches toy and 
in ball air and border . tennis collie the jumps catches a 
ball tennis . white mouth the black in and jumps its with dog a 
. <unk> that a woman is is of white a full dollar holding <unk> 
<unk> a <unk> a <unk> sunglasses like " with <unk> and silver of signs woman shaped full poses dollar . " 
a on money themed stands . wearing woman street a the costume 
. of money a wearing a <unk> full woman 
that " says <unk> woman that glasses a a with with sign stands , holding dollar a <unk> <unk> dollar , . wearing is <unk> <unk> " 
a a kayak red jacket a man . stands near in yellow 
rocks jacket a the a on by ocean a man red kayak next in to stands yellow . 
lays his . kayak feet pulls as man at a on a sweater his 
in canoe red man jacket water some standing rocks wearing a beside on the yellow a background with a 
jacket a a lake the shore man yellow a . with stands a wearing on of red kayak 
grocery in riding while a store the back . a of smiles on girl cart a 
a on front a shopping little riding a of is . store cart the girl in 
wearing a little riding is end store grocery of in . a girl shopping a blue cart the 
a and skirt store young on cart a <unk> in with . a <unk> girl plaid a blue in shopping riding dressed grocery a front shirt 
hair shirt holding to blue a a skirt on in girl and cart with in blue a brown white store and . shopping 
blue in hat a shirt a woman <unk> a straw blond wearing . 
a cowboy shirt haired long wearing and hat woman . stripped is grass a a 
cowboy woman hat in and white is wearing . a shirt a a blue 
a . hat wearing a woman 
a a cowboy shirt and blue straw white woman on striped with hat in . 
sunglasses in a cellphone woman and talks on hat a . blond 
cap with lady cellphone baseball on on a a he talking 
the at . stadium a woman talks phone a on 
on talks sunglasses young a . a blonde her cellphone woman and wearing hat 
and ball with cellphone talking a cap dark woman glasses on 
a toddler tunnel is yellow a the in inside . playground sitting 
playground tunnel yellow young in on plays a boy . a a 
yellow slide yellow in playground shirt sitting in boy 
shirt a is boy wearing the tunnel yellow little yellow . in the 
child slide . down prepares to the go the young 
a a going boy water down . slide 
a . in down green boy slide water trunks a slides 
down slides an boy inflatable water slide . a 
an a inflatable bottom . child the reaches of slide 
inflatable water as boy smiling rides down young . an a he slide 
a grass in fence a girl moving by a green brown the is metal through . dress 
dress backyard in . girl a little jumping in a a 
little dress a in . jumps her girl brown up 
dress . jumps woman a a the grass in on black 
in the the dress . air outside girl in jumping a is 
sandy . with and frisbee standing dog black on beach red white a a a 
a on a . red a beach disc drops dog 
air a . flying with dog in a frisbee the red 
dog a catching . red frisbee 
a beach the red a dog on dropping disc is . black 
a shirt on red phone . girl a a a in picture takes 
a picture shirt cellphone woman low a with in a takes . cut her 
. shirt red woman holding a cellphone a a in 
her . taking phone a with woman pictures 
a to in sunglasses take up her holds something phone the of . girl picture 
a a milk yellow . over all face and his cup with child 
drinks a and all little milk . and boy over gets table face his milk 
boy a milk little from the green . his <unk> cup 
. green sitting <unk> with small at hair child a holding cup a laughing table blond 
around . mouth toddler his with milk 
behind a top rocks at man of clouds , . the 
stands of a a hill top rocky on . man 
on of . man top a stands rocky a mountain 
the . sky rocks of top standing a with behind person on some 
a stands a mountaintop person on . 
an <unk> a making <unk> boy hand hawaiian in the open shirt his with is . 
arm . wearing shirt and boy his jumps a raises a flowered 
and jumps building a in . clothing a in cut child and poses yard a low hawaiian nearby fence 
the shirt her . or with open in jumping flying child a his air 
the stretching shirt the with . his <unk> his in boy arm air is 
hiding a a behind boy tree 
tables a a . tree standing picnic t-shirt front striped is of boy in the a by in 
shirt striped a is tree behind boy little a standing . in a 
a while against sits striped table a leaning a child in young picnic is tree boy at shirt a another . 
picnic one them boys in two at a , standing the table sitting near behind a with tree . and one playground park a 
boy a <unk> is slide . down jumping water a 
water boy a onto slide a inflatable jumps 
boy slide on water a a 
slide a slide blue begins wearing a . to down water a boy swimsuit 
an in a jumping person down slide inflatable trunks swim 
blonde little toddler a wading in . a is baby pool 
pool a boy young in a 
swimming playing young pool in a boy a 
blond hair in pool a is boy with swimming . young a 
is of boy the little coming pool a . in swimming out the water 
dirt . mouth child into a his puts 
little . outdoors a is is <unk> playing dirt boy who 
and . a child puts small mouth squats into his dirt 
toddler a eats . dirt 
is in . dirt mouth boy shirt the the putting his wearing blue little 
a of . outside waiting group <unk> are of girls a 
a . six fence behind people standing 
turn in at a their standing women . six field a <unk> <unk> 
field a women to <unk> wait a use . six in 
outside <unk> women to the . use standing 
bent jumping a children child red is a ' young girl in a for over . game over 
of playing are fountain in <unk> children a front 
children playing . <unk> 
playing beside . <unk> fountain children 
a fountain children water near six . 
is to from one leaping child room the another bed in . a same 
to bed blonde one a jumps another boy little from . 
another from . to one blonde a jumping child small bed 
from bed leaps boy to one another small . a 
boy young bed blonde . jumping bed is from a to 
woman is of dog . a a her hands front brown while clapping in running running 
leads through small competition dog woman an agility . a a 
blue red course front tents running a the . dog in is little of 
through an . course dog her woman small leading obstacle 
. dog with on playing woman grass small 
plastic bat . boy swings a a 
. boy <unk> little a up in a blonde red bat the a holds t-shirt pool plastic 
a air . in the the waiting boy holds bat ball little a on 
. <unk> to a red waiting his in t-shirt pooh is boy a bat the little swing 
bat . small back a baseball a red swings child 
. road is shorts a woman down top a asphalt tank jogging an and blue in 
a jogging woman view a scenic a hill her up with <unk> 
and top down woman a cap jogging the white purple in road . a 
in a background . the mountain and blue person shorts top on standing trees cap wearing a with with in road 
shorts road in lane and blue woman hat in on the . the jogging the white mountain is a bicycle 
a . walking man two trees low tightrope to , the between , ground a 
across a . man tightrope the walks 
on tightrope a a tree walks man a . under low 
man suspended night young across walking . a rope is a at 
walks tightrope man . a tree night to a a young at tied 
. a of on is bar a cellphone talking a man outside 
with front a of red <unk> <unk> standing in posters light man 
cellphone display of <unk> , <unk> a in , , talks . a while a standing front on man <unk> 
in of front the phone sign man a on neon 
is . front talking on his a store man cellphone sports of in the 
wearing is number red a in caught brown midair . five white racing and greyhound a 
with is number . it 5 the track greyhound a on a dirt racing running along 
the muzzled jumps a bar through animal splashes and metal over mud a . 
on a five . muzzled the track wearing a dog running greyhound is number 
track sweater with dog muzzle . dirt 5 marked on runs and 
. a in jogging woman , yellow 
a woman an the on is , shoreline item road by air . a a jogging in up holding 
near a down a the . woman jogs shore rocky <unk> 
passing woman shore by . a the 
shirt <unk> woman <unk> the . the yellow along the in 
laying on sidewalk girl . a a 
girl lays . on a driveway her 
girl and sidewalk lays grass arms in a . face the her on with the 
little the in sidewalk her with grass . girl on face lays a the 
sidewalk girl on is the the . laying little 
<unk> a and group <unk> children play in a <unk> church . of 
a of play group <unk> . children 
playing group of . young and children song instruments performing a 
with a instruments in row . six musical small children 
instruments singing church playing appears a and . what musical in to six children be 
a steps building next other behind traffic guys to posing them the of on with two are . each 
sitting . in on a men building two city are steps front of 
pose the bottom . two a a area <unk> at of of in steps men set 
urban . an two men setting sit steps beside stone in together 
two a set sit outside street , on a of men steps near together 
. pool side is of the a black dog walking along a 
pool runs an swimming outdoor dog around black . a 
. black walking dog a beside a pool 
the walks a black on . pool of edge poodle a 
is edge on poodle of <unk> a the walking pool fluffy a . 
in smiles blue water and boy . swims a 
boy swims . smiles he a while 
boy the in swims pool a . 
the head above smiling , his a . swims with boy only water 
smiling swims . child a 
car station gas a a and on . fire 
at station . gas a red <unk> car a near explosion large a 
an a car in red caught is . explosion 
a fire ball through . a car red leaping of is 
<unk> . pumps flames at gas car red a 
air <unk> . sunset in is a at riding <unk> a man the 
a floating individual an parachute in with air is . the 
. sky the person in connected a fan to a 
. midair in <unk> 
at . person hang gliding sunset 
a fan is <unk> landing yellow a parachute with . vehicle 
with . a the a landing flying buildings is with background machine in sail industrial yellow 
horizon <unk> cart parachute the to on a in attached . man air a the in <unk> with <unk> a 
at man night parasails 
yellow <unk> landing person . a 
her a ball a . park child playing and are in mother 
a hat her girl ball playing with little mom a . with 
woman a young a in a blue a part with girl setting with . asian plays ball 
blue ball a grass young daughter woman with beach the play and in white a . and her 
a a blue ground top grey with dress woman ball . girl with and in on tan with hat 
in path standing . front a white a are of on two men building 
. to with building <unk> close of in a front each two men other many stand 
large building a men of stand front in . two 
two standing around building a of front men <unk> in and trees grass with . 
two of a a stand men on tropical sidewalk front hotel in . 
a brown running dog 
brown running grass a over . dog 
off front surface near its the flowers grassy dog with a . a paws brown ground and red purple on 
runs flowers a dog across some a lawn . near grassy 
is in near dog flowers grassy yellow a . playing a area 
trick is in a purple kid a doing skateboard . 
a painted inside heavily a purple with area skateboard in shirt attempts a tricks man graffiti a . 
purple skateboarding . is man a a in shirt area <unk> in a 
grinding person a ledge a skateboard . on a 
person a off rides cement of hat a blue a bench skateboard wearing . a 
taking are while woman others is pointing . a pictures 
a look points woman that to others way and the . as left she 
her of her wall . the with in pointing is the black of front front woman a cement in shirt in 
are they the sitting fountain of on edge a 
something of others pointing woman pictures take while 
blue . a dog a toy on chews on a blanket 
and dog rug blue mess a laying , a is on a . chewing making 
chewing toy a a on dog gray . 
. blue a blue eyes bright something a with chewing carpet on laying grey dog on while 
toy the a gray chewing on blue on hound carpet eyed , is laying blue a . puppy 
. and <unk> a in beard man <unk> sunglasses overlooks a valley a <unk> 
large grassy with the posing . in man off a distance mountains 
wearing forested . man before stands a sunglasses landscape a 
standing with and in hills sunglasses of beard . front a man a <unk> is 
bearded sunglasses man . the with mountains in 
leaping friends the slip on his background in slide and with boy watching . a a to 
slide playing a on slip and outside boy . a 
a dives water onto young toy a boy . 
five a a . while look onto boy young toy water on people leaps 
on the the boy enjoying is playing toys . water young himself 
a ball racket tennis coming above her from is a girl hit a about with to 
girl outdoor an is a court tennis on playing little . 
ball girl tennis a hitting with a racket a shirt in pink young red a 
a . attempt young tennis about to is girl hit a ball to 
the trying the hit shirt the ball . tennis in is to red player 
bent a little 's on a dog . sitting leg is person 
dog stands a a balancing on person small their leg with . 
with small legs her dog a in a person caught 
a a carrying legs . woman black dog her small between 
black the a person dog . with small white is walking and 
street a . while on man he cellphone down his talks the walks 
carries talks blue walks on a phone . as in the <unk> of he bag member hand the and his a 
talking blue bag small on priest a down cellphone street a the carrying walking a . 
a and . sidewalk on bag talking blue priest black walking carrying in cellphone on 
blue with walking . on bag cellphone priest talking while 
a shirtless haired is shorts gray . dark in running boy 
shirt man a skinny running no on young with 
running the a in a background down shorts with small boy sidewalk in flowers blue 
shorts , no small is outdoors running boy a . shirt , and wearing 
and grey . no shorts is wearing is the who shirt boy walking 
a . cowboy head horse his jumping a covers him as <unk> 
cowboy a a brown in on <unk> being horse a man by hat 
fallen and is <unk> off being rider a <unk> has horse a himself from 
a with . front white with man off horse on the legs the both ground brown behind cowboy hat ground 
on . the of ! getting <unk> is is brown underneath cowboy and the <unk> <unk> horse the 
is baby colored wearing of a . rings set blue bandanna a playing with a 
in chair blue scarf plastic a rug outfit tan and with soft a toys on a plays child a . a nearby 
on blue a a of . bandanna a in stick rings set playing with toddler a 
blue with a head his plays on with a . toy wrapped wooden scarf toddler a 
is . little a boy bandanna wearing blue the 
<unk> on passing kayak bridge both a <unk> by the is river wire a that . 
people ride down the . river kayaks their some 
. two float down <unk> river the 
<unk> mountain river canoeing two a overlooking a . on are 
down a two in background the . river a rafting , <unk> people 
people near . a <unk> mountain are 
rowing mountain a canoe , <unk> . people past are large in two a 
a float rocky canoe a wooded people cliff past . in two , 
in people forested mountain canoe a on a two river . beside a 
kayak green two on are people foliage a paddling in past river a . 
and road a person run forest paved a on a dog . near a 
a runs person a with . dog 
a down person road small dog . a gravel a jogs after 
. dog , asphalt a road an and running down woman tree lined 
shirt someone running behind small dog green in a . a 
girl water the over at . a jumps beach 
the shore person lone a wearing on purple beach running tank top the at a 
leaps beach . a across woman the 
purple a the beach runs wearing the shirt . is and on woman 
, trees running . from woman to beach water on 
on beach edge a . red dog waters brown on <unk> dog the and the a 
are two . the beach on dogs ocean the brown running beside 
and the fight other with beach playfully brown each two . dogs sandy chase on 
brown dogs play the by . two the on sand water 
two a beach dogs running . down 
is a around boy whist jumping the . on other are grass standing children 
. the <unk> outside grass boy children building a group in jumping a a of 
are a standing of outside together kids . group 
. building children some a stand outside 
a blue shirt in there the and grass is boy in jumping . a blue shorts 
a boy a baseball large a surrounded red shirt by and people kicks . while white in 
boy baseball giant a children . a kicks of while watch group a 
a a boy really kicks large baseball 
a by ball kids a kid . while surrounded kicking other large 
. baseball outside an with playing are oversized children 
a a camel feeding is girl 
girl a little feeds a 
an purple feeds . a animal little girl a in t-shirt 
a a feeding girl camel young . 
. and at a zoo camel petting is girl feeding a the 
girl climbs steps pink jacket baby a wearing wooden a . 
stairs at a small . child a beach climbs 
small a child climbs outdoors . area grassy a steps in 
hoodie small ascending tall stairs pink child a . a in outdoors 
in staircase to a . climb pink a sweater a child concrete small begins 
pool swimming a splash in a . making a is boy 
child in water indoor is . by pool splashed swimming an a 
the is boy . out pool of jumping a little 
has . a pool the a from up boy water in come under redheaded just 
in a young playing swimming pool boy . a 
bull in front girls is standing a of advertising red that are two car . 
vehicle drink red in the two . pose <unk> ladies front bull of 
car to the next <unk> women two posing . 
two a women a beside with car <unk> . and standing and <unk> logo a can on blue it silver giant 
young red women bull a stand two by car . 
relaxes a <unk> waits . an at airport and 
looks . man dressed in uniform military through a down some papers sits and 
laying is something reading man the while in a on army floor <unk> . 
looking . window a soldier is of out a 
as soldier legs sits . the his window the crossed looks he out with 
a begins downtown crowd march small setting a to . in 
. marching of the streets and people holding signs group a through 
signs and with street banners of people group a walking the down 
to of protest <unk> is intersection the a streets with red near march building crossing . two a 
hold march signs street . down the and people many 
truck hanging of float <unk> is the the a . of back shown in a <unk> 
and man <unk> a stand . red truck in on <unk> costume a hangs a a 
dressed top hang to of truck man a as a pretending another <unk> on man . 
. three the truck on back in <unk> a of people costumes stand 
. the three of back a truck stand on people 
indoors a a dog ball . chasing 
catches . small tennis a ball a indoors dog 
chasing ball a small a dog . 
to his has trying dog and brown little while the . white open catch wide mouth something 
teeth his dog is small an the and chasing <unk> object . 
a <unk> boy , , . shorts a roadway arms on stands in 
a . child <unk> on the road 
and . a child shirt street the blue is in standing shorts in white a 
in a hat wearing dancing the street young boy a 
dancing <unk> in the small and a street eating boy is . 
a almost stadium sitting green empty is in in a boy . an shirt 
man red among <unk> the . sits green a shirted seats many 
. green a shirt in a a is man sitting stadium numbered wearing 
an with few a . in arena people stands the very of photo 
sits seating <unk> <unk> <unk> . with <unk> in shirt area man 
bat a . <unk> a baseball down holding falling 
player on field baseball . the runs a 
. a a onlookers ground game baseball playing falls bat at while boy to the watch 
a a child a the in in falling his is with . or to bat her uniform ground hand 
, red holding uniform player after pitch a hit white being and , baseball by in . is dressed and bat a falling this 
close-up haired shot a . man long guitar electric playing a a red of 
guitar his out man onstage a . rocks with 
long blonde a man hair a guitar red playing with 
man playing electric long . blond hair guitar with red 
playing with <unk> person guitar blonde hair 
girl another his <unk> <unk> while father watches pushes a 
with girl toy behind in riding car a a man her a 
another while pushes in a man child child on . a blue car looks a 
car small the driving is little girl blue . the 
. with the riding <unk> two car with up toy small a a in play children street 
a in stick . emerges form its water dog with the a mouth 
harness while . water dog a in his in the stick in standing a a holds mouth 
a . stick a dog a water of from retrieves body 
in stick comes mouth water white out a the a its it holds as dog of . 
standing its the . water in is with a mouth the white stick in dog 
a of man block on ice kick doing karate . a a 
ice . a a bricks man <unk> kicks karate of 
breaks artist martial a . a brick 
breaks a kick with ice . martial a artist 
ice with the man stands the mat his . breaking a foot on blue 
a trees hose is man near a down grass and on laying . 
beard a hair grass with and is lying man long the . 
grass in . a person lays the 
a a building area grassy in . a person lies near 
ground in by grass the one of man lying . trees the surrounded 
white tan dog a a a path . chasing across white and and black dog 
at . park a dog a another runs behind 
across grassy running two . dogs a path are 
quickly running park through a are two . dogs 
park through . the two run dogs 
. in there bikinis <unk> women two are 
<unk> water beside two . people 
women concrete on ocean the laying structure are beside a . two 
women . the by water two <unk> 
. concrete <unk> two <unk> a women on 
from as ground eyes in man he the a . landing a comes for parasailing 
man above hanging the a . just ground 
the a onto . handles in holding is air man 
strings . a few man in a feet desert ground holding parachute the of is onto the off a 
ready gets a land parachuting . man to 
large kite . of the man <unk> a a himself pull against 
man holds his parachute a . 
<unk> desert to in the guide man a . trying 
man the the onto down <unk> caught . the as in held crouched he was that parachute 
on his . the in man hang to the sand while glider slides holding 
through a stone . wade girl deep grass on to structure that a covers a <unk> begins 
. is a on path girl a walking sandy 
playing park girl a in a small . 
with is an through cap white area in . young walking trees a a girl 
a read with among a girl a playing the . foliage hat and shirt white young 
a parka yellow a man a a fire coat boy in watches in a <unk> . , 
a . on a child while small person a fire cooking watches 
fire holds pan a open person . an frying watches over a child a as 
the fire child on the <unk> over as . the adult looks 
. jacket in cooking the watches fire over the open the is little yellow as an boy man 
ornate pink , background girl in running . pants in an <unk> a the <unk> 
pink . the alley girl in in girl , walks the through purple by a dressed followed 
of a the building within two <unk> children . 
from girls the away one two , wall running . 
old play an abandoned . girls around little building two 
<unk> brown dog a 
<unk> . dog a 
milk a her some puppy . mother giving dog 
from <unk> mother its a . is puppy 
. a from puppy mother his <unk> young 
. leaps the dog beach on a 
on jumping is a dog playful the sand . 
brown leaping . into the air is dog up 
is the air dog the jumping . collared into 
a brown is leaping on the there beach . dog 
long hand air a . with of in a the black and one hair picture closeup raised girl 
dark the . a with clothing lady with in air hair arm left red in dressed 
with red raised a . woman arm her a in shirt 
raises in . a red in sweater crowd a hand her woman a 
a woman her raises . hand 
and person on colorful sitting people holding . crowd object older is of of a the overlooking child while a shoulders an a 
sweater a on a a <unk> shoulders girl and . sits person in blue a carries 's 
while 's a girls a . shirt a flower holds man sitting shoulders a in blue on 
a young above playing the a with <unk> <unk> is standing crowd girl 
on of hair multicolor toy shoulders with grey blue the sitting sweater man a holding a in . and girl 
with child in a orange book shirt an . a 
orange in a a young a . boy holds <unk> t-shirt asian magazine 
holding book boy young a . is a 
. orange is the an book sweater boy wearing a carrying 
shirt child and orange a is . wearing an an book there orange hold 
floor wood baby on bottle crawls of a a water near a . 
. towards bottle baby floors water hardwood a on crawls a 
bottle a wood on water a baby a floor with 
is nearby crawling water wood , infant an . with laying on a floor a bottle 
across the baby . a towards water bottle the floor young wood crawls 
small along . a boy a crawls blue in <unk> window 
child a . on small <unk> crawling a 
with glass shirt little boy crawls windows across . <unk> blue near large 
crawls glass to around next windows . large little boy the the 
window with boy leaning <unk> . blue a of against head shows this his picture beautiful a lots in outside shirt a 
bug a a people courtyard in cars <unk> other and green <unk> are by <unk> . 
lime . bug a <unk> green 
people a . mall area and city gathered in cars 
<unk> at in <unk> this plaza and white people <unk> <unk> , , a many green looking a the sports see . <unk> 
the and a american <unk> . with crowd a cars city <unk> of courtyard 
a bear on a of of climbing . group a statue children 
four of a bear playing children on sculpture a . 
fake on bear black a climbing kids . four are 
stone a on background people . four young playing the with in bear children 
on bear statue a climbing several . children 
a shirt a a looking , . sitting in blue child binoculars through on forest floor 
woods with sits up binoculars looking a . child the in 
the sitting through . the looking ground girl a on in forest binoculars 
looks girl binoculars through a sits floor . forest young the up on and 
the on sitting with forest . up woman is looking the binoculars floor 
girl bathing in suit a water a leaps in the little . up 
wearing the jumping girl a background <unk> in black a . in air little the with water is 
into a a . body swimming girl a young of suit in jumps water 
young water out of girl jumping the a 
<unk> . the bathing suit midair to is the next in water blue in the girl 
a black white jumping a puppy on the puppy of back 
wrestle dog and black white . dog a a 
and food dog a black a dish to white next dog wrestling . a 
puppy puppy over a . white a black stands 
a dog dog is . side laying white his small over black a standing small on 
. along walks climber peak snowy a a 
shore rocks . climbs snow over a by a man covered 
is a a mountain on standing . man snowcapped 
a a mountain hikes snowy . down person 
him . covered mountain snow there with a top behind man on an of lake 
several in . playing grassy ball brown tennis a dogs field with a 
. dogs three chase tennis brown a ball 
dogs tennis with ball outside a three . are playing 
a on play with ball field a dogs three . 
. tennis ball a three dogs tan run after 
smiles the . camera at a boy 
a little and playground a . is boy playing in smiling 
on a little bars monkey . the playing boy 
monkey hangs young a boy bars he from . as smiles 
as onto bars hangs playground boy . at he the young smiles a 
by . children the water run three 
next to sidewalk a . a river down running three children 
on with a children wall side river a three sidewalk one on run . other and the a on 
on the by children . three the run walkway river 
. three umbrella around a next on one run river sidewalk a closed , a to holding kids , 
black runs to a <unk> . fence grassy in wire dog a <unk> a 
by brown a dog . strings a <unk> is grassy running stretch along 
empty , past field , a grassy an stretched and runs through <unk> dog strings a path a . chair between tripod a 
grass air up dog a <unk> the the <unk> . above in with all 
green gray is a . running dog field the on 
black mouth . red something through is dog its carrying running a grass the in 
running dog a holds . rag mouth in orange an while his 
its with item a . dog running red mouth in a 
through dog with grass running in black orange its something mouth 
black garden . <unk> lawn , dog an on is object 
children young three play behind boy enclosed . a <unk> play area the other poses while of an 
house blue playing in and a children bounce green . 
the blue green and jumping in . with play filled air tent children 
four on bouncy children are playing . castle a 
toy kids and the inflatable around little inside all play . jump the 
close are the two the ocean . to boys laying beach in 
water dirty playing two boys in 
in two muddy are . deep playing water children 
muddy rolling are children in water . two 
two . swim muddy boys 
and relaxing man shallow in water a waterfall a near woman . 
woman and in creek sit . man a the 
in next woman man with to . a in sitting shallow a water sits a bikini her 
in . and sitting the woman are the water man 
people . rocks in two the river a sit shallow near 
a big in of field . dog grass runs thin fast a 
through black and a of field dog is . <unk> a grass running 
black . greyhound in a an open running field 
field through . runs dog a a 
black running field dog in , very thin a . a 
a boy . at a table eating 
red a pajamas of a out in wood at boy eats bowl a young . table 
the and making a table floor while young eating boy <unk> a mess on big 
at <unk> food all young around eats boy a table and is . as sits a 
white is the boy pajamas . in blue and sitting table eating the at 
on rocks a sunglasses sits . in man 
. beside rock water large face sitting clear in shallow a man a 
. <unk> shallow person a is sitting in a 
man . in sitting sunglasses water with shallow 
with stream t-shirt at white looking in is man the a . a rock the sitting 
a flaps girl <unk> and . in a sweater with ear a 
brown girl wearing a teenage and jacket . a a with <unk> hat on is 
the a a woman in winter mountain in of front . stands 
the hat . a outside in woman snow is young a wearing 
girl the distance the . outside the warm wearing hat and cold looking into a in off stands 
chair a sitting near woman is a building a in . brick 
chair brick blue a sits a outside woman house in . a 
a wall rough the elderly front blue is in a . woman sitting brick of chair african on 
sand in is a <unk> sitting this the on woman . 
in a brick front and stars shirt blue white grey chair with dark in skirt sitting of . wall in woman 
camera an of hut is her . inside looking the into the is while woman shown aged 
at woman an is . elderly camera the looking 
smiling an a . older small woman room in 
in third a kitchen person . stands an world old 
<unk> . stands the and older camera near a a person looks into bench 
a shirt wearing merry-go-round pink a on a girl at a spins . park little 
young girl playground at a a 
background young , a and girl on blurry yellow . a blue with merry-go-round a 
on in play <unk> park a a children . clothes summer <unk> in 
girls a on two shirts pink at a merry-go-round park young ridding wearing 
are running quickly the race this . greyhounds in 
three on racing racetrack dogs 
three track running a . racing dogs on 
three racing track on greyhounds a 
with their mouths racing masks . on dogs three 
a wearing in silver man a kilt girl a shoes another holds . and girl kilt in and man a a follows 
walking one girl is being around , of carried outdoors group . people 
. one on path walking behind woman is carried are who people three being 
with carrying walking . female people on sidewalk one , a a 
carries . one person walking , people another from these while the are camera away 
pole a yellow and a red white . and brown jumping is dog 
dog an brown over a is and obstacle jumping white 
red jumping and is white dog a yellow over pole a . and brown 
dog over a red and and brown yellow white jumping pole a 
small is over a horizontal jumping dog a and brown white . pole 
brown and the pool in some dog towards swimming white a 
dog a <unk> toward . <unk> a <unk> swimming in swims see pool 
a swims in . near dog pool a a person 
paddling through water . is small a dog in pool the 
and dog the the is pool brown small in white . 
dog black barking a . 
leaning black a mouth while the open to its . dog has side 
a attempts a make flat black in . turn field a dog to 
black a field running mouth a its . open dog with across is grassy 
in field ran . dog the the 
while a . ball chasing to other kids is small a are kid two kick him about soccer 
. boys ball behind a in uniform 
soccer boys . playing 
in . three , ( in blue soccer boys play red , two one 
grass . three boys soccer young are the on playing 
camera his to water beside is photographer a holding an . orange barrier next 
a <unk> in photographer water kneeling falling is railing front a is that of into . 
down a his next . to dock camera kneels photographer of with the edge a 
smiling a photographer 
a large camera . holding is man crouching the 
. shirt in and blue beard that something at looks is a holding a he man 
his looking with . camera a a man bread at 
with . examining is is with beard camera a a long and a man background man a another the white black in shirt 
his <unk> camera . an man old 
his man a younger singing camera nearby is is man examining an old while . 
a a towards camera . dog black running 
dog the grass black along a . runs 
dog a runs the dog and grass a on . brown to near black white 
black grass . through runs a the dry dog 
toward walks camera while background the coming in two . one the , dogs one 
. yard in girl the in purple dances tutu a a 
skirt purple a in little a . a park in girl dances puffy 
. her a skirt girl young fluffy purple <unk> 
skirt on is the girl spinning grass around purple . flowing little in a 
on a purple has little the dress . girl 
legs wide his is some dog spread standing black on a with sand apart 
plays beach dog on a a . 
the dog . beach on a plays 
dog <unk> . an 
black brown apart . the and on standing beach with dog legs its the is 
the boy on pushing boy a is swings . another 
boy swing on . set boy pushes another a a 
pushes child is near . equipment that a swing a sitting in playground another 
is a one boy . boy swing another on pushing 
on swing in pushes another a playground one . child a 
football and is holding a a . with wearing shirt no man sunglasses 
a man football . on no is a shirt with holding 
shirtless a catches football man a 
playing . a man a shirtless football on lawn 
young man . football wearing holding and is sunglasses shorts a topless a 
down steps . white bounding white black and is dog a 
steps running a dog . down is black and white some white 
. jumping some small dog hurdles a 
tri-colored over obstacles is a . jumping dog 
. on hurdles sits dog 
shorts stretching black in man leg his . a out is 
practicing a kick near a the high . man grass on cement the 
wearing <unk> air a in a the man . does high short right young kick , 
in the practices martial his a a kicking art morning man . <unk> home young <unk> in of front 
shirt clothing young kicking . as wearing his man is water no shorts from and high flies a 
are black a gate clothes white towards in couple walking . a 
. walk near a a dressed wooded gate man black woman in area a a and towards 
arms with away and other each their a walk a woman . man around 
arms with each . black other man woman and walk around wearing 
leaving dressed two black in . are people 
with baby is in a . a bucket playing <unk> a 
and dirt in bucket a the playing a . with shovel baby 
the sand in . a blonde baby playing 
a a shovel diaper a and toddler in a <unk> toys . in near other is playing sand 
in a plays shirt and . baby in dirt diaper the the cute 
a <unk> in an . crowd shirt clown a orange 
a in orange a and tie girl shirt stripe a 
stands while . look orange others shirt a clown in makeup girl and park a in on 
outside dressed a the woman others clown for is . performing as 
peers among young the to a <unk> be . her appears lady 
beer in guy . a pink fat drinking , 
a shorts and sitting a in large . shirt a person white at table 
person drinking . an overweight 
at table . drinking beer a sits person outside a 
beer at wearing with . a top white a sits tank a person a table 
jean shorts female in . sitting a blue a in black and top chair wicker a 
newspaper a girl . in a cafe with a 
happy tank black is woman wicker in a chair sitting a a wearing . top 
in a shirt chair a . her black on is woman in feet sitting a wooden 
. a and woman smiling in chair at the a sitting camera 
over jump small . dog a a jumps 
bar obstacle green a dog . over is white small jumping a red and 
course dog through obstacle runs an a . white 
over . the is dog white jumping hurdles 
green . is red leaping an obstacle white dog and the over fence on course a 
street <unk> a <unk> umbrella under on sitting <unk> the , . a side woman is of a a blanket on 
against man umbrella with a . a leaning an wall 
be table the pooh appears a cover the on a woman sits on to that of homeless . street a <unk> side 
umbrella . on the sitting street man is a purple outside under the 
umbrella the sheet and a person is purple on a the holding sitting <unk> . pooh 
while on bicycle is a ledge water . boy in the rides boy the fountain another fountain of a 
tries railing outdoor . trick an fountain of on the to a bike a do man on a 
shirt one on a hat wearing man fountain wheel ledge blue a a and jumping on 
one park . on a balances a young city bike the in a man edge a wheel fountain of on 
. does jump on a the bike near water a guy fountain his 
man meal in to for pull ready chair sit a sunglasses . down his out a gets to 
wearing stands sunglasses by cafe . man a at a table a 
at sit pull man restaurant down out about to a chair and . 
ready getting to sit . down <unk> man at 
grabs a . seat at large the man restaurant a 
female shirt backpack glasses a brown and , a a , with . 
a a young <unk> brown happy and girl in backpack t-shirt white a 
smiles woman and a brown a shirt the wearing glasses for . camera 
girl with and is . there glasses young green a <unk> backpack a hair with 
brown with a , backpack . shirt , glasses lady and young 
a crossing family bridge a 
crossing baby dog bridge . a strollers in area and rural with women 
a . bridge on strollers people walking with 
dogs bridge the and couple the the across followed wood the . strollers pushed 
two down baby <unk> the as strollers are dogs . pushing run 
are little . in dogs playing white the snow two 
playing snow . two the in are little outside dogs white 
white snowy two one running dogs . in another are grass alongside 
dogs two white the snow . running in 
run snow two through <unk> white a with dogs . 
woman cellphone silver . a is in <unk> walking a a holding 
down the in black a shirt walking woman street a 
in woman among . a black walks city shirt a a a wearing crowd 
brunette woman through . crowd blurred walking black in 
in large from and walking people the group a sun lady of . <unk> 
it jumps hose dog with pool a squirted a as a being . into paddling is 
a jumps kiddie is it a dog . pool into as <unk> 
jumping hose a . is pool terrier a in sprayed by while a 
a jumps from a through a runs plastic white into pool dog a with blue . hose black wading patches spray 
while dog while sprayed spot pool outside a white into a swimming black is white , another a dog back the pool its one getting with . hose garden plastic jumping on by is 
. no spectators acrobatic for <unk> with shirts perform 
<unk> . over <unk> another a jumps 
in men perform <unk> and jack two hats union bowler . underwear 
of front a clad crowd acrobatic men scantily performing moves two in 
two and hats street and . are trunks wearing men crowded bowler a in blue performing red 
a . young a a suburban yard jumping on in are boy girl trampoline and 
trampoline in air arms on a with a on jumping a a boy bouncing . in is girl stomach while blue , is his shirt her the 
a a girl on stomach high toddler falls a teenager jumps his and . trampoline on 
and a toddler jumping a . on trampoline teenage a girl 
. two jump a trampoline on children 
a . indian girl paperwork goes with hand her <unk> on and clothing through on 
woman a paper wearing holds piece of jewelry down looks a . and 
shirt and lot wears . a colorful of woman jewelry a a 
white in on a necklace lady hand the the has . her multi-colored in a shirt object 
the her a . of left <unk> in woman hand paper a tattoo with holds piece 
looking magazines a on short rack a of at sidewalk the . wearing skirt a girl 
a jeans magazine t-shirt a street on woman skirt display . looking and at the in a 
stand woman the the <unk> magazine is . 
magazines rows at woman the stands of looking . 
denim magazines and . black at woman skirt display with on t-shirt looks 
a at in the a shawl camera <unk> red looks 
city . walks a <unk> a down street 
the of a on in camera . the a orange a looks older <unk> into man city sidewalk 
urban man in , area wearing orange older robes asian . 
with in old standing tattoos . on street city <unk> on orange a his chest 
laughing little swimsuits in girls are 
a another while a at points on an suit girl laughs yellow orange bathing in a in looks girl and . girls suit 
another bathing child laughing girl orange bathing and in bottoms at in suit looks girl pointing on while 
wearing in girl at by whilst being watched girl girl laughing in the yellow the . orange the blue is 
building outside having in children <unk> near fun a three . white are 
a girl wearing pink colorful is . body spinning a a top ribbon around bright her 
jean ribbon girl shirt and little in pink wand playing a a . with a a skirt outside is 
twirling pink the ribbon in girl the shirt is a . 
long is the , colorful twirling . girl <unk> 
girl young playing <unk> . with 
in fountain plays boy young a water the . 
a running young boy water a through fountain 
are playing in . boys two a sprinkler 
two a play fountain boys in park . 
two a sprinkler through children run . 
boy in water a with inflatable being is an splashed . pool 
inflatable . an little is splashing a in boy pool 
splashing a a . inflatable boy in pool blue little 
child water small splashed is by a an being . from pool inflatable 
water boy . the splashed the 
in sign love i with saying a . <unk> pacifier a you baby 
little throwing with and pacifier sign hand his has a his . in a up boy a mouth 
up his hand boy of little in with the fashioned a standing air front fence an is . in old 
brown his little a sucking . air boy a a is pacifier hand with t-shirt on wearing in the 
child signs giving heavy metal a is small 
of front wall boys mug brick for the in . a camera four 
camera boys the pose for . four 
boys with a four picture for <unk> <unk> posing 
with stand arms boys <unk> together their . to <unk> their show four 
the <unk> for boys . camera young four 
of coming dog blue a tunnel a white . out 
blue white . out long a outside of tube runs dog a 
white tube a large through a dog blue runs . 
of blue white out coming is tunnel a the . small dog 
course the emerges . on white tunnel the from dog the 
to dog next a a . black ball lays 
. brown a colorful ball with a in grass sitting black dog 
brown a black dog colourful laying . and ball a to next 
with in takes a playing from the a doberman . <unk> hay ball his break 
rests after the playing dog . catch 
a a . swimming wand large holding it near waves pool foam boy a 
a boy <unk> by plays a with toy a pool . foam 
by a with <unk> boy a . the pool plays 
water . child a with <unk> a 
is wearing holding a a little . blue yellow shorts boy pool <unk> a over 
girl and roller a riding a coaster boy 
an a at children ride park on amusement . 
children ride on fairground sitting are the smiling whist a . 
on carnival children swing a around ride two . 
having at coaster a kids fun roller little two 
walk of . people neighborhood group street young a in <unk> a down residential the 
four the street trees background down looking a people <unk> walking in with 
stand people dressed . black four together in clothing outside 
. walking are in clothes teenagers four neighborhood in a <unk> 
and street the . down two guys walking girls two 
the jump an performs high . athlete 
vault athlete the pole woman . herself bar <unk> a over a during 
black <unk> a . pole is is woman 
upside a . vault the <unk> woman attempts as she pole down 
air the pole her to <unk> about a woman do with feet in 
and on two children in a . man a the boat water 
a jackets . and man life two on lake a in in children boat a 
a . two with , rowboat in children back a man paddling 
on a boat kids . and two the on lake man 
he while male they canoe wearing two sitting jackets children life an are older . in the face paddles 
in an under . grass a the are group of laying umbrella people 
group sunshade sitting clearing a grassy in woodland under . a of are a people 
under . of <unk> an umbrella a group sit 
a field in group a umbrella of , young of bikinis and flowers some grass sit under striped women a . in wild adult 
woman . group meadow <unk> of a is young 
in the females sidewalk skirts on walking . two 
purses with the woman street walk white . two down city 
city in . women walk street down a skirts two 
the . sidewalk walking two on women 
a skirts women heels down wearing sidewalk two . walking and 
woman a black . on brick cellphone crouching dress front of a in talking a in a wall 
against wall . a black <unk> while crouches a woman a making in all phone 
brick . on wall the next a to phone a woman 
speaking . , her the brick against crouches woman a cellphone wall on 
. wall talking woman front in brick pink on cellphone of a 
up writing sunglasses a bike on man against pad is a <unk> him with his . in 
of is outside sitting writing a paper man on pad . a something 
on <unk> and , plastic . to a man a writes a next a board bicycle 
in sitting are whose is while a man paint writing down . clothes something outside a area busy covered in 
writes a while . a man <unk> to bike a a sitting next <unk> and 
with man a bearded mohawk and a . skull bandanna 
looks . pierced with off on the man next a <unk> ears into distance his and a 
a a . ear with man a shirt black is wearing pierced 
with neck <unk> a a wearing around bandanna . haircut and man his beard a 
black white man his scarf around neck a has . the and 
couple large outdoors holding hands very a mirror next are a to . 
couple mirror large in to a the with stands a . backs their street 
a holding of near . a hand a street wearing man red girl shirt the a 
red a a a with and outside holding hands wearing white shirt in sunglasses woman . a shirt man is 
shirt in in in man red and of a stand mirror white woman a a front . a 
hurdle dog a and white black over . jumps a 
jump a high jumping poles at . over dog show 
dog jumps obstacle . a an over outside 
gate small dog jumps striped over a a . 
small a a . leaps dog barrier 
<unk> a dog <unk> <unk> a 
act a at . performing dog show dog is 
obstacle dog . around to an a its follow course tries hairy owner 
an dog shaggy a is . obstacle , doing brown 
dog passes . through obstacles 
and which holding a surfboard standing girl stands behind on a is . man a 
a little an <unk> surf instructor . with to girl 
girl helps get a turquoise surfboard a man a on . up 
a young surfboard . riding girl a 
on two surfboard the water a people in 
a in mouth grass with stick brown dog the across a . running is its 
with to is its is a next lake a a which path garden mouth on on stream a or a . walking open dog 
a is of a . <unk> fetch pitbull game stick during a 
a a with pitbull playing stick 
mouth with dog a running in field a stick . through brown its 
to blue the wearing splashing bird is the swimming next . a in water collar dog the 
dog the in a bird . chases water a 
a swims while a slightly dog , in a duck . body water of flight black takes ahead , 
together water dog bird in and . 
swimming about to the the retriever is goose . is get out who to away 
a of skating in people ice group are a big . city 
skating ice many with an park , in winter . people 
skating of people an . outdoor full ice rink 
rink an skate in ice skating urban outdoor people 
rink people . ice using an outdoor skating 
a skating a rail is man on . 
a slides . rollerblades a wearing along handrail person 
a rail grabbing foot . rollerblader grinding and a one 
a grinds across . rollerblader rail a 
and grass boy right rail on . foot black green above standing left shirt black on metal pavement one in on on 
tan in a at right dirt dirty rolling the looking and dog . camera the 
on lies dog ground a . the 
on ground dog a the rolls . 
in with collar and rolling dirt black dog dried leaves 
. is the dog in around rolling dirt brown the 
park on a mountain of , a a in front trail lake woman and . man pose , and distant 
mountain woman posing a for a . hike man a and picture on 
wide man arms a with woman his holds a open while standing . 
poses arms without with a man . shirt his to woman spread a next a 
hiking man poses . in park shirtless girl a a with a 
standing desk a is front reception . jeans in a in man of 
at front a standing " a with to shirt says man the <unk> is area camera desk his that wearing back " a . 
" to " a . at talking <unk> wearing a someone the says counter stands t-shirt that man 
at " <unk> a shirt . a " man in a reception young desk 
front desk . gets wearing shirt <unk> man at <unk> 
girl swimming . pool enjoys a the 
pool girl a to a suit about bathing an into young . is splash in orange 
red girl suit a pool bathing . a in young is in swimming a 
in swims in pool . girl orange suit 
is girl the pool in swimming the . 
white running . is water and black through dog a shallow 
and a water . dog runs white black through the 
through and white black . running water dog 
white the through and dog black . water the is running 
beach on this is through water a running dog . 
from a get white player blue jersey black to a a and yellow jersey ball a a in man and is leaping in . 
looking a . a sport people playing with on referee 
men in . the are jumping the air 
trying to catch three players rugby ball the 
the two the into . men are air football to jumping catch 
five . play men football 
playing rugby men five . young 
ball the <unk> run to two him team the jumps two for and jersey . the other players the as white help from amidst his player wearing black 
grab in in <unk> to the air men the three <unk> ball the . an 
. trying catch a players all ball three to rugby 
runner rain a race the <unk> in participates in . a 
down rain in a the red . vest a heavy jogs a in woman street 
in rain is drenched getting in red runner a the . woman 
wearing through vest rain a woman . runs race a the red a 
the rain in jogging woman . 
. overlooking tunnel sitting is a a woman a flower near bed 
bench two adults . a sit on 
. two flowers guys and by water sit some 
bench . a people on two 
bench people a . park on a at two sit 
a and with bare mohawk glasses a . , man beard <unk> 
<unk> a a and large rings with two man . mohawk 
with . an older <unk> man stands his <unk> shirtless 
tattoos , and glasses arms on style man chest dark on hair <unk> . and a punk with 
wearing the a is . <unk> with shaved and sunglasses <unk> man head 
a boy through wearing woodland . a t-shirt is red running 
runs some trees near . a child 
young boy dancing is a . around 
jeans with short red young and runs . sleeved trees some by a boy a shirt 
. stops smile little for the the red shirt camera boy to in the 
a and white dog running with . its open mouth is brown 
through running . <unk> brown white the grass a dog and 
running dog in a yard brown fenced fast a . white and 
dog a and white brown on running . grass 
pitbull running with white the brown grass open and . its a mouth in 
dog in and black running a splashing brown water and . the is 
walks a in large a the body brown of of and water dog black <unk> . 
water dog black a . running through 
black through water wading dog . a 
in running surf . the dog is the 
a ball players of . group soccer after a 
between team red and team game soccer the the a . blue 
progress game soccer is in . a 
blue and with game . soccer teams in red 
a on field players a two of game playing soccer teams 
basketball guy a a on court skateboarding 
a in jumps man his skateboard a on the . while stunt air performing 
a <unk> . skateboarder 
skateboarding stunt beard with doing man 
his in . pants gray <unk> on jump is skateboard the a guy 
dog ball a to behind a brown lake is horse and dog an next the . passes is whilst , drinking black looking in orange and at a rider that white 
background a the dog and dog in with near on a and water man a horseback white brown black 
dogs and water the basketball in a a on person with . horseback 
basketball . next a to dogs two water deflated are near playing 
, on dogs a horse stand surrounded and . water person deflated on a by a two sand basketball 
is soccer ball onto the black biting dog . a ground on a dirt 
. soccer walking in black in mouth dirt his dog has ball a a 
on small . area in dog soccer a covered ball walking mouth dirt a a its with 
ball dog its in mouth old holding black soccer an 
its dirt dog a walking the soccer with in ball . the is through black mouth 
a in a boogie with . ocean the board plays boy 
surf excited boy playing with the an board a body . in 
young wearing and smiling a in . down suit the a holding water boy ocean laying a surfboard bathing is 
a in boogie boy water young his holds shallow . board ocean 
boy body blue . with a board a young 
boy . wading through is a water 
in boy knees . water up his a to 
. through water , walks shorts the boy wearing white a 
white water swim . with boy young of trunks walks a out the 
wading the through blue . is ocean the boy 
band playing underneath . is white a canopy a music 
stage a an at outdoor band performs . on 
. a onstage performs band 
. band event outdoor at performs 
stage instruments gather . to play musicians people upon hear a various 
a is some . beagle grey climbing stairs through 
a to between gray dog attempts . steps <unk> two 
head grey sticking . his under stairs dog a out from some 
between crawling in steps from behind steps dog the 
the hiding under . dog stairs 
dogs play a . in wooded <unk> white area and two brown clearing a of 
fight two ground dogs the brown leafy on . 
. playing a <unk> dogs rough brown in two 
collars brown wearing two dogs fighting . 
are . in two each dogs other biting the woods 
<unk> a a dress a off fancy way tan to run show . coat model 
<unk> woman <unk> taking large off <unk> dress a a a 
a dress black woman white wearing and pink , a red , 
red scarf a woman a holds white gown and a long wearing . her behind 
black waving woman cape and in dress gold white red a , 
rink . little in little girls two boy roller background in , skating 
rollerskating are on a . three children skating rink 
one boy and children skates girls on in orange wearing three skates . boy arena an wheeled , two is 
young people three a rink skating skating in 
two and rollerskating . boy a girls 
playing man pool a with and a dog . white in a is brown 
in are pool man a . and together a dog a 
and are . splashing pool dog a in swimming a man 
is man a that the behind dog the swimming is in . standing pool 
brown small to a the a through and pool swimming . next man white dog 
grass walking of dog . field a in group a a black sheep of follows 
<unk> path black a is a sheep along . grassy guiding 
down a a chasing dog <unk> road sheep 
path <unk> a grassy herding . sheep down is a 
herd black . a grassy down following lane sheep dog a of 
water hair . girl a of her out is the shaking 
hair girl , a long wet her in lake swings . a 
water in lake hair a from <unk> her a girl 
in shaking . everywhere water to woman a a <unk> hair spray is a river her 
the splashes . in a water woman 
harness grassy a in and a through black . running blue field a white dog 
grass white through runs a dog and black . 
dog a through walks a with white and collar black grass . blue the 
the a black and grass . runs with white blue through a dog halter 
collar . green a black through grass runs with a dog the blue 
a toy . <unk> hold four boys guns under while 
the on platform . forest three boys a in 
guns play three boys . toy with 
. are guns in three children the woods shooting 
wood . structure outside children play in three an 
outside sit an <unk> an open gate their few . a with area eat men of 
ground on sit , a gated outside a <unk> , to people of the backs wall . a group 
building several a . men sit outside 
sitting . <unk> orange blue are three an building with men near 
men building three . a behind sitting 
and younger a girl a an older barefoot puddle playing girl in 
in water are two girls shoes shallow without standing . 
of a water in shorts puddle . girls denim stand in two 
in girls stand two a puddle . on a sidewalk 
girls a two walking sidewalk on wet 
and powder child white covered in floor a . 
over covered is boy powder white in that floor corner in the a all him and . is a the little 
a little all face to . over and his with feet next mess boy door stands a a 
room making caught of mess his a . is a young boy 
a covered child . powder young white with 
with runs a a the background beige in through tree the . tall dog grass 
on a field big and dog weeds with a runs tan filled . grass 
is . grass running tall through a dog 
tall through running . grass dog a 
with field ears and a floppy . in blond dog a hair running 
ball field a . dog with a in blue a running 
the in with running tan on mouth ball a small a his dog grass 
its mouth dog ball with towards in running . a camera 
in small grass the its toy with dog running a in mouth 
a running dog is . with ball the colorful 
an in . group of gallery a men art 
it a on front in sits . pictures wall with a of art man 
sitting art men standing of and group in an . gallery 
hanging . people out in gallery are an art 
are gallery and others people in next a some wall standing sitting to are . art <unk> an 
a brown on two a platform . boys at wearing tug shirts rope wooden 
glasses and hair on and stand table two fight a with . boys red 
sticks on redheaded brown . shirts boys are two a in table fighting stand with and 
bench , with with redheaded glasses two play sticks stand boys . on <unk> 
sticks <unk> boys <unk> twin with two 
a a butterfly girl brown 's on perched hand 
in a hat hand resting . on has a her girl strange a colorful creature 
hat on insect sort girl a of some a . has her in finger 
hand a butterfly her a has a in hat <unk> girl tie . on 
and has in looking hand strange on a . a her a girl yellow tie dyed , hat blue green <unk> 
is dog grey a little jumping over . fence a 
hurdle a small over little dog grey a jumps . 
at test grey an agility jumps . little bar over a a dog 
field grassy obstacle small a in a an . dog jumping 
an obstacle over small dog jumping a . 
lone high a mountain man . snowy a climbing on 
a . on man a is glacier standing top of 
man on standing mountainside a . in snow a 
the in mountain climber posing snow a . 
up a day mountain walking a a snow person on bright covered . 
grassy front . of on mountains man field in on a a horseback 
tall in a . horse person <unk> front on in a a of mountains brown 
riding a person with in a far a range mountain background the . horse 
range in a a a mountain front of rider horse on 
distant . the mountains rider in on middle plain horse brown of 
of group bicyclists a . a in race 
in bicycle a . people group race of a 
a racetrack a bicycles on of around a group curve ride . people 
helmets riding gear cyclists group of in with . 
race . on track men bicycles on 
a . in girl green down slide all blue slides a 
slide . kid green a is down sliding a 
a . little pigtails slide green down girl sliding with 
slide girl young the the . enjoys 
girl . is fun a slide having blue on young the in 
mouth in stick with two brown dogs its one a 
. are long through side side two running by grass dogs 
brown grass two and through black large dogs . tall run the 
bound dogs two through large a . field 
tall grass dogs through run tall . two black 
woman hat blonde wearing a a . 
. a flag is beret with a american wearing red-haired woman black <unk> the 
the <unk> looks an and at a on american with flag it hat black woman camera . wears a 
a cap woman wearing the american black , , flag blonde <unk> is . 
the on flag an a black hat american with is wearing woman . it 
into ocean a swimsuit walks the . blue girl a in 
a running surf . into woman 
into the waves a walking . woman 
gray girl through the ocean . wading is 
going blue suit woman water the in into bathing 
catches a a field a baseball during game frisbee at . dog a 
watch frisbee a many , in while to dog catch . a people the air jumps 
shorts a look in red holding a person frisbee . spectators is on shirts while in member and team 
crowd in play front dog of and . using a group baseball is a <unk> stadium a players to of woman a with 
dog crowd watches frisbee . and as woman tricks in do stadium baseball 
shirt wearing a is while . in blue a camera a staring the cup male at hand holding 
a a beard and in mohawk . short man 
man a " " and shirt the saying a with mohawk a faces <unk> camera 
. a holding is mohawk cup man with a a 
a with man smiles a at mohawk . camera the 
outdoors around . dogs walk of a group 
<unk> are two cement dirt down in with , several path the running and . brown a lead dogs 
dogs are the with running several , two vehicles in background outside . 
dirt . through several dogs are running the 
<unk> jump two from concrete a the grass puppies . onto 
. snow <unk> dogs 
be these , appear . dogs <unk> in to snow outdoors the 
, barking three dogs <unk> 
in dogs the two with . with snow three of open mouths the dogs standing 
together dogs husky are <unk> two 
in . a frisbee with his in brown midair dog a mouth 
. frisbee catching brown midair a is a dog in 
a caught brown frisbee jumped into dog air and the a . 
black its . brown large dog a frisbee a white in jumps mouth air and in holding the 
frisbee . the catch dog leaps to the 
man with water white . a 's mouth a squirting gun is a into dog squirt 
man . a the into spraying of <unk> dog mouth a <unk> a 
gun water squirts a a . 's dog into man mouth young water a from 
in squirts gun man dogs mouth water 
into man shooting gun the the the young water water is mouth . dogs with white 
the watch black . dog leaping background air as two people through and white in the a 
's by . the runs a dog speed is while dog a man <unk> 
blue and <unk> dog a people running a black while is watch . course small white through 
<unk> through on woman while boy flies air a dog look . an the wet and 
two runs microphone fenced blue . through a and watch holding as dog person a course a <unk> children towards a 
a is boy glasses asian . wearing chubby 
and with a the mohawk boy chubby glasses with look plain . at a staring looking a camera 
serious glasses with boy a blue shirt . and looking a poses 
. and child polo glasses shirt black with blue a 
tan with staring at . and <unk> camera a glasses the is there child 
. blue wearing player player blocking girl is yellow girl wearing basketball a another 
a one person on gather jumps basketball for of the group as . ball court people a 
game . during the jumping a ball for players basketball up 
are basketball . playing girls 
on court teams two of playing basketball outside players a . 
rocks standing overlooking is of top man on ocean a . the 
a arms man in ledge <unk> rocky the front with his . of on a out ocean 
rocky atop cliff a over man the . stands water a 
the of edge standing . near rocks man ocean on an 
the man rocks top on ocean jagged . of standing near 
three under scuba sea . people the dive 
diving scuba . individuals underwater two 
in people are lots water bubbles with two diving . scuba of blue 
the two ocean . in blue diving are people scuba 
are diving two scuba <unk> underwater . 
a gear in <unk> large holding man a camera . 
red camera holds . coat and hat black wearing a man a a 
with a a . camera man 
of stands with mountain . in front a man scene gear of a a camera lot 
mountain is with gear photographer . a hand in standing a on 
on . floor leaves forest splashes the car a through mud and 
off through drive <unk> splashing wheel trail . on road four a car an is 
road a a in . the <unk> drives van fall down large 
in large a forest driving . suv through the puddle large 
in a water splashing suv . muddy forest 
off skateboard plank boy metal a . does a a trick 
. is a guy skateboarding with shirt on no 
skateboard in young . on a air man a jumps the 
. skateboarder a on rail 
a trick . does skater rail on a 
black is a her wall on a . nails sitting blonde jeans examining in woman 
harbor bridge jeans in railing on a woman a a in the of sits the black . background with 
a finger with nails on a her purse ledge . looking a sitting young woman black at 
girl sitting on looking nails at wall her 
the sitting girl is purse has and a the a of . ledge on black side 
an carrying is a a asian very dress cup girl . colorful wearing plastic 
a an plastic from woman mug asian drinking . 
while <unk> holding other in dress a the hand with is a . multi-colored cup a plastic woman 
makes young an wearing dress <unk> a woman hand a . sign 
a woman on holding , is . head has sunglasses the of top her mug and the 
<unk> children playing around a 
city street a four are pole . dancing children in around a 
. playing a around children four pole 
pole and children red top running on white strips with four . a around 
little running kids of around . pole a game a play 
has it ball is a and a a that playing dog <unk> . black with in white 
dog with playing broken volleyball a and black white a 
. white ball field black brown a in <unk> a playing a and with dog white 
a plays white dog a with in volleyball field brown and black <unk> . a 
in playing with up ball field dog dried 
. running little white sand dog through a the 
the a . <unk> across runs <unk> terrier dirt 
sand running dog a white on . 
. beach a dog white the runs on 
sand on white . dog runs the a 
on off bus <unk> man . a the large 
sleeping says <unk> . bus a <unk> on is a " with a man black shirt " that 
hat " and t-shirt <unk> sleeping <unk> with man transportation on " . public wearing 
on . sitting the and sleeping man heavy bus a is 
seated on t-shirt a baseball wearing and . one people a cap , are , bus three 
playing . the floor on two <unk> 
playing and . two wrestling are each dogs other with 
carpet on are together a two white playing dogs . near couch 
. dogs two on carpet playing 
dogs two . wrestle 
dogs playing 
and white on tan dog a dog <unk> . the biting a is brown 
the . with dogs hold of a the has dog its brown teeth cheek other 
are nose two to . <unk> other dogs each nose 
carpet at the two each on bite . other dogs 
boy water over jumping some a . 
. boy a wearing some in swimming trunks water a jumps sprinkler backyard over 
a of little a water in jumps spray into . glasses boy 
young mist jumping boy through water of a . a 
in sprinkler young . boy with glasses the playing 
. a group street women night at a walk down of 
three a for evening big city women . out the in 
a by lit . pass two in street tree boys neon a girls two 
two city . at walk street down women night a 
night walking neon lights . are at women under 
sunglasses a reflective showing and . gentleman smiling his 
. a reflective wearing sunglasses in man crowd a 
offers sunglasses his man teeth wearing all a big ! showing a smile reflective 
a smiles . sunglasses head and with man a <unk> shaved 
man smiling <unk> . reflective with 
using metal giant huge is bubble boy . a blow to trying a ring a 
blowing large bubble a man . a 
glasses haired boy bubble a blowing red wearing huge a 
a bubble shirt blue is wearing the blowing . huge a boy 
. blue <unk> bubble a young large shirt man through in 
lake girl a orange jumps an a into raft . from 
jumps of a off raft . a girl 
jumping into water girl . from a raft 
off raft a a girl jumping lake . into 
into the young falls the as she lake . girl airborne is 
two by bag carrying passes man . telephone a a booths 
two past boxes carrying telephone orange walks bag british style an a man . 
booth ring ring " , walks that says telephone a man by . " a red 
. booths telephone a by walks man red 
. booths a telephone red man bag walks an shopping by with older two 
a hurdle over collie a . jumps 
competition a a in . dog hurdle a over jumps 
hurdle . a a dog over jumping 
. jumps a dog a barrier over 
furry over . a jumping is dog a hurdle 
looks straight . wearing a boy sunglasses ahead 
a mohawk and a . with sunglasses boy 
wearing sunglasses . with mohawk a a child dark is 
up wearing set his glasses young boy to stand . has hair a 
head . glasses the focus in with child dark of a is 
in and man shirts smiling glasses . a woman dark and a white 
sunglasses smile t-shirts the woman . camera and man wearing white and a for 
sunglasses man . are a woman in standing of and wearing a bushes front 
wearing . man sunglasses for woman picture and posing 
woman man by bushes picture for pose the the and some a . 
. play the two boys in the field 
. and a two cart boys 
cart pull boys two happily . 
a . two wagon boys pulling 
a behind them with a . <unk> field two grassy boys in walk smiling small 
carpet in sunlight and dog brown a white on relaxes a . 
rug . red and <unk> a white dog , on , blue a resting brown 
german window a sunny rug <unk> a short-haired rests by on a . 
dog on . and patch lines area sunlight a a small in red a of rug white brown 
carpet colorful a dog lying on . cast on shades light shadow window and a 
dog the from try dogs wrestle . to other away each black the 
two outside dogs playing there . <unk> are <unk> 
tug-of-war two playing . black dogs 
. a over playfully dogs two fight outside ball 
ball a , with . two are playing dogs large black <unk> 
bathing setting in arms jumps in boy . a in air suit blue the backyard a with a his 
in the kiddie boy is the little into . jumping a pool backyard 
in air slide boy water onto leaping . the a is little a 
a day slip . slide a plays on sunny boy and on his young outside 
swimming the trunks the boy playing in . is the yard in 
plays child in in suit a a . sprinkler a bathing 
sprinklers child . plays backyard a in 
suit <unk> child down a slip and shooting the with of slide in standing from waist a a on seen up bathing water 
a kid . in sprinkler a standing 
with yellow standing mat water spraying . sprinkler on child 
fenced dog in camera a . a near the runs uphill towards area 
a running . a up dog , back walking person large in with away white hill the a 
white as runs the dog camera . man a away walks a towards 
on . from the camera moving background man a running in dog ground toward away beige brown camera and 
the towards the running a man , dog tree along is . walks fence while the 
are of people bulls as a running . run a street and group watch others down 
people down cows street running and 
as of people people <unk> . <unk> <unk> watch the in 
chasing bulls the are the runners . 
the down with people of right a . the building bulls street are the behind them and them coming to 
yellow brunette and a sunglasses girl wearing shirt a 
a . girl smiles in sunglasses 
yellow . a smiles shirt sunglasses girl and a wearing 
girl wearing sunglasses for camera the smiles a . 
wears smiles sunglasses . shirt woman a a yellow and with 
motorcycle doing a on a guy tricks . 
a a nose wheelie motorcyclist does . 
a motorcycle . in suit person a a <unk> rides 
while men two . performing watch motorcyclist 
the driving rider their is . motorcycle 
a stands a a in white a . black motorbike and stunt doing on man uniform 
motorcycle bike on his of a top rider stands . 
his seat of on starts sand motorcycle a . the to white up rider motorcycle 
motorcycle the and a seat on black putting and someone is their feet . on white 
stunt this person a is on motorcycle . a doing 
a with award standing dog is front of a in other . ribbons on ribbon some black 
has yellow blue white to ribbon a and <unk> and brown dog teal him and him ribbons , . behind a 
with poses dog . brown ribbons a 
displays dog . in sits more of a that blue fireplace wearing a front a ribbons ribbon 
in small . brown standing a surrounded front dog <unk> by of fireplace a 
playing laughs play little in a while . a girl house 
a near plastic with girl little a . <unk> castle laughs play set 
set in playing <unk> . playground little girl a small a 
a in stands a little structure blonde play green toy and holds smiling girl . holds a 
structure plastic a smiling a play young in . girl 
shorts rock is large posing a short a in . on man 
background in sits rock the a with cliff . a man on trees 
a to for a picture . a pose sitting man huge on rock 
a rock trees man near on sitting a . 
man the a for camera . shorts on posing in up in sitting rock 
a lady a . holds beverage 
her brunette <unk> a an holds woman smiles beverage and of front in . 
woman drink holding smiling and a a . 
and smiles holds . a drink woman a 
a t-shirt a woman wearing is this . and white holding cup 
watches a in another a man shirt a wall climbing while man is white 
as a the . at up and camera on rock a he look looks others man climbs 
below scales steep as face rock . on man a look a people from 
as . a his is rock man with watch others climbing <unk> a finger on 
his the two with <unk> finger the middle man small rock climbing is . on a 
chases little a . the dog grass a big dog on 
is a a grass over black dog . smaller chasing brown dog 
is little dog the dog . chasing large the after brown brown 
grass the brown together dogs two run . through 
in dogs play grass the . two 
group a beach of . on girls a 
. there on with are three the beach talking cameras women 
standing a people cameras on with three talking beach 
them shadows stand their behind long beach with . woman on three a below 
women . beach on three the 
wearing blonde are love women two white i . beer shirts 
haired women beer and two clothing blond wear . love matching 
blond . shirts two " women outside love i beer walk " in 
woman wearing shirts similar walk to left two the . 
two much like women wear shirts <unk> they beer how 
war a a dog with are brown playing tug black dog a toy and . of 
a a brown . large dog dog black playing with large is tug-of-war 
and dog the . the green the in dog are brown black with sand harnesses 
with brown war tug play dogs two harnesses . of green 
dogs a with two toy play . 
. a a girl surf on in plays suit the bathing 
the of surf bikini a out a in girl . running 
girl in the is . a surf 
suit in . the bathing the at a beach plays waves a girl blue young wearing 
, this a leaving is , in . girl water bikini dressed the 
<unk> wears and tattoo says you <unk> a a sports " <unk> a . " girl large that 
, on a . tattoo wall walking her down woman blond concrete a <unk> on background street the arm with an in of the a 
on stands blond her wall arm near . with woman a tattoo a a 
black in on t-shirt girl looks 
tank the tattoo in her woman top on the has . arm a 
are two amusement . children an on the ride park 
tongue in shirt a his ride out is . the while sticking riding orange boy the young 
enjoy a park . ride an two at boys amusement 
two wide little open a game playing mouth with , . one boys his 
a little in two ride boys . ride fairground 
a group girls of a for smiling are posing . while picture 
smiling a . women group of 
other of a women each hugging group 
man group a them pose picture behind women as a a . for of guitar plays 
camera at sitting together women happily many smiling . the 
dog a in a catching . its mouth <unk> 
catching dog white his a mouth <unk> a in 
dog catching in a white his a treat . mouth 
a dog is white a for treat jumping 
white building in , with opens wide mouth , a . collar white a black its while a front dog of 
woman a <unk> jacket jean in a sunglasses and . 
in lady jacket denim a . sunglasses elderly an and 
sunglasses . an elderly is of posing front denim for bush picture in a wearing jacket green a and woman a 
an shirt woman and sunglasses and gray , , older earrings . wears hair blue necklace , a with jacket 
smiles woman in jacket a camera an for . the sunglasses jean and old 
metal a boy down . hangs bar from upside a 
. a pool horizontal a is jumping shirt over in a boy blue backwards 
from outside a child down . a metal hanging bar upside 
a boy upside young a . bar swinging from down 
over pole down the . child upside with his legs is hanging a 
black in grass . brown a a running the and dog 
are . a towards dog a and black brown camera dog running 
are other chasing grass each green dogs two . on 
run two a around . playing dogs field in 
dogs two running . 
dogs the water . two two playing are and in and at sand boys the seashore 
two dogs with beach boys the . are playing two on 
at boys shore two play with two the . dogs 
dogs the next with ocean to two play . two boys 
on the two . playing with guys are beach two dogs 
three of in airport people talking front an are 
people background the coats people in each other wearing three other with standing near 
three street people talking . a on city 
talk in adults upset people crowd a , young looks . of the woman three 
, street <unk> a outside people <unk> near young 
is with . girl walking mohawk a blue a 
while the to street a 's child . waiting holds woman blue a mohawk with cross a hand 
. shirt holding hand on little green boy a striped a with with of corner a blue woman a a the street mohawk 
blue woman mohawk is a a walking small child with . with a 
to woman left holding 's looks to the mohawk looking while toddler young a a the who with . a right hand is blue 
little up bottom the the of girl at ends slide a . 
the playground little a slide is just reaching a girl bottom of 
bottom at a a the slide of . little lands girl 
of . young slide bottom girl the reaches a a 
girl a young tan sliding a plastic slide down 
swimming boys three pool into . a leaping 
happy into boys hold bathing hands . blue they wearing swimming as outdoors jump pool three an suits 
hold three jump together and hands into . little a boys pool 
boys blue three the as jump into pool they hands young . hold 
three and trunks an hands hold swimming boys blue young . jump pool inground into in 
in is and grass . white a black the dog running 
a running black . across and the dog grass white away 
white green across black runs <unk> dog a and . brown grass and 
across field . sprints grassy a a dog 
. through running field and brown a white dog the is 
through his by points the towards boy , a held the as a . boy sky his into peers arm hands another man air 
. his second eyes and boy shirt a boy a in in and a white white <unk> up pointing is a blue shirt 
on a man shoulder a his . holding young boy 
one and trying pointing another sky sun the is block to to look child to is the 
distance air next into man . one the the has to hand who looks in his another 
player in a and stadium a a full <unk> football football . jumping 
the ball yellow in under whilst <unk> american <unk> white footballer . in catches the from the 
. football players before a football two huge crowd playing 
players . other two into football each run 
<unk> . two a men for football 
a dress along fence a . bike girl a her <unk> rides in pink white 
a sundress a <unk> in a white pink girl bike to fence rides a . next 
girl red fence of in bike white . her front a rides dress in a a 
. red a a a bike a <unk> rides girl white past fence sundress in 
a rides white yellow fence pink . a wearing near a bike girl 
a a blond child laying a is on branch in . a of field green tree 
climbing a large in is fallen and , limb meadow a . <unk> tree a shirt pants blue wearing outdoors grassy yellow boy 
wearing area pants a climbing and in blue a a tree a shirt yellow boy is hilly . 
a tree grassy blue pants . boy on wearing climbing shirt and is a branch a in field a yellow 
grassy tree boy in hills young a climbing . a 
in rain child woman with . an a the walk through and the umbrella pouring street 
a colorful with city in the in a who walks <unk> . a busy through pouring boy umbrella woman small rain carrying a an is 
in <unk> holding a boy in street umbrella to a a red a next rainy a woman 
child the a with rain . a woman walking in 
in and walk school child to rain . the the lady 
<unk> bleachers , and dog . blue in , a of woman a a with front baseball player 
to a blonde trick in haired frisbee with a is catch trying her dog is doing a the flying air . girl that 
crouches . dog jumping woman frisbee a a while nearby a for 
behind to a as runs . a frisbee in a a dog <unk> woman baseball player her uniform 
baseball her tricks girl . at park frisbee does dog the <unk> the with 
brown and white hind and a leg . dog on barks stands his 
trees dog . of some hind legs a in his brown the on shadow 
a the dog in woods . jumps 
wooded . area legs dog a while hind another on its a watches dog stands in 
a air . a catch jumping in to white dog is woods the in ball the 
black cone enjoys dog and . cream a ice 
in an ice black its has dog . cream a mouth cone 
sitting around black yellow . eating dog shoulders band while with neon 
collar the is a wearing green black lime . dog 
black a yellow . collar is the wearing dog furry neon 
nearby <unk> a someone looks at boy . 
shoes clothes pavement of . and dark sit warm group a people wearing on 
boots a the . of row with sitting legs boy and a row of end black at the 
on ground matching of wearing <unk> a people boots sitting row the . 
young on . the sidewalk waiting with others man is the 
squirted child squirting while a a gets water . gun 
a gun child . with a squirt 
water being with sprayed . a a child with gun water 
a and laughing is gun child water getting holding with . sprayed water a 
a spraying . is kid water there a gun 
the dog larger and run grass along . tan a white dog 
, running big two . are tan , brown grass in and dogs 
running on dogs two grass 
golden . grass <unk> running on the two dogs are 
dogs some in grass large running . two 
<unk> is sliding out into . base player a baseball second 
. baseball base a toward player a slides 
a base a into sliding grey in man a uniform 
baseball men playing three . 
the towards the defending two base . member <unk> as slide it batting are a team of 
are picture of taking girls the . a themselves 
picture blonde are girls of two themselves . a taking 
blonde smiling camera is while a two are to <unk> one image . their women holding 
themselves picture taking a two girls of 
picture with a young . camera are a two themselves taking girls of 
playing basketball four children . 
basketball plank deck playing on people four are a . outdoors 
beach playing . on four the near basketball people area wooden 
deck kids wood a basketball playing on . 
the children field shoot young baskets . in 
a dirt a drive wheel four vehicle . is track on driving 
pants top a <unk> sits girl of on a . camouflage wearing 
driven road of being roof jeep girl down on 
. on , , of blond yellow outdoors roof people woman two inside <unk> sits rural vehicle in 
while two . on lady top of a a people the drive sits jeep it 
of girl . picture taking a another park a is in girl a 
picture a taking . of is a park another in a girl girl 
in . takes a a park woman purple another picture a of in 
taking a girl her one of friend picture 
little in parking playing the two girls . lot 
a a hat a is sunglasses and man in . seen crowd among 
, an <unk> hat . , sunglasses a a shirt man wearing <unk> and 
a sunglasses a wearing crowd near hat a . and man 
. hat a sunglasses man and wears a 
wearing is . man a and brown hat a young sunglasses 
a climbing dirt steep . dog a hill 
a hill a . dog climbs 
hill great a climbing steep a <unk> 
dog a brown up . light running is 
dog . of climbing light a dirt a wall 
greyhound dogs . a dirt of a runs track group around 
race on taking a green lead with greyhounds track in . dog the the sandy 
curve run race . a dogs around 
the are . along the track dirt horses racing 
muzzled in greyhounds a turn three around a . race track 
a orange motorcycle racing . an man 
riding white and a orange an motorcycle man . 
races around a track motorcyclist . a 
. an being is on orange white motorcycle racetrack a and ridden 
driving . an along orange is motorbike someone pavement 
a from offers girl <unk> blond under umbrella with her a black hair . smile 
an posing . while umbrella holding lady a 
woman black . under a her umbrella in black smiles blonde young 
a umbrella head . black her holding blond a is woman shirt over black with 
woman . is black the haired holding umbrella a blonde 
cut a tail off a with with chubby . its dog bag puppy plays 
a dog with a plastic . bag wrestles 
the is dog plastic with small on a playing a . bag sidewalk 
bag a . plastic is a dog playing white with 
puppy top on bag of plastic . stands small 
yellow over jumps small . a beam dog a 
. bar a other is over yellow low nearby dog the with obstacles jumping 
yellow the dog across leaps the board . 
beam the . jumping low is furry a over dog small 
is terrier . a test in agility an performing the jump 
together park . in a posing friends of group a 
the picture on posing group a of a people for grass . 
with people sun . them the a a behind group for posing of picture 
people a field a for pose in young group of picture a 
pose countryside for . young their in the picture people 
item white mouth in holding some a plastic standing grass in a dog its black . 
black . of a dog toy is dog carrying high field a grass white a through 
a holding its a object is in dog teeth black . white 
toy a a black field his with dog . in a mouth white in grass of 
a a grassy a black in with white <unk> returns its <unk> mouth in retriever labrador field . 
spraying with who a the another window looks boy the is out window . boy at water 
child the at glass a hose glass looking . water a the child is squirting the onto through 
on side window of the who brother a at <unk> boy his a . other hose a is little 
one at window hose inside another water sprays a child who . behind glass is a 
of boy . window window side with is inside outside a boy little a a one standing another house while is on the squirting hose one 
track around in a the racing . curve dogs 
towards track on camera running a dogs . are greyhound 
muddy on running are horses . several race a a track 
<unk> greyhounds . for lead two muzzled the 
dog dogs . two in turn round a a track racing 
table a them behind man sits sits while couch broken . a a 
a a man . broken reads shirt a behind paper in a blue seat 
a reads room . alone <unk> in man 
shirt blue a in <unk> on with two . behind hand forehead man 
broken looking paperwork man a with in front over couch . 
belongings people water with . the is in a and their boat 
<unk> a with boat is brown and people . packed 
large small a a . people and <unk> of into boat packed group 
on lot canoe a . float a of and motorcycles men 
<unk> people a with boat in riding are . 
a blue is cyclist and <unk> leading a pack white of . cyclists 
bicyclists cycling column . down a road large is of a 
a through bicycle lean of . a racers road pack curve 
. during of taking bicyclists a race a pack a turn 
a a the coming cyclists road are around in competing race bend in . 
four water dogs splashing in the 
splashing the water . dogs brown and in are black three 
in are the three dogs brown water . 
brown . playing in dogs sea the are three 
three in dogs water playing . 
a posing the man for brown camera room . a in and a woman 
woman hugging in on short-haired apron a a a a man with black striped . shirt blond 
blond black man a in apron shirt poses . girl with a a in a striped 
standing woman man next waist arm around . with his her is to , a a 
woman to a with blonde is next standing hair with man . a glasses 
frisbee into a dog water a the chasing 
walking a in frisbee dog holding a water the . 
in through mouth object orange a dog its running an the with water . is 
dog playing the a water in 
water with running its mouth frisbee dog on a . in 
american . young african woman an with 2 girls 
with suit woman a two a in girls . little poses bathing 
holds in two her a woman swimming suit a <unk> young . 
wearing girls woman swimsuits a . and little two 
suits up girls swimming woman the in is the suit young swimming holding in two 
. a tank skateboarding in a boy top 
. skateboards street a the down boy 
skateboards street tank kid a the in a top striped down 
man wearing a skateboard a tank and top shorts . riding a 
shirt street a a black striped young white man on skateboarding wearing and a 
girl . holding a crowd a on a standing blond goat leash a in 
a sheep setting leash in a by fair girl busy a holding the 
a sheep girl in . in on a a holding to crowd leashed 
to a rope a in girl people a attached sheep of . crowd little holding a is 
sheep a holding attached girl a is yellow the leash to . young 
and face has . his all , baby food a plate boy over arms spread 
. a eating <unk> cake <unk> very is baby 
a mess with . a big cake makes baby 
. messy very eating a baby a cake 
young in blue with cake . blue is covered boy eyes a 
fountain in children a playing . outside 
the two water boys underwear the in street in play city in . 
water the boys two behind by . in sprinklers play the little left 
in city are plaza fountain . boys two in young a a playing 
play has boys the water . young on the two in street <unk> that 
over . leans a <unk> a child 
museum playing a child a water . 's with in children <unk> 
. multi-colored a child a fountain in plays 
. playing a hose child a little in with water 
with water tank a toys . playing in young a child is 
backs with wave an . against their incoming boys 
approaching hit to be four . boys by an are about wave 
. wave path a of sitting in people the four 
men . four a crashing wave beach young are sitting on under the 
three sitting sand getting in by splashed boys wave 
. a water playing hangs swing is a from over a girl tree that homemade on 
a water on swing is the . sitting <unk> a made above girl 
swing over a on girl a is swinging waves rope . 
a over on swinging tree girl waves a rope a crashing from . 
. a a breaking swings waves over tree girl on 
a shirt in water . a yellow the in girl plays 
others wearing in a . yellow girl water while watching are playing is a dress 
in splashes yellow pool in . little a a girl shallow dressed 
shirt a through park a a little busy in fountain a in runs girl yellow 
shirt side in wading and pool backpack in the with red <unk> young girl standing on 
performs skateboarder a front a a of trick . in building business 
large a on gray building the skateboarder on steps 
outside steps . skateboarders do tricks on of building 
in skateboarding office building an are two of boys front . 
skateboarding are . kids two 
into with parachute man the crashes a water his . 
the surface <unk> along lake splashes of . a a 
a hits from a splash body . a water parachute makes person their as hanging the 
. water a person the sliding across a in parachute 
<unk> the across is water . <unk> the 
. wearing muzzle a racing around corner is a a dog 
eyes dog running out dog in another runs a his front . <unk> with of 
. racing around greyhounds track dirt two are there a 
around corner a two the are greyhounds . racing 
are neck neck to race a at . horses two 
own tail chewing at a dog brown his 
dog around the is rolling grass a . on brown 
own at . rear a dog biting its 
rolls a in dog the . grass 
ground . rolling the dog on 
with and black dog stuffed toy a a . tan plays 
blue a . a dog plays and colored stuffed black with white animal 
doberman in a toy playing jumping a with air the 
a dog toy with . its playing 
toy dog playing and . blue a white black with 
of wheel man behind a car the a boy a and . 
a a on lap a truck his . drives while child and sits man steers 
on a man drives vehicle his a child with a lap . 
and boy man little driving . suv a large brown 
jeep small man of seat a with his a sitting <unk> in lap . boy there is on the a 
man street a crosswalk standing a . walks policeman toward a on in a city 
in city stands a . a in policeman crosswalk a 
<unk> traffic a street officer a police city . on 
people middle . of buildings city surrounded by large the in street 
standing the crossing policeman is man is the pedestrian shirt walking in . on the who the towards purple 
to . polo building next stands man a a blue bald in a shirt brick 
in a front shirt blue man standing a of building a in 
grass a between a lawn building man a stands sidewalk on and 
street the shirt dark bald blue nearly lawn empty waits an by man a glasses . a in on and 
man standing . on shirt in sidewalk the blue 
jump high how a <unk> man brown can his . bald dog black and 
grey holding stick up and to brown a out it jumps man is a black a catch in dog whilst . bald 
holds jumping stick a a . man a above dog 
get to stick medium a is jumping . sized dog a 
a holding while up to a dog man jumps it grab stick 
boy sit and man seat . the in driver a 
his while . a holds child truck lap on a a driving man 
of . <unk> little sits a jeep a boy man a with the seat in 
sits of vehicle on the wheel a a man of lap young the behind a . boy 
is the to in helping the <unk> lap driver and the boy sitting of 's car . 
baby a , blue in with watch dressed . a 
. wearing a watch a baby 
<unk> with a baby something about a is <unk> 
a in child . a wearing is a <unk> blue shirt 
young . in a child wearing is watch plays blue he a a outfit with 
in two a and little a red . girl bags blue holding hat <unk> dress white 
is little carrying . girl bags shopping red dress a in a 
two <unk> girl from shopping is little a bags . carrying 
red <unk> two bags toddler shopping in . a dress carries a 
black shopping large . girl two bags a is carrying young 
of a strange billboard two sides opposite on . guys sit 
sides benches on . men near on billboard a sit two opposite 
sides men a opposite . two of shelter an bus on sit in advertisement 
a two sitting stop opposite bus men on of sides 
advertisement on bus a stop . <unk> with wait enclosed two people an bench at 
by casual water a family <unk> the . 
little calm along walk man a beside . boardwalk girl woman , sea a a , and 
near child walking man and , . woman , water the 
man and pink a the of the little girl ahead in shirt woman walking of of is the side on the water body 
and small two ocean boardwalk . walk an adults along girl a 
couple the a while enjoying the patio on sitting of a water . is view 
a . patio overlooking a on sit the couple ocean 
the stone ocean by couple on sitting chairs overlooking wall a . 
ocean sitting chairs the adults in two overlooking 
that well <unk> stone sit of path a water overlooks a people on large body two . 
. man rock chair of sits near face in a a over of the a camping water a edge body 
man pole holding . sits a a in large chair while a 
, block a to rope sits folding of . on on ice on holding a a chair man big 
edge on chair sits of near cliff man fishing 
sitting hold to man . the a while the cliffs close edge air , the in pole 
in . family snow in walking clothing the a colorful 
through the group walking . of a middle people snow eastern 
family a walking is middle eastern 
walk five through <unk> people . snow the clothes wearing 
coverings snow are . in walking and head the clothes and three in a colorful man boy dressed women and 
man a lap 's on black . girl in a subway on a sitting 
girl a train on lap a sitting on 's a <unk> man 
on . public man transportation sit a woman together and 
on woman a lap <unk> on a transportation man . a 's public sitting is 
on with white subway and top camo with tank a dressed woman a a of man in jean and a . shorts black on the a a shirt sitting lap shorts ponytail 
. couple concert at a a kisses 
while kissing woman man . a show at a a and 
on a plays a <unk> and band a kiss woman while man 
crowd man in a . a kissing a woman 
are and the and woman . man kissing hugging near musicians performing 
woman down street and the a . walking man 
woman and with bags a walking man others a along in . carrying the background road 
a both carrying girls there of people book bags of and in are group they are the two . foreground shoulder 
an for concert one and at , <unk> two her outdoor in <unk> are something . is blue bag 
of <unk> <unk> <unk> a people . at two dressed people walk 
a . a tree with beer a hand against man in leans 
against drink while . a a holding man tree stands a 
tree man young a . drinks near a 
drinking young tree man from against . cup a a a stands 
. an is event man holding the at drink a 
sand dog jumps in a the brown . 
jumping pathway over of . skinny a on dog <unk> dirt brown a a grass is 
dog jumping bush the over beach a a . is on 
sandy a on near . a jumps dog another dog <unk> 
up as yellow jumps dog . it the sand kicks 
below water rock the jumps . a boy a to high from cliff 
in . trunks a man the in is red water below people the midair in above swim 
high a swim the a water trunks in . orange jumping wearing into from man rock 
red water . swimming jumped in trunks off rock the a a young into man large 
young . a a men into lake jumps rocks off 
ball black a tennis brown and . a with dog , on white playing and a house tan , deck and are white dog a 
ball a to try patio jumps yellow tennis . to on a dog catch a 
a with two playing dogs ball tennis 
two green deck a . dogs with a wooden play on ball 
a dogs to two tennis fluffy jumping . ball catch 
in through blue . plastic the man clothing <unk> bag <unk> a of a 
man a a digging . in and white bag is bending down 
down a woman to a bag reach bends . in plastic 
is reaching . man bag blue a white in into the the jacket 
man a the at . plastic the bag in <unk> <unk> the white is blue jacket through 
of front in woman smiles view ocean . a an 
beach scene woman a front and . standing of smiling in a 
scene posing . young in beach beautiful of front a woman a 
smiling with the background the ocean woman is glasses the in in 
a . on the of hill woman ocean in standing front 
a . a at little vehicle of wheel the steering boy 
small steering the a behind car wheel in a baby sitting 
<unk> car hand young , a drive boy on the his <unk> . the to with 
driver 's , grabbing steering little wheel boy the 's car in . sits seat 
car of sitting wheel child a steering . this behind small is the 
beach and white on sandy jumping a brown dog a 
forward dog with air brown ground on legs moving two two white the hind and and <unk> the . in a 
dog running takes sand a on . off the 
dog on legs two running 
of running dog is bushes the fallen . sand on white in front the 
tongue . a out shirt a her sticks in girl little pink 
her young showing purple a tongue girl 
girl out . sticking a young tongue her 
image broken 
displays a young colored . tongue blonde girl 
racing . greyhound a 
wearing on dog black and muzzled a greyhound track running . the yellow is 
curve dog <unk> 's in feet makes his around as race mud he a a way the . 
two kicked up . animals is run as sand 
two wet sandy on a dogs , . track 
bike jumping with in midair bicyclist his a 
other . is stand performing whilst by watch and a a cyclists jump cyclist 
trick bike . is on a a guy doing a 
while is on aerial other watch performing . an bike trick someone bikers a 
gets airborne the . the ramp bicyclist trick off 
backpack the woman photograph the a man a carrying the top of cliff standing taking of in swimsuit a . is on 
a of of woman cliff edge takes a a . a the on picture man 
the a the along hike bluff . takes couple 
are . cliff people a two the standing in on summer 
the of cliff top on a two people 
shore surf a big with fluffy runs the fur . black rocky dog of in a 
the a . black jumps through water dog 
water dog black . the a in splashes 
the . the the black in water on shore dog is 
is black water the through the running . dog 
a . boy tree trick a a gymnastic does under 
in tree of does <unk> a front . boy a touch a 
a air his . in feet touches in boy the brown his with hands nearly 
a boy <unk> in perform to leaping tree . a front of a 
a air jumping young his up into man <unk> the and . is touching 
some on climber rocks a . 
face rocky of the climbing . mountain a man a 
climbing rock . a man 
is a . person a mountainside with climbing jeans shirtless rocky 
climbing wall rock extreme 
who people seated mostly outdoors plays a , group near child a are . of 
a the of blond grass benches in is behind row around a little running boy 
a boy little running people is . group of towards a 
look runs boy . little others a a stage while at around 
child he behind people stands a small blue . smiles group a of as wearing 
. attempts <unk> a a enter to the child door house through 
child dog a . 's while a legs door squeezing through 
shorts sneakers child a . and gray through a <unk> wearing window crawls 
climbing headfirst child <unk> through is a sneakers a pink wearing window . 
small a kid through climbs . door a 
red . shirt standing boy sand a in white shorts a the and is in 
a girls a a beach boy while watch of . group along young runs 
a sand across boy sprints the . 
running is through red sand a boy a the shirt . wearing 
run boy is ground the on girl barefoot the watching . the blonde 
wearing shoes park jumps a swing pink a a off in girl 
a tire jumping blonde hair is off a girl swing with 
building swing young her girl a front in of off . jumps 
shirt a the jumped swing out . a of striped girl little 
. young jumping swing a girl off 
by on leash tree a is dog a a 
a on grass on dog <unk> a leash 
. a dog leash near a on tree a 
dog . white is <unk> whist by attached a brown and a to tree leash 
and to yellow outside a going brown bathroom the . dog is 
rock a in yellow man . on in mountains front of a jacket a standing 
mountainous . front area is in on man of a rock a a standing 
a top high man of a on mountain 
the with in mountain skies of a a a . on standing the mountains man ledge blue background 
coat man mountain a stands a wearing peak yellow . of at a the 
goggles a in . boy pool a plays in 
a . into a pool boy jumps 
he pool . into a the a makes boy as swimming leaps splash 
a a swimming jumps goggles pool . wearing blue into boy 
swimming boy blue pool . in 
a walking stick hat a on holding man . while a 
hat stick an a on balancing man a asian 
holds small umbrella a a very . person 
above . a a hat man holds with pole head older baseball his 
the stick the something a man in on holds . glasses 
sides by a bag man and on with a a bags sits plastic <unk> step two his . 
a on bags man the near some wearing sits . sandals sidewalk 
hands clapping gray bags sits area older in bald man stone , . with , 
man . sitting curb with a on concrete <unk> bag 
with man either . side with him on sitting on the of bags beard sidewalk grey 
his with . a dog plays toy 
toy in dog . in a mouth its runs with green a the <unk> 
a a running in item mouth is green with tan large its dog 
has toy big dog its the green in mouth . a 
carrying a <unk> mouth green in is toy dog tan its the . 
is coming is pool after cold out girl a a by . towel the of covered and 
pool swimming little at a towel covered is . a in a girl 
with swimming . stands by a wet wrapped toddler a towel hair is in pool 
a child a pool in <unk> a in wet of towel is front . 
a a pool <unk> a child wet towel at . under 
a wearing red of outfit black building woman a playing violin standing and in front a a . 
wearing and is front playing . brick black building red a of a in a violin woman 
. woman a violin playing a a on sidewalk red wearing 
striped with building , playing in . violin girl , tights outside of red 
bow . girl black red a and holding violin the in and is 
black running of in . grass a pack dogs 
run black . dogs field in five a 
five across black dogs running . grass the 
area dogs grassy . in many run black a 
in field black grassy dogs running are a the 
long sand dog the . grass into the goes a from headfirst 
a some sand dog . digging the grass in is beneath 
his brown head dog a light is . into poking brush 
. sand the tan hole a dog of digging edge the a at 
a yellow sand the grass dog . digs in near 
water . down near <unk> a and benches path couple a 
a past water walking woman overlook man that . a are benches and the 
a and from sidewalk walk up the away water . woman man a 
. the sidewalk the on walking young from beach a away couple 
in and women shorts white no at man with . flops the looks flip shirt the 
stunt a doing a bike a a on is forest . rider over bicycle 
doing . man a bicycle a trick 
attempting with stunt . is man a a a bicycle 
is jump a trees . pine an performing front a man of with aerial on in covered mountain a bicycle 
in a onto body position bicycle flight a his the holding is person with air in . 
dry . a a , a ears red is brown harness dog and through running white field flapping wearing 
bounds brown grass the a . across dog 
a in . brown field dog of grass a runs 
dry dog with a field in . floppy runs a ears 
in <unk> grass running . dog the a 
bikers upside a down . flips 
bicycle man a his on a does flip . trick 
flip wild a in man mountain a a doing is . on ramp the a bike back off 
a back is attempting a bicycle on a a doing flip whilst jump . man 
flip back man . on a his a bmx bicycle performs 
green . out peeks a a baby in bag 
a bag child in is shopping a mostly . green <unk> 
eyes sitting only poking with a child is hair and out bag in . green its a <unk> 
from bag shopping <unk> a peers infant 
peeking green grocery of is out baby a bag little . 
colored man smiling a many . a mohawk with 
mohawk off camera looking a piercing with rainbow a a is and . man colored 
tank top and smiling colorful with mohawk person a a . 
. brightly smiling colored person mohawk a <unk> a with 
with is smiling a multicolored grey top tank mohawk woman , a and earring . 
a . running is dog a with <unk> away its in mouth 
white walking carrying . large is a grass poodle <unk> the on a 
running puddle its in with <unk> a mouth white along pink large a flip 
a a yard through . dog green carries white the pink <unk> 
large outside . white flip a poodle <unk> carrying pink 
tan in wearing another carpet girls two a room holding a . top girl with yellow 
and girl the for up girls camera . smile two hold another 
. younger sister hold girls up their two 
. lift two third a girl girls 
older a younger them two . hold indoors girls girl between 
a dog tree by and a black brown 
brown a , and up dog barking , white . tree a black 
up looking a dog a is against at . perched tree the top 
out a tree up his with a . hanging dog looking tongue 
tree up look trying dog is out . the tongue with a its to 
child hose from a . a is drinking garden blond 
boy drinks . the a hose from water 
child a mouth house water his to a . with 
drinks boy from little a water the green . hose 
on sitting boy deck the while young hose into blows . a 
a huge the wave in a surfer lone riding ocean . 
in surfing a . man a is black waves the in wetsuit 
. is a surfer <unk> in riding wetsuit a wave a black 
surfs wetsuit . on medium surfer a a in a wave black 
wave a surfer huge . a surfs 
sticking shirt has hair boy . his his up a head from an straight orange wearing 
slide with on hair <unk> boy little a a 
after in a slide hair orange has wild young down sliding a . boy shirt an 
a standing with up boy is his young , slide blue hair a down sliding 
slide kid . orange the in is shirt down sliding a the teal 
shallow water fireworks playing with in children two 
water in children wearing standing necklaces <unk> . while sparklers with two play 
are and sparklers men two . <unk> with sticks playing 
with beach the play two men fireworks . on 
around in water two are people standing sparklers shallow waving , 
on field man a a while a jumps . in four-wheeler 
. a jumping a off <unk> road vehicle person 
a tall riding atv grass a yellow over person . 
atv is of yellow airborne long grass field in . a 
a a with trick the helmet is person on jumping a <unk> doing . 
and two at a black brown white dog lambs . staring is 
. rodeo cowboy near stands a two and a dog a sheep at 
a a ring goats pink shirt herding in man in a 
to in tan control uses . black a goats white a two two a while watches sticks and man pen dog 
a dog into is the herding . pen sheep 
<unk> holding over <unk> a and a to airborne man board a , feet water . the becomes 
boarding man water . a 
a man <unk> . 
the a doing a is in trick water jumping wakeboarder . 
into is wakeboarder air rope onto pink the whilst leaping a . holding a 
along . boy street the runs a 
a on running . child the sidewalk 
young running a boy street a race in 
. in boy runs a race a young 
. running a in blond child race 
big a is dog a biting the dog leg on smaller 
dog dog . another bites of tail a the 
brown a . a dog behind small white 's large dog sniffs 
behind white catch a dog large a trying brown puppy small from to 
dog . the a brown small large dog is sniffing white 
a . in race dog black dog a is 
a <unk> black is greyhound . ( track white a , on a jersey # and ) green running with 
with a the black a of race middle is number in seven . greyhound the 
with a seven number the dog track dog . on runs fast race a 
dog black down racing . track greyhound a 
mountain a to and . girl her next walking child a 
orange hiking woman a towards colored an . is face rock 
a a a a in , in with woman standing . backpack canyon baby 
on her at stand the the back girl look a and tall with baby mountain 
<unk> dirt large woman walking near boulder on . path a a 
picture a for red in blue man with a woman a and paint . poses face 
man a . woman being face black his on is by with paint red held and a 
in paint woman a with . poses face man young a 
adults other each . hug two 
man wearing a . face and woman a , necklaces identical embrace a with painted 
towards a up brick road a . building boys running stone 
four away boys an run . incline up 
four towards up a red building path running brick are children a . 
a children up . four small hill run 
are the building children brick a to four . running 
. at eating girl sit tables black a a hula in hoops people while outfit 
front a around black her . woman dressed hoop <unk> with in in performs a waist hula of 
a hula a in hoops woman black park . in 
the on street in lady <unk> . black 
hula . down hoops the sidewalk the woman 
people at <unk> . park riding ride are or on a a carnival 
the watery in arms riders <unk> the in their ride throw for <unk> . the prepare log as air in they 
riding <unk> park down are . in people two a <unk> a log 
<unk> two people their in up ride a raise arms 
at with log in it people . amusement water night park ride 
with black girl . is gloves running a 
outside a . is woman <unk> 
is tank woman black white wearing gloves purple . , and a headband top a 
and is purple . woman a jogging wearing 
purple girl with <unk> . background in blurry 
in a and a a boy picture for man a waterfall overlooking stairway a pose . 
. <unk> view behind posing and boy a and a fence waterfall together man a a 
man boy beautiful a for waterfall the a a with little photo in posing background and . 
in an front of a waterfall stand father and large child asian . 
a . a near waterfall boy man photo and pose for 
on a stairs dog brown rests . steps and of head lower black 
a blue a rests and black on couch brown dog . 
looks head . a on black step carpeted with dog up blue a his 
. stretches his the a dog of black staircase a back step on first 
laying and with stair first carpeted <unk> is its step head the of . paws green the on the 
area and big little shorts , holds a pitch him tiled red shirt . a for a the waiting for a bat flops , flip too that blue wearing outdoor boy on white are 
boy flops flip . a outside baseball wearing playing little 
little boy to baseball a a hit preparing 
boy a swinging bat wearing baseball red a a shirt small 
young bat gets baseball ready swing boy a . to his 
in a back and has woman black large . on a dressed pink tattoo her 
black a displays woman and back tattoo pink tank a in the . her pants on top 
tank wearing black . a <unk> large top woman a fairy a tattoo 
with . a from camera walks on tattoo woman a the away her back 
woman the has butterfly pink wearing a pants . of her back on tattoo a 
a is top boy little a . laughing wearing yellow tank 
. spiky boy on and yellow shirt little with the asian beach smiles hair 
beach shirt small yellow the a a laughing in . boy on 
sand asian boy a on running young the 
top beach laughing on tank . a boy in yellow 
a large on and view a <unk> of a a bench building with couple . trees sits 
park sitting in a bench a a on couple 
the building a man along trees a of a woman bench a and on . facing with it front 
on by building bench two in . sitting white of a are trees wooden people a front 
on . two face the trees building a people large <unk> sit and they park bench 
stands a girl a a coat in of the fountain the white in boy background laughs and middle . a in 
in girl a standing white fountain coat wearing a a . 
of coat a sprinklers wearing . in stands the white a girl middle 
a young a among girl fountains water coat . wet in stands white 
a a some is white fountains amidst coat in woman standing 
in trunks underwater blue . a orange child a shirt is swim and 
underwater camera a while swimming . the child smiling at 
. underwater a a in swims pool child 
is t-shirt swimming in a blue a girl in pool underwater haired red a . 
child smiling underwater dressed is in blue . 
a playing with a girl . little boy on running little round the is 
running a a a young on boy after young beach . girl 
sand naked . , run skirt the , boys on a , two one in one 
in sand each kids two the chasing . other 
a running two beach children on small . 
in boy a a a swing . on hat 
. swing a boy rides a 
. blue in boy is swinging a a backwards and wearing cap little 
little a on boy swing a . 
little boy on swing 
people decorated in brightly background around the cart with bicycle with a walking 
people <unk> while walk is parked by machine . a street 
corner a street busy the . a intersection on vendor of 
street theater a . <unk> city past walk the on people 
a theater city <unk> mobile . people around a walk big in 
on a dirt . the races greyhound 
. the a greyhound races through dirt 
with racing large . the mud is in dog a a brown muzzle 
. muzzle on sand a tan wearing dog is a running 
along yellow . greyhound the muzzled runs track the 
jacket in guy . eating a black 
<unk> . eats man a a 
men eats while a a <unk> in look frame out black of a man . other coat 
while . is men eating standing other a a in jacket next two <unk> black a man to 
is eating man in near a <unk> . elderly two a men black good 
people . four trees stand front of in 
adults gathered young outdoors four 
. busy through trees four people park a past in are young walking 
in , to students . <unk> college return fall the their 
and in a girls boys . park two two walking 
people navy . blue a mohawk a wearing boy of crowd sweatshirt a is in a with 
a a backpack with a wears college a man at <unk> campus mohawk . 
people mohawk stands . with a group a man a in of 
a man . with mohawk walking a campus on 
mohawk a has the man . 
in hill are covered . snow children two of <unk> a the top at 
two sledding . children go 
<unk> children snowy hill a . down ride two 
<unk> two sitting on in the snow . children 
two snow in children the sliding . 
<unk> <unk> some beside dog . ground runs at the in brindle a 
a is . beach the dog brown wooden running past on posts 
running the . beach dog along a 
a dog a wood runs near along beach tan . <unk> 
wooden running the the brown dog in water front . the of is sticks and 
trying to black stool on stuffed shirt in sell animals . while sits man a a 
toys selling . outside various man a is 
sells by . a as 's toys <unk> children vendor walk 
stuffed animals a on inflatable sidewalk the . and toys sells vendor 
toys sits on . man beside stool 
her stands bag on striped brown a and back in shorts a woman shirt . with green small 
her green stands on woman . hips in hands her a with 
a woman a shirt and striped green wearing is . a skirt brown 
backpack <unk> a in wearing . women striped top 
striped back shirt green on . and a has the her backpack in tattoo the woman 
running dog <unk> through the tan and a snow . 
dog through the is . the wire fence running from away a snow 
snow through a dog running . 
the running snow deep is . through dog 
. the the snow is dog running through 
face toy . by is the a a splashed boy water park at in a playground 
the sprayed a . a young look like boy <unk> at park to a being in <unk> water a face decorated by 
by splashed young is blue . boy toy the face water a a in <unk> 
the . running through boy is the sprinklers 
the . running little boy sprinklers is the through 
are the in three the . sand standing dogs 
and . three other stare small each stand in sand at the dogs 
are , sniffing of two . small three noses which dogs 
. out the at two beach and dogs check a meet third dog 
. dogs facing small dog third two a 
underwater a a . girl breath pool in her holds 
pool . <unk> about is from swimming girl a to a 
a a underwater girl in . pool 
a swimming . little <unk> under the water is girl blue 
girl for up a swimming being after coming pool a is in . air young underwater 
have girl swimming other around arms . boy a and their goggles each wearing 
boy a goggles wearing next little pool a and a . pose girl swimming to little 
are . the and swimming wearing boy goggles girl 
. pool two a in children goggles beside standing 
children before goggles stand with pool . a two 
racer motorcycle is . motorcycle riding a a black 
. a speeds high going very a is motorcyclist 
. is a a road on motorcyclist speeding 
a person a quickly . motorcycle rides 
background blurry , crouches motorcycle bike . rider on 
hikers a stand top . the snowy at of two mountain 
atop a two climbers mountain . peak snowy stand 
, a the climbers . stand of two ridge on snowy mountain tall mountain 
two a around top stand the looking on . climbers of mountain mountain 
the top snow two a stand on covered mountain of people . 
blue a in person <unk> rapids is a kayak river . in a 
going waterfall a small a in over is . kayak person a 
a small kayaking waterfall down . person a 
's waterfall over a . person a kayak 
being ridden is . a small over blue waterfall kayak the 
horizontal in grassy jumps . black a <unk> a a bar dog 
jumps black a in . grassy dog area hurdle a a 
dog . over black pole on a green grass jumps a 
medium gate black over a dog jumps a sized 
white the is the pole the grass black over jumping . in dog 
crowd of people walk . a 
of runner an injured a of out a carry runners . race group 
group on a being carried , by . other behind a looking barrier a man of men people 
watch carrying from as man fence injured group spectators behind . 
being the injured by several athlete . carried people is 
is rocks jumping boy water shallow some a over . large near 
on air in . a the jumping beach child the 
the air . child jumps over in watery beach a the 
the air . kid into up little the ocean a jumps above 
boy . front rock a joy in jumps of formation young a for 
a . white and is swimming black dog 
. water in a swims the dog 
dog deep water . swims a through 
white water is dog a large black the in . and swimming 
mouth the and its a white object dog swims . black with brown in 
an the a look old at . woman behind somthing man and and stand photographer 
against sky a silhouetted a man blue people stands with several 
the man other an a lady . while distance stares way looks the older young into 
group day . of a on sunny people 
around standing . are a blue people under clear several sky 
soccer green a a girl field in , , . plays 
about ball a soccer girl grass the to in a is kick . 
while soccer . prepares a a boy on girl a ball looks kick to 
young playing . soccer watches a a male female 
two field . soccer playing kids in a 
a . wearing red <unk> little grins as holds boy something he a 
hand wearing light his a holds something . he smiles in a shirt boy blue small as 
hand his smiling something young with in boy a 
standing blue man couch floral a wearing a a striped shirt <unk> in of young front 
a smiles chair young a in his , near and blue in a . window boy shirt something a hand and holds 
a beach leash walking dog on woman a a on lone bikini a a wearing 
woman bathing the a in a dog walks suit on beach a . 
a in beach the a on . pulls bikini dog a leash at a woman 
woman her dog standing a at beach the is with a on leash 
a a a dog beach on walking . woman 
in white life a little a into jacket green goggles jumps water the boy . and 
in . water jumps boy little shorts the red a into 
of body off a a . of ledge water person a jumps into 
with life jacket water jumping boy into 
guy off into water jacket bridge with jumping ski 
through sprinklers a running girl the a blond suit in pink bathing 
through girl a runs a in sprinkler pink . 
a a . sprinklers on through runs lawn girl 
. girl running little pink a sprinkler in a in through 
grass running a . dress a the pink is little girl across wearing 
path a a forest blue down a bikes man in . jacket 
pine . bike rides a a man forest in a a down trail 
. a area wooded on a person a bike through rides 
way <unk> . as reach navigates cyclist the <unk> the trees tall through a to the horizon 
the is through . riding biker the woods 
orange . a shirt with the lies boy an in surf on <unk> a 
board in waves the a . on in a boogie is child orange 
rides boy young the <unk> through ocean spray a his . 
rides child on a wearing surfboard yellow young a a . wetsuit 
the splashing waves on board child , a around . with is boogie 
posing . a brick front framed man a on that wall pictures it has of is in 
of brick . standing is top a along an <unk> in man with wall the pictures front 
middle . pictures some standing white a <unk> a underneath aged is to man wall next <unk> 
check a of row stands . in man a pictures religious shirt below a smiling 
smiling pictures the white wall man a front standing . with on in wall of a brick 
. dog around track a racing a 
dog racing track on a a . 
muzzle a greyhound racetrack a a on with runs . 
dog a greyhound is around track . a muzzled running 
a greyhound a dog around running muzzled track 
in on black a . big with its a poodle the toy grass mouth running 
carrying in field brown toy dog a a frolics a plush 
curly runs in a toy dog across lawn mouth brown carrying a its . the 
catches and toy . a chew dog a jumps 
dog toy in mouth its running with black is the . grass a on the 
platform a . a stand whilst jumps and other off two boys watch boy 
a a . is child jumping off pool a platform into 
three a off platform jumping . boys of 
, off diving three one with children on board jumping . 
. midair standing two diving top a <unk> and one of platform on boys 
bench elderly trees a on two amongst females . sitting white 
two . women bench elderly on sitting a white 
older park at a park on women two the sit bench . 
women a bench in older park on a two white . sit 
on . bench sit day a sunny outside <unk> on two a women 
group costume <unk> man of a a in . fish while staircase a descends around a people 
for of game people waiting a group line . a in 
bags near overweight an . a with across sling family of stand people group 
red in of woman in a a a . black white in in and a shirt stairway a by a shirt man front a woman shirt stands 
a stairs people of building in walk . near set a 
a though dog . sand brown some is running 
is some a sand in jumping dog . 
dog grass a background the in the running , in . sand 
dog running through the a . sand 
. a dog sand through runs 
<unk> people above multiple . view of 
sky of . a people as the they are <unk> group through shown fall 
toward sky the sea and earth jumper a falls the . 
people <unk> . are 
in formation . <unk> 
. her a hair girl in pool swimming shakes a 
of . the a , their emerges from hair water pool water a <unk> from person 
throwing their . in a the water back is and person hair 
woman water of swinging a her out the head 
gives woman off hair water spray in wet long 's 
is midair . a woman behind it cheers a in black as dog 
a the . the background <unk> in leaps a while black in air woman dog 
running really running background the with dog black . a in fast woman after him blond a 
in woman a shirt black a running behind dog blue a . is 
running dog woman after 
white on a grass whilst is and dog <unk> . black the walking 
through a black grass running and white is dog . 
dog a runs black while . and <unk> white across lawn 
grass white black the on the running is . and dog 
the . white black runs through dog the and grass 
a a from diving pool a girl into board jumping 
pool a into girl swimming a jumping 
jumps girl pool board into diving off a a . a of 
girl off a is diving a into . little the pool jumping board 
board . a jumps bathing pool a yellow a suit pink from a and young in diving into girl 
bows hair little . in a girl wearing her while screams 
. colorful a small in <unk> girl her hair <unk> with 
toddler with a <unk> <unk> the . at window colorful 
ribbons yawning young girl a with . hair 
in with bows girl . hair her screaming 
with posing while tongue off . girl ring a shows a man his 
<unk> woman camera it his out man a at . a , at the tongue sticks 
to with tongue man pierced woman next . a a 
woman are together sitting the smiling and . and man 
him tongue man woman a shows next his young while piercing stands to 
trick a skateboard in . shorts doing a boy 
a lot at does in night skateboard a tricks parking . man 
curb grinds skateboarder a a . 
along a a his of riding skateboarder stone parking the . <unk> lot board is 
skateboard . curb on a grinding his is a skateboard with 
graffiti rides covered a with his a falling shadow his . skateboard in man wall on 
. a skateboarder lip a grinding 
covered graffiti is of air the in a front through skateboarder . a wall jumping 
performs a skateboard a against graffiti skateboarder . trick wall a 
. front wall ramp skateboarder a graffiti performs of a tricks a on with in 
hoodie a a dark is holding blond rod in a boy . fishing 
pole boy . on the water a casts beach the fishing in a 
. holding fishing is little rod a a boy 
holding a . boy pole fishing hoodie a wearing black is young a 
fishing . holding male a pole a young 
two . a red is people rapids by boat down the <unk> 
<unk> . through rapids paddle two some 
in rowing canoe are people two river a jackets a down . 
trees a near river pine rafting down . people two 
people . rocks in row water two past boat a 
canoe with a red paddle in a couple down a trees . river rough lined 
<unk> background in <unk> large the canoe <unk> a . with two <unk> river rocks in the a red of in couple 
a two are people . in canoe 
red a two canoe canoeing down in . people a river 
of pine . forest people stretch near river paddle down rough a a two a canoe 
into clothed water jumps a . boy <unk> 
while jumps water into watches a boy another . 
a boys boy in another while . on water the looks jumps 
kid another <unk> over a looks jumps a while on boy small . 
boys in two playing a lake . 
bathing a jumps in . green a suit lake off a building girl a into 
green leaping into a girl a suit a in lake . bathing 
blue . a off lake a in a is a jumping bathing into dock suit woman 
woman a into a lake jumping 
leaping into the lake . is girl the 
dog a in in ball with grass tan its pale a . <unk> mouth 
its white in white a . ball mouth carries dog a 
dog across . nearby fence a the white a is a ball carrying grass 
. a mouth in dog the his holding is ball 
its has ball white mouth the . a in dog 
road sitting an . the side playing on the accordion of a guy 
park playing is an accordion . the empty a in man 
an man of white by a . building in accordion driveway a playing front a sits 
a alongside a . an man accordion with path sitting 
a street playing man older . on accordion 
. <unk> <unk> dad <unk> <unk> family a with a birthday his 
party . a a a . children a talk birthday <unk> and on like man looks to <unk> woman two 
a a a man little <unk> over . a birthday girls with woman celebrate two and <unk> 
on is computer on two of with the a woman children the man a . picture sits a while table 
, two a with . children a and laptop woman cake a , 
area chased in brown a a being dog rural 
a few in woods near brown . dogs play dirt some 
group running dirt down of trail dogs a a . outside 
wooded outdoors area the are . dogs near running a 
run a along . watches road gravel while two dogs dog another brown 
gray blue under a sitting woman shirt a . yellow a in sign haired 
<unk> sits under 3 sign older woman special an a advertising . a 
down an facing under <unk> is sitting woman . a 
sale underneath a sign sits . woman a 
yellow wooden on wearing woman bench a a sits a shirt . 
girl beach the plays in a at . the surf 
rides kid . an in wave a ocean a 
wave beach on is . a into breaking a girl little jumping the 
man in beach young a playing the at a wave 
the boy water arms this his . is while in playing <unk> 
are the . and a into staring man ocean a woman 
looking water a woman at at a man . looking 
young the of . in front a staring couple ocean 
looking people two rocky at a view 
coats two out into the . look surf in women 
<unk> . ball a dachshund tennis a 
. field a with through a <unk> ball is dog a running 
. has its little a in a brown ball mouth dog 
dog . a ball and tennis blue yellow catches a <unk> 
grass in ball dog a mouth yellow the with through its . the is running small brown 
street sunglasses walking of on with top head the is in a his . man 
buildings a man some . of poses outside 
the <unk> man next stands a . signs for to 
a man sunglasses on the by <unk> for <unk> with and head signs standing . his ferry is 
head a sunglasses his a poses near picture the on for <unk> . with man 
a after a man <unk> relaxing a and woman 
man woman after a a resting and exercise . 
a shirt <unk> he a with a . as break <unk> man by his off wall takes 
him is a to back a in shirtless her with shirt there a against a man leaning and wall woman . red 
people a <unk> . stand after wall against two a 
with . innertube a a boy blond rubber his over shoulder 
. float a boy holding a 
a plays a . boy tube water with 
shirt without . for uses innertube a a an shade kid 
innertube hair with blond body with around a long his young boy <unk> a large 
wearing pouring boy a water head over . his shorts brown 
a standing a water a head in bucket . in dumps or on of stream a her child his 
of taking blue is bucket person pouring and . a over water a themselves it full 
. boy over young his head a <unk> water pail a of 
bucket head young over water a of in . river a child green large is standing a his pouring 
in the screaming a bikini a water a at girl a emerging pool . end into slide pink of 
a a . slide girl water on laughing 
a young at in bottom of the . girl a laughs a pink bikini slide water 
young a in a swimsuit the pink slide a water at . girl bottom of 
swimsuit water child as in . mouth slide at bottom and lands she <unk> opens 
in mouth fence while has dog a his playing the brown a ball in . 
a long his mouth green dog in with toy brown a runs grass through . 
ball field dog in with brown . a a is through mouth , running its the 
through grass dry mouth running the . ball is the brown a with its dog in 
with mouth is a ball . pointy its brown the in ears dog holding 
a a . on blonde girl set play climbing 
playground a girl on playing a 
a climbing of both on girl the holds a frame . dress wearing rails to 
. girl jungle gym from a a young hanging 
rails dress in hanging orange girl on 
<unk> with beach her a girl behind an teenage walking a older man running , on . 
running along beach child a young a the at shore 
plays girl the a on sand young in . a beach 
background walking ocean in yelling , child figure another sand and across . and 
. the the is near girl sand on the running beach 
a guy with . a backpack on 
. the on mound is rocks path a standing hiker a of by 
rocky hill man up hikes a a . 
a man hill a to on backpack a <unk> with a rock . next 
a backpack stands man a beside a . rock with 
midair . <unk> into <unk> ride a a person in 
upside is while some attached to flipping down . person a cords bungee 
sky person poles a wires against by suspended . a and is blue 
and to . <unk> shorts him shirt attached wearing white blue with a a person 
individual in rubber with airborne is jumping . <unk> <unk> a strapped attached 
a jeans grassy . red walking in a and sweatshirt hill person hooded shorts on a striped 
striped a wearing walking person is a . hill shirt a on 
standing striped sweater a a . a woman in is on hill 
woman . hill across background clouds walking a the with in a dark 
striped pink black a a walking and with up shorts one shirt . and hill person white 
its from object , emerges white a sand water dog mouth the a the holding in . onto black 
ball a its from emerges the dog black mouth white water with . in a 
carrying black . dog its ball beach a on a a in mouth 
out mouth his in water a the black dog of . a ball with walking white 
of its out mouth black water dog something . in the with the jumps 
a a on playground boy playing 
boys plays a the at playground . 
at in a and . a jeans playground from a child <unk> hangs t-shirt 
african-american on playground playing . is boy 
a boy <unk> smiling a at . structure playground onto a hangs 
group front a of of a in policeman building glass 
of outside . policemen of group a building a are standing 
of city outside police . a a officers group building 
a streets in building background of group a with the the <unk> officers police 
around glass a are . gathered building policemen 
brown and dog a very . is a dog looks that white licking similar 
brown . dog and white licking small brown is terrier a a 
blurry . two dogs 
sidewalk are . two and brown standing dogs white on a 
two together and brown white stand . dogs small 
fence is . a cow brown by where a dog is a brown 
the dog cow wooden is a a is sniffing . behind fence ground brown a standing that by 
fence sniffing bull . brown at dog of the a a brown 
and fence a . a dog standing cow at 
sniffing <unk> a the while on a looks bull dog 
dog wooded white a area . running from a 
. white a woods dog running through 
a white the camera toward dog runs . 
runs toward through dog camera trees 
looks . happy white the dog running 
dogs a . beach black three on are 
dogs the beach playing . on black three 
sand dogs on play outside . three black 
dogs a playing beach three on 
shore . large the near are playing the dogs on three black ocean 
a children and carrying . swords group of poles 
a holding a row of group swords sticks stand . kids and in 
holding , children front sticks of together in long group crowd a . 
background with family a kids in in standing watching the line 
while group . a there grass in the is sticks standing of children young 8 holding 
pool hair hair long and person a , from emerging <unk> of <unk> the around . from their water hair a , with water 
a water . with woman her <unk> hair is 
hair is wet the <unk> water woman her with creating throwing a pattern . back a 
hair <unk> water out her a woman . the of 
sunlight <unk> a 's water reflecting from is by the . hair the spray woman 
eats with chopsticks a boy . 
boy <unk> his . with is a of a little chopsticks eating piece 
with chopsticks an asian boy . eats 
a chopsticks eats . boy young with food 
chopsticks the shirt . wearing is blue eating the with boy little 
<unk> behind it quickly smoke . a race with <unk> car 
leaving . and taking a behind off huge him <unk> trail is of smoke a 
tires . <unk> a <unk> man <unk> <unk> smoking at a a its is car 
smoke car track blowing racing on red 
. is a race the out on smoke racetrack of back a car of <unk> red 
a for white dog black and jumping ball . a 
and tennis jumps for a . a dog black white ball 
dog air and in white black a the is . jumping ball tennis trying a catch to 
dog tennis is playing with ball a near white . a flowers and black 
off . dog ground and a jumping to is a the ball there trying black catch white 
two race track a . dogs brown on 
racing mouths two and dogs . on muzzles have are their 
course around race the dogs two . 
are two wearing racing . equipment ground dogs running muddy on 
. dogs mud racing in two the run 
soccer wearing field a white headband boy ball the . is a a kicking down 
the field corner the ball of player the . a kicks soccer from 
. at soccer is game <unk> on a going 
is soccer a soccer . player ball a kicking 
at sidelines , soccer . the the off a player kicks dusk ball 
of in is a on man doing front tricks on a crowd . bicycle ramps a 
of while a man <unk> a competition on a crowd the jump . bike as watches a part 
rides . a bike ramp yellow watch while man a others over a 
bike jumping . rider obstacles 
jumps of bmx off ramp biker 
inflatable something balances on boy a 
floating watch . while while two tries boy others a balance two on standing to <unk> his keep 
on some kid material stands water wearing a in the . safety gear 
friend while on raft of top their the poses . in kids water little their play 
helmets all float children and the there water and wearing a are on in balancing are they one two . 
her pointing a . a woman face finger has in 
and , a . table a in with of woman at near a her sits plate glass window front a 
. down a a woman to meal being sitting is pointed have at 
dress woman a floral sits as pointed a finger a is at . her wearing 
a a at table , woman left a of the front hair short window to with on in surprised looking hand sitting points a 
race black spins its smoke car . out tires comes a while 
car black of . a a of people front race starts in up crowd 
a down race broken during car a 
very race car . the <unk> smoking racetrack on 
. race of smoke front crowd car red a in behind leaves <unk> it 
a . a in outfit colorful outdoors trashcan a man stands over 
robe a man against a . in leaning trashcan watching pedestrians and a 
man bathroom a wears trashcan . as he a a stands over floral 
a . person a on wearing pattern leans trashcan with a cage clothes floral 
trashcan leaning robe person a a wearing cup of holding on coffee flowered 
men or says beside sign a " are that . hell " two jesus standing 
box electric protest . red in a are two resting on a sign standing men front of 
jesus box the at talking on there and two or red pointing listening the street is , one are standing hell says . sign is beneath a " that men other ; a " 
that two men " jesus hell sign <unk> or . a " says 
and a by poster two talking box a men red 
a animals worker carnival surrounded by stuffed . 
woman the top stuffed near a animal wearing . a stands striped <unk> 
. store stuffed lady in a animal 
and wearing <unk> on striped white standing and a hanging stuffed amongst shirt black animals . woman 
with stuffed animal . woman display 
on <unk> a . <unk> plays bouncy girl toy a 
blue into girl . blonde a little bouncy inflatable a crawling house 
into a blond smiling crawling . a <unk> girl 
a a bouncy . young girl house blue blond in 
young toy blue girl a a laying inflatable on 
. upside a in man dog of jumping down a front 
a back and his man dog . flip a <unk> black white performing 
back dog a t-shirt flip watching a in white man a a do 
behind standing small white and a a doing flip man back . dog black a 
trick man with , outdoors doing dog backwards . jumps 
course his obstacle owner runs him goes . beside while dog a through an 
while the owner his a a . on running pet obstacles alongside dog is course pet <unk> 
a a <unk> and man dog course . obstacle an 
a runs his man dog . dog a at show with 
watches in agility course . red an on dog shirt man 
players with in visible female logo the beach two . the the off background face net volleyball at <unk> <unk> 
two . try hit to ball players female volleyball the 
woman playing volleyball . two beach 
in women skimpy sand play . two outfits volleyball 
the . two sand on volleyball women play 
yellow polo tall in standing in a grass boy a 
a camera hides . the kid bushes <unk> in from the 
little in grass standing a . tall very green boy 
<unk> the tall shirt boy among striped standing . in 
a yellow in grass in striped shirt , tall the some little stands boy . 
during field game a . running soccer in uniform a a in a boy 
field a soccer boy in running a uniform a on 
in game soccer boy . green white <unk> a looks a during and 
field the on running player is a soccer 
a on the soccer field running player . 
running dogs down are a trail brown 
down through path . of group and dogs dry grass bushes a a runs 
of running are away . dogs trail a down pack a 
walking grassy five down dogs brown . a path are 
field dogs many same the running in way . are a 
a whilst a roller yelling child is coaster on 
roller . on coaster , boy happy excited a a 
while roller is kid . yelling coaster a on a 
on boy coaster a screams roller . young a 
open with wide boy blonde the . is mouth <unk> riding his 
a in ball running . carrying a its dog grassy black a yard large mouth through 
mouth its a black ball . dog a in runs with 
runs deflated mouth with a ball its in a a yard . in dog 
dog runs . volleyball with a a 
and is black carrying dog . ball its mouth blue white the in a 
to a attempting woman rocky with reflecting a is tightrope walk sun nearby <unk> onlookers a lake . 
by the a a <unk> on <unk> walking as is rope . woman a 
her as . right to sets the sun leaning a woman 
<unk> in girl background in a <unk> with sunset the a man 
shore a of at the . lake dusk the is dancing woman on 
brown a a and floating at ball dog a in is tennis . white looking pool 
at dog a a . white looking ball into a brown pool and tennis 
tennis ball white and pool water a dog a walks brown a toward which . floats down green ramp in of a 
a to into . get a ramp a descends pool ball tennis the dog 
looking a floating ball a tennis in pool . dog at a 
fence . leash small white a to walking dog on a is has and next a 
a is white down walking . road dog dirt a 
path . along , leash a trailing a white a dog runs 
on dog a white dirt <unk> is with leash a road a 
him path puppy walks ground on a behind white dirt a his . trailing down leash the 
an underwater <unk> orange . mask in boy swims a 
goggles and orange swim is a diving underwater kid . while wearing gear 
with . mask boy on underwater swims orange 
goggles the red swims underwater in boy . 
swims the boy the little water under . 
tan playing . dog and black white a with dog a is 
the biting brown and dog the white . and white is black dog 
one appear kissing another . two dogs ground with to be flat on 
or dogs . together two either fighting playing 
dogs two play around nighttime . at 
. a a chair jumping off boy 
couch a boy indoors on woman a a high nearby . while jumps sleeps 
the boy onto with floor brown of hair off little a jumped a brown chair . 
becomes young family in airborne him room a a woman rests behind boy setting a . while 
young off chair jumping a a boy 
surface running in . holding a concrete blue shorts boy a goggles while on 
wet . carrying boy runs a goggles 
. blue wearing a swimsuit a young while barefoot runs boy 
goggles trunks holding running boy wearing and swim 
young the the . of <unk> athlete swimming race <unk> the 
hula leg a pink hoop house with outside . is spinning her around upper girl a a 
<unk> girl on a poses a driveway . 
in driveway a . stands a girl 
girl barefoot driveway stands . young uses a on <unk> a a and 
in child playing <unk> . on hoop a with <unk> a driveway cement hula 
a at . people of crowd night <unk> 
the a talks an while jacket phone another on girl girl orange smokes in . 
in a an woman talking cellphone on orange . jacket her is 
. phone talks and crowd in orange stands the a a wearing woman on 
talks woman in who on cellphone is woman a standing cigarette a whist smoking the the in orange . of front 
water yard dog a a brown is . in splashing 
dry himself . shaking dog grass is the a on 
water a green splashes dog on while grass . 
dog water sprinkler drink tries to a . a from 
tan off dog a lawn on a water shaking some 
. the in suit a road is paved bike a a dress man riding down 
of road man a bike a riding a side along on the country is 
rural road . side area a older a rides bike along an in his the gentleman of 
rides a road country an on old man . bicycle a 
down a with clouds riding man bicycle overhead road a . 
yellow crashing a in a runs . top tank a boy away wave from 
with a a buy a . pale beach on 
a from runs an away approaching child . wave 
wave with runs bucket kid a a from a 
red is on in running a boy hand . beach the with his bucket a little 
bike jumping a trick a off bike doing , rider his 
a trick is on bike guy a . a doing 
bicycle a trip on jumping is man his a performing . 
high a . a above with bike the man concrete jumps 
jumps <unk> rider . of air trick off in stone does , bike gray 
a red red baby sweatshirt a . in hooded <unk> mat a 
red on . climbs a baby a jacket table a red wearing 
mat a festive carpet red a kid . on little climbs a 
red in coat . in mat laid the child the red the 
red is of climb the . to piece toddler equipment ready the 
a take the a standing top near stump and . on jeans a a of blue in a water picture man woman 
. on while man her picture a stump a woman balances a takes 
woman a a . atop <unk> <unk> stands 
beach shooting the picture . women man at of 
post the the the the is on water having camera by . man standing by the taken girl with her picture 
and riding larger a on with bicycle a a small child child small . on toy wheels training 
in in little orange bikes riding boy the an boy shirt smaller the looks at while . shirt red the 
ride asphalt two their on children street the bikes . 
in street riding bikes their two boys the . little 
road small the ride bikes . neighborhood boys of young a on two 
on of dog carrying brown ocean is stick . the a the shore wet a 
the and in splashing paws a mouth stick a beach . off with his water bounds dog sandy his across 
. the stick carries a wet a shore blond dog , on 
with the the dog in stick a . to the next its is running beach mouth ocean along 
, the a water the has his in mouth wet dog brown running the to and in stick next . is sand 
in . wrestle and black dogs long grass brown two the 
two dogs in grassy . each other are jumping a up at field 
each jumping other two dogs . on 
two legs dogs other against hind each . leaning their on 
with wrestle . in fence chain dogs a the the in link two grass background 
parking a walking . lot boy through a is cars with filled 
short orange in cap and child a lot red a . in parking 
young on the traffic standing a a street watching boy 
striped child shorts and red cap standing , near cars shirt pavement on orange with . 
the the girl red is from striped the side watching the of little and the shirt line of road traffic skirt in . 
on saddle top jeans wearing a . person of sits a horse 
a . on saddle horse a is in the jeans woman of sitting 
the on girl a saddle is top of . sitting 
of a person top on horse sitting . is the 
sitting in . this is saddle a person 
. a some a onto while small smiling boy equipment holding playground of closeup 
camera the for a boy a little posing . on background 
red on child smiles . to holds a little playground <unk> a in shirt and 
a boy around hanging wearing brown young a red shirt a pole 
hanging a and pole red in shorts onto shirt child white 
a running with on a around <unk> beach . flying child 
a . fly birds the shore overhead child runs while along , 
birds a is the by small running surrounded . beach of child shore on the 
on a young wearing a the shirt <unk> running beach boy 
child fly beach birds runs among . young a a him as along 
lawn boy a girl in a playing and buckets sprinkler with 
lake water in the are garden a boy and playing . buckets girl of with overlooking a 
of with with bucket by water a of being boy a a . bucket a water is girl chased 
with of girl ocean background playing in . with the are and water the young a boy young <unk> 
a a sprinkler near play . children beach in 
a ball tennis . a dog catches 
its in running mouth catching a dog a while ball is . tennis 
. ball tennis a mouth a dog its small catches in 
driveway a . mouth playing with dog in small a tennis ball its a in 
running and . a in white tennis outside the mouth is its dog ball with tan 
parked with is off grassy through field the a a telescope background . the and suv in a looking an distance , mountains into woman in is 
. is to of eyes her standing a person large a piece vehicle a holding blue a up near equipment meadow in 
while a a a through a blue telescope or waits car . in person looks field approaches 
in woman binoculars is while is a through looking parked . front a that mountains car near standing of 
through , . in near a stands field woman and a a car binoculars looks 
in a running the middle area a jeep sits . blue forested through a stream of 
river blue is <unk> across . driving a land a 
stream surrounded in drives <unk> a . blue a suv by 
suv creek over driving small blue . a a 
a water , of the in area crossing is stream vehicle a wooded . 
beach gathers on . a the string man kite 
the is walking string brown . beach on in of a a man a with shirt striped in hand his roll 
. flying a kite is near wearing shore man a jean the 
kite flies a a . polo man with and happily shirt jeans a 
the the and with smiling the kite cap string boy while . <unk> holds 
of sits the roll fisherman . a chain on 
boots man on machine in a sitting a 
his of man resting <unk> legs cable metal a . on 
brown . a down big rubber man , , machine of big sitting wearing with a boots is chains 
legs his <unk> <unk> young a man relaxing of a on 
to strawberry person a feeding a <unk> a 
to a attempts <unk> eat a . <unk> 
someone feeds strawberry <unk> a a . to 
<unk> being . strawberry <unk> the is an 
is <unk> the being strawberry <unk> a 
over a dog a jumps competition barrier a very high at 
jump woman to leads a tall dog a competition a a in hurdle . 
in top a dog <unk> hurdle blue a . and dark white brown and pants leaping lady 
the show in jumps high . a as dog the the looks owner over bars jump dog on 
woman is . tall and over guiding white on a white fence the course dog obstacle a brown an 
and a is down obstacle green yellow dog . brown running a 
. at a competition ramp runs dog a down a 
show during a dog a ramp a dog . running down 
is and brown yellow ramp dog down light walking blue a . a 
the dog wooden the runs down . ramp 
brown a a and around . pole white running is dog 
obstacles a runs dog multicolored around course . on a 
around dog races a . collie pole 
dog around and red white running poles 
dog around is white . pink pole the and running a 
on . of group half pipe children a sit a skateboard 
children of of ledge a a the . edge on young group sit cement 
wall the top a of at cement . sit children 
girls . sit on pavement six painted 
. on are sitting hill girls a six little cement 
<unk> <unk> a line metal a a onto . <unk> striped in person a 
onto person a a thick wire a a <unk> is . <unk> wearing helmet pulley blue 
a to wire woman <unk> a <unk> . guide a 
woman to . wire <unk> a up a a in helmet 
a <unk> in a cable pulley woman helmet a to young a . 
is in the car water a 
<unk> . a car in water 
is driven land across a . <unk> a river being 
pond a deep . <unk> its a through land makes way 
handles . water to in <unk> submerged , the an is almost door 
playing some children . are in four water 
the in girls . water young four playing 
in kids water play . 
the water in little . girls play 
knee playing young the in the blue bathing railing deep in . suits girls beyond water 
over a . and black jumping white is a hurdle dog 
series poles . of dog over a a hurdles 
series jumping a a is dog colored of over <unk> . 
a a beam over jumping dog 
<unk> over small jumping a dog black 
rocky fog him surrounding hiker . a climbing hill a with 
hiker walks a on a mountainside . 
a with a . is hiker backpack a up on mountaintop misty 
and a a in red white shirt hiking . green on and a person backpack mountain 
mountain . person a wearing foggy red and a climbs white 
. a look ledge a fence a girl to are boy bending over and a under 
children look squeezing . a through two down fence 
<unk> . two water and a at fence down through children 
a children <unk> rusty ledge over . two 
under bars children some trying to metal <unk> two 
beige white a quickly across the . grass and is running dog 
the a dog running in grass . 
running on a grass dog 
dog through a grass runs the . light-colored 
the across is grassy dog yard a running . short-haired 
. a running track dog dirt down a 
. a greyhound race a running 
a a running dog is greyhound track around muzzled 
. on white blue running vest two greyhound track a with with <unk> 
the running track # is dog around greyhound . 2 a 
and eat about watermelon drink girl . to juice a 
<unk> and is some . little with at juice of table <unk> a girl watermelon a a sitting 
sits watermelon a and . at girl outdoors eats table a little 
and a watermelon table a selling at young card . girl <unk> 
watermelon <unk> and . selling girl young at <unk> a sitting table 
people a sand beach the on with standing 
is sunshade woman <unk> a <unk> the green passing with a on . beach a 
are the people beach on clear . along a many walking day 
in and people beach on . bathing exhibit near , dresses dressed suits , an shorts the are 
a standing , beach people green a umbrella under one on 
a grassy a colourful . black dog field toy a fetching in 
grass with its mouth running long dog a toy a . in black colorful is through 
a a a toy in dog field catching 
retriever dry toy . a with in grass black multi-colored plays 
toy while the black dog in field running its catches a the . in mouth 
couch sits young a on a man . smokes and 
a man with couch <unk> . on a while young smokes sitting unique a 
on . a smoking couch man 
man couch a sitting young is a on cigarette the smoking . 
in room sofa on colorful young a black smokes man a a in shirt 
a lady playing is a a bagpipe red wearing . dress 
. an dress instrument playing woman a in a red 
bagpipe type some a red dress woman a in similar or . medieval instrument a playing 
in a bagpipe woman . is a costume playing 
. wall red plays a an a against costume wearing a brick instrument woman 
buried in <unk> person a . 
by woman of the seaweed lot a at covered beach sitting . is a 
covered . in a is on the woman seaweed beach 
buried in seaweed is person a . a beach young a of on pile 
beach seaweed is smiling in woman . the buried at the 
his looks bike at a the boy stops cameraman and back on . 
woman on by a on trail passes as a bike bike boy a stopped his 
himself is a shorts shirt bike white look and with a a on turning . black behind to boy 
. boy helmet a on bike a , little posing wearing his 
forest through a on going young a a bicycle road a boy with 
amusement two ride a park blue . in children are 
children a on carnival ride , two in background tree . 
two on ride a children 
<unk> a blue two smile . children riding 
ride . an ride amusement two kids park 
a . a shirt on out railing black ship looking in and flannel sits a through the man pants 
. a a flannel metal bars behind man shirt sitting in 
his a sits man with and foot . a smiles pole on 
<unk> ground sitting man the against up his railing a feet . the on 
shirts . of on the young man in deck boat sits a a a plaid 
a a and white black white dog carries over . the grass frisbee 
dog a a frisbee . and returns white black 
black brown white , carrying . , a is and frisbee dog a 
brown a along white and dog running white black his a frisbee with in . mouth , 
dog in holding . mouth a a frisbee <unk> its , 
to to dog a play pass chases . barrier a the area a enter man trying 
an a white his black dog on as man . course follows and it takes obstacle 
people dog nearby . tents a his from runs with man as watch 
. trainer an dog obstacle his the course with does 
man poles through training is the . to dog <unk> a 
talks . man on his up with a phone the feet 
on wearing legs green t-shirt man on a and a sits talks ledge . with a phone the his 
man his telephone a with . using a up feet 
hat and phone talking . the red with seated is shirt on man green 
up . on man green cellphone has talking t-shirt a the his the feet in whilst 
. a player <unk> has the number football 
football , ground looking a half player . his the helmet off at , 
wearing a white a down looks walks uniform football player and . 
. player # a <unk> of football university miami 
. of <unk> football # closeup player 
the wave water in ocean background edge in the are them dog a . and of the a the black dog under a on boats a with brown 
in surf the other ocean play , dogs shallow black and , . one brown the two the water in 
two in the waves . dogs playing 
dogs water two play the . in 
. ocean the two in back dogs stand back to 
brown . colorful dog over and a cones numbered poles jumps 
jumping a hurdle dog over an obstacle . 
jumping over tan on hurdles a course is a large dog . 
a tan an jumping dog over . obstacle 
green purple over a a and jumps gate tan dog . 
. to the football throw prepares player ball a 
crowd . a football a a him , with guy watching 
football uniform a man . white a is wearing playing 
quarterback for of florida university 
is with player nearby to a make . play football the preparing onlookers 
few jumping a people a wall a dog around brown also wooden <unk> 
climbs dog people over large brown on a . while three fence a tall look 
dog wall a a jumping police over large in training 
over dog climbing wall 
wooden a a as . grass watch field people a dog in scales wall 
against of a pushes . trunk a half the naked <unk> tree man 
rock shirt with climbing no is a . ledge man a 
rock climbing is a a . without on shirt man 
rock a . wall climbs a man shirtless 
against . leaning tree very a man a <unk> is 
on a and standing . hill a his stick mouth in black dog with a white 
the is on dog plain catch grassy playing a 
mountain looks at . stands a of dog and a top the on 
stands towards mouth a stick the on a its dog a in with valley hill . looking 
dog holding mouth in stick brown 
a . sand ball white , black and playing a and with green brown pink dog is , on 
with tennis and . sand a ball in green in is his a mouth dog pink the 
a little . the a dog plays with in sand ball colorful 
the with terrier beach tennis plays on . small a ball a 
with , sand dog playing its ball mouth , the . with tennis dark a in in is the patches white 
and a a frisbee on catches a . field black dog grassy white 
dog catch black to air jumping in white . the frisbee a and white a 
catch jumping a a frisbee dog to . 
white . frisbee black in the field on catch jumps the grassy dog the the white to air and 
to attempt the frisbee leaps the catch to dog . 
competition <unk> . an a frisbee catches at collie a white 
. a in catch dog front of frisbee a a dog tents is up show white to jumping at 
a catch jumps watches to a frisbee a as man dog . 
jumping into a to black dog . the frisbee catch air 
. air high the catch in to dog a frisbee jumping 
arts in children martial tournament . a participate 
boys do a martial blue arts on . two mat 
white on a in protective red gear two outfits mat . and <unk> children 
arts children gear . wearing a martial mat two blue fight on 
sparring two arts helmets in red children martial . <unk> with 
a . face rock climbs blond person a sheer cliff 
girl a rock climbing a . face 
rock . on top a of large wall climbing the very girl a 
person a . rock face climbs a 
climbing is the top a a rock person cliff of to . 
the goes a . out watches boat on to beach while someone see 
orange the person nearby leaves while watches a shore boat an . 
its from watches <unk> sail away <unk> away man red it . in speeds orange mobile a an whilst 
<unk> as a just man vehicle into shore has red a the a . boat water on stands in 
off boat the . <unk> 
pink in and a in is a . sunglasses sitting the man sun shirt 
sunglasses a a shirt man in with . pink 
something an old down man . watching sitting 
man older shirt sunglasses him . pink and , a woman behind sits a a wearing 
a pink the sunglasses man is and wearing shirt 
carrying red black brown . a poodle with chew poodle while playing toy 
black poodle with in toy mouth 
one black . yellow with dog one a dog and toy 
playing two one , , poodles brown black one . are these and 
a poodles two toy with playing . red 
large is a on and . a a person riding standing down surfboard wave 
on another a while towards person is person wave . it surfing a heads 
in wave catch a wetsuit with tries one another to while . him black up a catching surfer a 
paddles wave a another of surfer while wave the one the . surfer at base rides 
. along nearby a surfing is wave someone someone swimming <unk> with 
of <unk> a four are at drinking a party friends group . 
a stands with man woman who wearing hair three blonde black . have 
shirt and three a in women beer stand his cup <unk> to with black of hand man a a . with cap blonde next 
and women man picture . a a three holding pose for drinks 
and holding drinks together women man pose their three . a 
the field brown snowy dogs and black in . play the 
snowy in a brown play two field . dogs 
playing in . snow are dogs the two 
snow dogs in field play of two 
play snow long two dogs in . the haired 
a child a in <unk> pool wearing . 
pool in of a edge . with orange child wings the <unk> , water water a at 
wearing in floaties . a pool child while a plays orange 
orange pool in a wings . with water a and is playing white child 
little a wearing pool in a boy water swimming . is wings 
blue standing . room a wooden and boy a in are a an behind <unk> man table african 
woman at young boy brown sitting a an . blue room older and table a a in 
at a is yellow . the the table picnic person wooden shirt sitting child a with in 
front with of people blue sit tables walls in in a room two . 
. and room <unk> a two tables seats blue sitting in people with wooden 
the stand . sets an two ocean sun in boys as 
in off the are water the <unk> two the people as of water . wading sun 
people two water in . 
two , ocean in the people sunset <unk> watching deep . the stand 
swim sunset two water people in at the . 
three a . boys under in construction building 
unfinished building three boys play . an in 
. space boys unfinished playing three an in 
unfinished floor are playing an boys the . three little on house of 
unfinished two and on . one boy young young floor an wooden boys sit stands 
runs across white and the grass a dog brown . 
the green and dog a brown . runs grass white through 
the dog grass a on running . 
runs . in dog field a a around 
grass the and . white running through is the dog brown 
white . sand trucks black a in in on the boy playing and orange 
a is sand sitting in boy the black . 
in the boy . sand a plays 
wearing the sand . bathing child on a sits suit a striped young 
sand no with shirt the in sits the boy . 
in watches a a dog . big two small playing field dogs rough 
a playing . field with grassy yellow are ball dogs in a three 
field . in three dogs the play together 
another over is two are dogs them a toy chasing dog fighting and . 
and . play after another dogs in field together a runs two 
<unk> a gear man a friends without large his while climber watch rock 
person climbing watching standing and others are . a while around a rock 
a hangs rock people as a other watch person off large . 
a rock others hangs climber a on ledge . look from while 
from rock man spectators dangling watch as 
of football players a of group field the . together huddled middle in the 
and orange wearing football . of a the gather together field players blue on uniforms group 
and other players are and uniforms together in . football huddled blue each orange hugging 
uniform players embrace football another one . in 
wrapped helmets have <unk> in arms men . each the their the around other 
walking aims sidewalk a in and hat shirt . a a man toward person red a him at the cellphone on 
a in the looking another in down hat at black <unk> sweatshirt walks his a . red is sidewalk man to and him while a phone man 
red man cellphone in sweatshirt a and hat a straw . uses a a 
his a phone . hat sidewalk a busy while straw others on man in walk a shades 
hat camera his , <unk> man while photo a with taking a a with . looks a <unk> 
driver a . an car a race woman holds blonde over umbrella 
the rain . that <unk> a he in at is outside race racing a couple in 
an car man sitting race in near woman a a umbrella a . with is 
in car woman holding . race a over a an a umbrella person 
lady holding umbrella race car driver . over 
while nearby is with looking jeans man jeans playing stands ball in in woman a a away a . 
towards . running woman man a a grass across the 
her her up in woman runs man her on a hips a field hands . stands behind a while with 
wearing cap the woman grassy runs the a field standing the black is in . man blue as in 
two off-camera field . looking people in a 
. through branches a boy climbing 
the shorts large red of blue a and . shirt in inside boy tree branches a a stands 
shirt boy branches red a on . walking tree in a 
child red . climbs equipment a in on play a shirt 
little walks between . boy in red in tree in a branches a 
boy of trick top skates doing a a <unk> . on a inline on 
. onto jumps barrier a person a 
over rollerblades person jumps gate a . yellow a wearing 
a jumps on . yellow <unk> adult young a 
grinding a yellow barrier road rollerblader 
dog for brown a ball the digging in sand a 
brown a sand orange an dog ball the for digs in . 
ball . hole his is dirt a has <unk> dog a trying brown in fallen orange that to 
get the <unk> to . dirt an trying ball orange a dog in 
a for dog his the digging sand ball . in 
the red in brick a near building a people . sit of group grass large 
people lawn red . on the a front outside in building sitting with 
it like children school outside a with looks it . sitting of 
circle building a in a sitting . people outside large 
in students some . school sit buildings the grass outside 
. on the lays a <unk> dog a on porch 
rolls dog . porch a his back and a placed scratches on on <unk> a 
pad a dog porch on . spotted over a rolling placed a on 
a . on dog white on its a porch back rolling 
dog rolls spotted back . its the on 
child a plays colorful pool in in a . goggles 
is . wearing in a a pool child goggles <unk> 
girl with in on goggles a pool a 
green goggles young a swimming girl in 
with <unk> goggles submerged swim with child face 
holding . a white the suit in street walks a newspaper a down man 
suit outside a newspaper in . man white a a carrying walks 
streets walking newspaper a the holding man suit . wearing a a white through 
newspaper black wearing a shirt a , is suit white man the and black holding . shoes 
the a . is street white the on walking and suit man wearing 
in ball brown catch soccer black the a a . to jumps dog air and 
to a . dog ball a jumps in a yard black catch 
black dog ball white jumps for . 
to a catch ball dog jumping . soccer 
brown ball . jumps dog the in to air and black the catch the 
boy to ball another kick small . soccer holding a a for boy 
<unk> soccer is a very goal going boy the . from ball little a into 
. with young playing hands boy a ball the his stops soccer goalie 
. ball soccer playing net goal children near a with a 
. in play boys two soccer little uniforms 
from is . down horse a upside a hanging cowboy 
saddle not at down upside while is his man a horse the rodeo riding on the and 
the at riding side man down a horse is a on upside . a rodeo of 
being rider . thrown headfirst a horse rodeo a from 
rider rodeo as looks on audience trick a brown a vertical doing an . a on horse 
water . a a in blows bubble the girl 
sticking mouth girl out water of a the head whose her . is at 
water girl a brown with eyes the . sits in 
her swimming water head is . only girl with the the above 
hair the girl brown <unk> with water in . the 
. shirt jumping a and boy outside on in yellow trampoline a in a shirt are a boy a red 
on trampoline . a jump children 
on are <unk> a kids jumping trampoline blue . 
greenery . two teal children on playing a are near trampoline 
young trampoline as jumps two on other on a boys sit two children it . 
. rough is kayaking in man waters a 
white man some . through a is waters kayaking 
. kayaking in man <unk> a river 
kayaking river . man down rapids 
man through jacket white red . is yellow in a the paddling kayak water the 
hills photographer looks over . the a 
jacket natural a in red . is woman <unk> a a landscape 
a out looks . over woman a rolling hills camera with 
a a a . tripod camera the is view woman looking at on with 
in set record red to lady camera shirt field the up . has her in something 
white jeans sits by in shirt the a the baby . girl a street and on grass 
toddler . girl a grass on sitting the is 
her rock arm is a little sitting . the on girl in grass balancing a 
young grass the girl . is in a sitting 
. a young girl throwing a rock 
looking away in playing a is woman two from fountain small . a children 
two near are and . children the adult an fountain 
water playing are in a and woman . children fountain two a 
two public fountains children in playing 
outdoor with woman in fountain , children playing . two 
a in metal bench a man cap reading a and a sits on newspaper . shorts 
reading cap a park a a , man on bench t-shirt paper and , a . in , shorts sitting 
a park man a reads on wood <unk> an the paper . bench 
a man , sidewalk sits reading a on near newspaper a bench a . 
newspaper a sits man on reading a . bench a 
black the a jumping . white into is and dog water 
a plays in . water dog runs the and 
in the water white brown is and little dog a running . 
dog a white into . water leaps black and 
the white a water . across dog runs 
a and a man cup drinking jacket brown in . <unk> a is cap beige from 
a is drinking a and cup crouching . cap down jacket in from a and man 
in man a jacket a coffee leather . drinking 
a <unk> down to a building . crouched a man is drink next 
from man cup wall is against a <unk> a drinking a white wearing coat . 
jumping white bar dog over . black white a red and a and 
a white watches and white red a black while green . shirt dog boy a jumps pole in and over a 
a over jumping bar dog . and a white red is 
dog a pole the over with jumping background a boy in a 
on white pole over and while boy looks dog red jumps 
a a in tent a a guitar . is standing man <unk> holding in shirt white or 
guitar under man a is playing tent a a . standing 
holding a stands instrument . string man a 
. front sunglasses a wearing holding man a in guitar band equipment of stands 
<unk> man standing playing young . a alone bald a 
a cart man lying a next the . on to is grass shopping 
grass there small cart . them person is on green and a the a next lying is to 
grass shopping a lies person a cart the with . nearby on 
a . on of in person there field the a is green cart ground laying grass and a shopping 
, . is field a person large lying there one green in 
man arms <unk> folded outside a stands her a with travel . 
a store . leaning doorway a a on woman to 
her crossed store . front of a arms standing in with woman a 
outside . stands a a woman store 
blue with her by the door arms standing a folded . woman is 
black man sidewalk on . and woman wearing the at looking a and are a something 
woman man . and front of a standing in a signs 
a window and magazines in at man looking . women a 
woman street at signs the they arm his as look . a around on man puts a 
stand street a on couple together at display <unk> looking 
softball one while dog . looks another catch on a leaps to 
are is one dogs air in chasing ball the , of leaping outdoors a which the two , . 
on a dogs ball for a jump . field green two 
play in field ball . a with catch dogs two a 
a dogs grassy a small across . ball <unk> two field 
<unk> a looks on to . smiles a right and swing the boy 
. a plays swing a on boy 
. a on a riding swing boy 
and long shirt while t-shirt boy . a sleeve is swinging smiling white a wearing plaid a 
ride child a <unk> on a . 
, mud in riding bike . a covered , blue a biker all 
bike orange biker blue racing muddy in riding shirt 
white a bike helmet wearing man is shirt one orange a . an riding in 
black shirt and and orange helmet person bike white with riding 
mud the through the riding . some bike on <unk> man just 
the . dogs run grass across four black 
. black grass running over four dogs 
together four black grass on . run bright dogs green 
on field run dogs four 
grass on the , large . running the dogs are four black 
and into back a dog white water looking . goes brown while 
brown standing turned with behind river dog a its looking . in a is head 
dog wet very a in . river a 
in brown dog water standing white with a . spots 
the white and is dog the . brown in water 
. the black water dog in splashes a 
in a trees brown dog walking the background river in a with 
water dog a the . plays large in brown 
a brown the <unk> standing large is in water . dog 
shallow lake dog . is brown into walking the large a 
man a who take wearing a a both and dog are ride . sunglasses 
is riding <unk> seat a the in dog . man with his a motorcycle 
man with motorcycle rides dog a a a on 
in the with his . dog a motorcycle a sidecar rides man 
wearing a sidecar a with motorcycle goggles a dog has in . it 
is player a a and football gold in white . uniform player a blue in tackling uniform yellow another and 
ball a football on team get in the <unk> . to an players attempt 
with are . player a football an nearby players referee tackling opposing football two 
a players tackling while . a watches football third are two referee 
. another football two tackle players football player 
a a during sports . are standing men in of around a park group game 
men in the park . 
in a playing field men soccer 
field standing trees in background . men grass on a the with 
<unk> a the in are playing <unk> game men park . , <unk> shirts 
pose boxers <unk> a his <unk> boy . a in 
in underwear his left hand boy little raises his . a 
front standing wearing . in a holding a boy wall of boxers little fist is brick a up and 
with in fist the air young boy in green shorts his a 
shorts background with a only wearing <unk> a brick poses boy green . young 
a opposite shirt the from . team moves past a in a player soccer white player to run 
two in in score orange and trying black guys to soccer guy while in being white by blocked 
number going red 6 . a the around has 3 soccer number jersey ball in 
is the in the player in player white block . to red trying soccer 
. boys playing soccer three 
bicycle ground a the ramp a dirt jumping off with on a man on one foot 
. on bmx man a a 
. a performs trick a riding bicycle man mound above a a dirt 
shorts tan a and man green bicycle shirt in is young his . falling off 
dirt at trick . man on night bike mound doing a jumping 
a to . wearing a man talks a woman backpack 
man a on talks a bag near street . with to a bicycle a woman a 
a . bicycle him a street man on walks woman beside as riding 
while is , camera is backpack woman . man away the the a facing turned carrying the 
and white in black in shirt backpack is the . the man the woman blue shirt the with walking 
<unk> stares jacket black man black in beard with a . a a 
a out jacket looks . man in a 
chin . and rubs man a sits his 
the beard a hand on with with off chin his mohawk looking , into distance his a and . man 
<unk> himself man an to asian . 
speeding steers man through turn a a . a jet ski 
a are boat . speed and in men two white blue 
men two and white riding a blue jet . are ski 
trail of the in blue are a , leaving people a water . ski driving air jet two 
people ski on <unk> blue jet . a two 
near and in a a man woman . hats a stairs of flight 
a brown bow-tie in with in a hat a red man hat and woman . a flower 
a . a stands wearing red man a hat with woman wearing a hat gray 
next with stands . of hat red hat and a man a in a in hair staircase front to facial woman a a 
are man and drawing is . something their woman outside attention the and 
a in wide two stand men hats on . sidewalk 
two . men on street standing a 
on . two brick path men a the building hats beside are wearing standing 
a building stand tree-lined . men near two the sidewalk hats wearing on 
the in men stand hats street two on with . 
chewing a . on dog a is big branch 
dog big stick a a on . <unk> 
in . with dog mouth a its branch a 
on big dog little chews a a stick 
chews stick dog small big a . on 
dog with a the a frisbee onlookers in catching . background 
catch a jumping people dog frisbee watch a while to 
a frisbee <unk> catching a midair in . terrier jack 
brown white small at a dog frisbee a and competition . a catching 
a on dog an of field catching a audience frisbee front in . 
being is a . ridden a on motorcycle green racetrack wet 
bike a a man race on 
man motorcycle on wet racetrack . a green rides a a 
motorcycle a on . a around turning a racer road wet curve is 
motorcycle person green riding racing a . 
track dog a . races lean along a dirt 
a , dog while muzzle wearing and flight yellow and racing a black jersey takes 
on running yellow white a wearing and . a greyhound is black a track jacket 
eight track on the wearing race the dog runs . number white a 
the white wearing a 8 is track number . <unk> dog running down a racing 
girl on a her takes a of is leaning table friend . picture who picnic a 
one . another of outside taking is girl a girl picture 
woman of woman second leans as a . a table on she a taking one picture 
. park photos pose playfully other the for each for girls in the 
a next two women . table to picnic 
across city street a night . a man looks at 
in the . night a man at city sits 
street standing the at elderly , man an night at is gazing . outside 
man night a taken a of photograph at in street scene and street the looking a 
traffic this view street people and is a a city with night of . 
blonde on swinging swing a child . a 
swinging . and white smiling stripes skull a crossbones and child wearing with t-shirt is a 
in a . a crossbones swing a wearing skull shirt child and young 
on the the blonde played swing haired child . 
ride a young the shirt enjoying on . <unk> a in is swing girl a 
has caught bird a mouth its . a dog in black 
tall bird in a mouth . a black in with dog its grass 
. a holding bird in standing is his field a a in mouth dog black 
bird a , mouth the in grass holding . retriever in stands black its 
field something its dog . in mouth black in the has the 
a and white . a shirt a man <unk> wearing blue is black with sunglasses 
. man a sunglasses in smiles 
sunglasses wearing <unk> large a black with man 
shirt a blue man dark skinned in sunglasses with 
man and . a blue dreadlocks shirt has sunglasses the wearing 
orange along in two with is skateboarding cones bright a as course shorts in a people observe the . background man 
a shorts a in blurry pads picture . orange knee in and is man 
in helmet pads . , a knee street orange moves quickly and shorts on course , man a a 
really fast a orange man shorts in moving 
a goes through course skater . a 
a jumping a after white dog and frisbee red . tan 
is . red running the towards a frisbee white grass the dog on 
surface that a dog cut along above of is low rolling jumps white frisbee field . the red a a 
frisbee jumps red a collar white a dog red up a . after wearing 
. air dog the running the frisbee jumps the in after 
flies leaving bird big a out water . a splash of the white 
a of a flying above body water just crane 
a . a flight white lake taking water from bird 
. black white flying , bird with <unk> water legs <unk> 
is white the . water landing crane the in 
a each dog blonde black other are playing with and a . either fighting or 
a dog fighting in a white a room in black . and fenced 
other at are dogs up . jumping two each 
. other beige , the one dogs fighting two black , is 
a dogs facing their legs on hind one another in . two <unk> 
straw a a a hat wearing . man cigarette smokes 
nearby with . straw smoking crowd is a cigarette a with man a a hat 
straw the the a man hat smoking is . cigarette in 
straw a . cigarette in smokes hat the man the 
a cigarette man wearing smoking and a the hat is straw . 
blue jacket at boy a swings ball a a white bat . a wearing 
coat a a little stick hits with ball blue a in boy . a 
a boy blue baseball a a in little . jacket hits 
at ball in jacket young a a boy a bat swings a blue . 
playing jacket cap in ball the and the is a blue with . grey boy 
in in picks <unk> <unk> out grey <unk> a a . a <unk> 
look taking a is man products . a food the at 
man looking . a <unk> at 
for market a man <unk> <unk> shopping a in 
. <unk> older man an <unk> 
walks grass . beagle the a through 
black trees dog tan standing near in and a field a 
a walks dog . green through tan and brown the grass 
<unk> the hound grass through . walking outside a dog 
through dog the walking area is grassy . a 
black over dog jumps big a brown . dog a small 
black <unk> . smaller a a dog big jumping over dog 
jumps dog . a black over a dog small large brown 
jumping golden is retriever high black another dog large over , . a smaller 
dog jumping over dog is . smaller brown black a large 
race vehicle leads others a yellow large a two . in 
truck a road down . and with blue the <unk> white leads truck a <unk> truck yellow 
and followed <unk> , truck number trucks racetrack a yellow . , race number <unk> the with the number around leads by five 
an . race in trucks course obstacle 
trucks racing 
starting . <unk> one a the line crowd watches cars <unk> two as 
drag start twilight at race watches of a . a crowd the 
group cars and a watch drag fire a the beginning . from of the at see people race the 
at at the the look . people cars a drag race from coming flames 
take the . off drag the starting racers line 
. bandanna face person his and which nose a a red black a has over , has mask a , 
scary . person mask a a in 
wearing a person clown a mask scratching or chin . his is her 
the . wearing mask to clown a looks person a right 
a . a wears mask person 
while photo a a group a . a does man young for of bike people jump pose group 
on ramp person bike a . jumping a off a over crowd a 
topless a a on bike a . jumping guy ramp 
bicyclist ramp bike off cheer people as a his rides a 
as people a rides midair cheer man in bike bmx a 
rides a the shirt bicyclist through with woods green a 
woods green biking a the man in . in 
a man bike a . a trail woodland riding is on mountain 
a a wooded through rides a . man trail bike 
. is area along a a a dirt heavy trail in riding mountain wooded biker 
skateboard a person on . a downhill 
and helmet skateboard a and red on a is person silver a . wearing jumpsuit kneeling 
hill a down helmet wearing to street a ride . begins a skateboard person a 
street . skateboards the on helmets down people in racing 
a . people on ride skateboards road 
paper in two a pile play of <unk> toilet . children 
in one and , <unk> . a two , sitting bathroom standing one are 
little bathroom in two . the playing children 
little . playing bathroom in the two with paper kids toilet 
paper playing toilet young with children . two 
a at game boy . a goalie soccer plays 
goal going a to <unk> ball goalie dives . the into from the 
a as the other stand . soccer in kids blocks a goal a background game during kid 
a ball goal soccer for near boy dives . a a young 
goal front of the is soccer . boy blonde stretching the in 
the in black . water dog a 
water walking dog a is . black the through 
black through walking a water . dog 
walks . water the through black dog a 
a dog of a is water . body in dark 
turn group people riding bicycles street on a of . a 
the bicycles group on of racing street large a 
in line compete men race bicycles of on a a 
a race of a . make crowd sharp a turn in <unk> tight 
a of race cyclists ride during . lots 
front a brown of white women in sniffing dog is 2 dog a . 
of large a golden white dog sniffing butt dog the a 
<unk> building two . into leashes dogs a are being on 
with leash dogs one women white two at an another open . and two are on tan doorway 
large dogs two while their other <unk> watch . owners 
fountain few . playing ground and are a a water in the adults on children 
couple of number of . through a adults , a and kids urban fountain in an <unk> wade , 
people near fountain in barefoot a a stand water are children and . city gathered 
area at a a public with people park . <unk> 
the . day fountain a sunny on play in people 
biker . bike front a somersault a doing the crowd of with a in 
onlookers jump while performing watch . biker 
people of a bicycle a lot of someone doing trick a front flipping in . red on 
large athlete as watched . the <unk> the trick crown a 
bike . the does the trick <unk> bmx an on rider red 
a is man jumping . <unk> a across 
another man <unk> to from one building a jumping 
a onto jumps man building off large ground a the . 
jumps <unk> man . onto of one a another off 
man one another . young a jumps from balcony to 
in background rollerskating the people . four spectators with 
an around <unk> four area women rollerskating . 
women four <unk> . 
participate . in women roller a three derby 
. in skaters a on rink athletic women skating equipment 
on back . a his a tire riding on motorcycle man 
bike black friend a catches as sport . on wheelie bike a a does his up yellow a man on 
is popping a . wheelie yellow a motorcyclist 
wheel motorcycle a on driving is rider orange one . the 
wheelie motorcyclists two on road one rider . a blurry doing , a 
water a behind boy him running swimming and swimming . cap child wearing another a goggles with through 
. water the swimmers some in 
swim boys blue . lake a in wearing swim matching two caps 
two the boys caps murky . water in blue with swim 
in swim blue boys young . wading caps 
from <unk> . darkened emerges a a an in <unk> backyard fire of 
man <unk> . fire a 
. fire fence , a a <unk> <unk> by man 
<unk> a night making photo a person . of a 
fire houses and two 
uniforms and girls two . playing white with are orange soccer 
in girls ball jerseys running toward soccer a two 
in soccer jerseys two playing girls red 
soccer two ball girls a soccer . in running after uniforms red 
red two after a and white strips soccer ball little in . girls are chasing 
a an . wearing and skateboarder helmet orange orange shirt 
men skateboards riding . 
with men , both helmets large wheels skateboards wearing . , on two 
orange , one and two . has on skateboards helmet an men 
high at men skateboards speed . two 
and a black . a open an on sleeping umbrella in with black is black person bench red 
man . bench sitting an a on umbrella himself <unk> is a with 
on sitting an bench nap a up sun open with park the from man <unk> a him . a umbrella taking 
bench man for sleeping under shade umbrella on 
the and is red in bench on under . umbrella a black person laying black a 
the bright a and wig pink yellow and ocean , a person shirt looking at away facing a . wearing 
with . hair is out a a pink across and looking shirt neon person yellow beach 
with hair person a looking a beach out pink . at 
a on wig the a standing of pink wearing . girl shore beach 
beach is a wearing person . at wig pink the the 
to . catch about dog frisbee a a green brown 
catching the come for it before frisbee . to a waits brown down dog 
a catching a dog . frisbee 
. catch a dog to a frisbee ready gets 
with dog flying disc grass playing in standing green 
large grass tail on a a is dog with fluffy running , . , white 
runs grass on a dog the white . 
large on white dog grass running 
dog white running the . is 
grass white on the dog running 
brown water playing in a is with ball dog . the a 
. water its brown a is a through dog carrying mouth ball running in 
to in dog mouth water the catch ball has . into his run a a 
in ball with a dog water its mouth a running through 
waters in catches . ball dog yellow shallow 
the dog <unk> a water black white and . in 
the black leaps water and through white . a dog 
the dog water . in running a black-and-white 
white and dog a water . black beach runs at white through the a 
and ocean dog through white the running the is . black 
. in pick dress a stands girl upside a down 
pink girl her on a a in dress head is standing . 
. handstand pink tutu a on a couch a girl a in doing 
pink tutu a head on her in a girl standing . 
handstand wearing . girl a a does pink 
a . skateboard a while in trick being air man <unk> doing 
performs trick a a skateboard man . 
against wall trick his . does a with boy skateboard teenager a a 
is skateboarding boy . the 
shirt a skateboarder ramp wearing white jumps and the a . jeans 
riding yellow car plastic on a . girl small a toy 
plastic a watches in background vehicle . rides another while the a toddler 
plastic car a on child yellow riding a young 
, child with and wheeled yellow . riding 's background child in , legs adult toy another 
girls , red two and yellow are cars . one riding plastic one 
across dark field little running a three haired girls . 
. three field of running a girls are in a on front fence 
three field a outside girls run . in 
field run a building three in a with background the on . grassy girls 
soccer girls little run . three on field a 
in suburban on a orange a his man shirt skateboard . street flips an 
a trick a performing . with in an a red a shirt man is sidewalk aerial on skateboard 
residential a board the . on in air above skateboarder his street a 
the on a of man up in . front street his skateboard jumps a house off young 
flip skateboard and is with a . red the wearing shirt doing aerial a his guy 
boy a a is down hanging upside . tire from swing 
his is tire through upside-down sticking head a boy swinging a . with 
a in down child swing . horizontal upside a tire 
is young a beneath head a hanging swing . gravel down in it with tire boy 
young hangs and blue boots , jeans a grey sweater down a wearing a tire boy swing upside in . 
bicycle front of girl . in rides a in pink a <unk> a 
down girl in . bike on a and purple the a little pink street riding pink 
young cafe past a . girl rides a a bicycle 
in is pink bike store a her a a boardwalk on of young girl . front wearing riding 
a many a . girl stores on street near riding bike 
volleyball play . four girls 
are four background on . ship woman in passes huge playing a as beach a the 
playing beach are in suits . the women four on bathing 
a women on . are playing slightly beach overweight bikinis in 
volleyball in near the women . playing the ocean sand 
hand a a man another . holding on his arm who of has tattoo man the 
standing up of is is is holding . man man another hand sitting that a that down the 
tattooed hat man the . of arm a <unk> a man another wearing 
's elderly and at man holding another is . an man hand looking 
cap in an brown . older a a gentleman arm gentleman 's younger looking at 
two together lawn or on . fighting <unk> a playing 
fight . grass dogs on two the 
together . play dogs two 
dogs the grass in two . wrestle 
some <unk> trees two . are large near teeth dogs fighting with 
golden haired water shallow dog walking a through 
a dog water large through walking 
in walking dog brown large water . shallow 
dog through water light brown . walking 
in walks dog . water orange shallow 
while a railing and near purple is holding candy is hanging a blue . dress street a on girl a 
colorful black near and in <unk> fence a girl little plays holds a a boots dress a . and 
. a posing boots <unk> girl dress and is next a pop little a a and holding fence in to 
has a boots fence . girl young onto and a holds the wearing black <unk> 
and dress fence little wearing holding <unk> and girl boots 
towards a yard children in running camera grassy the three . little 
are three . kids yard on a little playing 
running three the toddlers a grassy are yard towards . in camera 
through . young a yard walking are children three grassy 
two little the and running grass . on one are boy girls little 
along a swimming bark dog its a in with mouth . ocean the 
. stick a swimming a dog though holding water 
in . with swimming a mouth a dog its stick 
dog city of front holding . large stick in a mouth a a skyline in swims his 
with . swimming its mouth the in water dog in stick a 
football <unk> player a . mid a football in holding 
running with a is player a football football . 
player with is a pursued . football player football another by a being 
pursued strip ball player a . another footballer white a an the black is strip carrying being who by american is in in 
the from player player football is by the ball football team holding opposing another chased one 
dog leaping is a into . pool swimming a white 
white a a jumping . into dog pool 
into dog white jumps pool a . a 
pool dog white jumps into a . a swimming 
pool white blue into the . the dog jumps 
playground four a boys are playing at 
four boys a . are playground playing wooden at 
merry-go-round on a a park boys four in . playing 
wheel park four playing . boys the <unk> on at a 
. park a at four on a play boys merry-go-round 
alongside standing a elderly orange in street an overalls person is bright . 
overalls a wearing on the sidewalk orange . stands person 
a in sidewalk woman red . overalls stands on 
the the man in . the sidewalk red on stands overalls 
overalls red sidewalk standing woman in on the . 
and black player wearing . hockey blue a in player <unk> with white another 
on ice players the . hockey collide 
front player white in hockey . player blue tumbling of in ice the is in the 
on against ice the hockey while each skating other two . players <unk> 
hockey collide players two opposing . 
being game . football a tackled a during player 
football the a has arms holding his person player the around . ball wrapped 
a blue tackled football orange in in . being player player a by 
young wearing boy wrestle him orange tries . the is blue in football the to as a ground with boy running the to 
being orange in is has football and the tackled boy jersey . 
blue in . is man a rock shirt climbing a 
of cliff climbing with . <unk> in rocky the is cords help a a man blue up 
climbing a rock view . of overhead guy an 
attached . person red and tall climbs , a blue blue very up ropes in cliff by a 
a . up rock makes way mountain his climber the 
a leaps lake . from into in cliff blue a shorts man 
jumping in man a . rock a off into trunks swimming a lake 
the rock from jumps a . man a water into 
a . the water man jumps into shirtless 
into water man acrobatic leap the the an young . takes 
bicycle mountain on on a a rides . man a 
up his . way on his grassy makes a mountain path bicycle biker red a 
. red bicycle a a rides biker on up a hill mountain 
<unk> . backpack with a ridge a a mountain biker 
yellow in someone mountain bike . on a red a biking jacket 
pink child splashing in puddle a red a behind truck wearing the is boots . 
a a kid jumps in puddle . 
her jumps girl a in puddle in . boots rain a little 
mud little into . a is rain with to about boots a puddle her jump girl flower 
is puddle rain off muddy into water . a a of little girl jumping wearing boots sidewalk the 
standing boy . in a while shorts in kicks shallow water 
. a water in doing standing kick boy a 
leg and boy a over the leg water standing . up held with in one one surface 
the little kicking feet is . a up his in water boy 
his in boy up leg young while . kicks water standing the a 
men . a of group soccer play 
. from player the rugby has a the in his with hands <unk> pack ball 
a men uniforms playing in game red 
ball to gets in red rugby ready player toss the . 
in game of a <unk> competing <unk> are rugby 
dog <unk> in a . dog <unk> training a to 
a dog wearing jacket . green bright a 
jacket wearing green guard school fluffy is a . a dog <unk> an for 
wearing a on jacket a white dog yellow . a leash is 
on jacket wearing lease yellow puddle a white a school a 
black . dogs red leash and a pulling brown a 
chewing black dog a on . leash red a 
dog his a on red . leash chews 
a holds in of his leash dark color mouth a . red dog 
. dog red on <unk> his leash a 
patch a on and black brown . small dog other stand surrounding weeds dirt a each large by dog near a grass and 
on with dog a . a grey brown surface them dog large small a weeds behind and rocky 
<unk> has . small a large black dog his on back a dog the of brown 
him a . is gives when small <unk> dog larger a brown black dog a <unk> 
dog brown of the smaller dog a back black sniffs . the 
. on trampoline bouncing a a boy 
a on jumping trampoline . boy a 
a boy jumps a . trampoline on 
in little jumps a trampoline sleeved white . on a a long t-shirt boy 
. trampoline house outside boy on jumps 
playing a is dog white . with a a and sheep field in black 
a sheep and . dog together run 
. sheep <unk> a dog a 
sheep chases a dog . a 
sheep the dog is and white the . herding black 
on bed a bounces pink wearing a girl 
jumping little landing a a a blue pink a bed on split in girl leotard and <unk> is in . 
young girl open her jumping . mouth with a 
a pink in . little jumping shirt girl is kitty hello 
in a the midair does leg . girl splits pink 
racetrack being motorcycle . is on blue a a driven 
sharp a racer take a . leaning over to motorcycle turn 
motorcycle into leaning curve motorcyclist a a his with is 
sharp a race track the takes a on turn motorcycle . 
a making a turn motorcyclist sponsored is on racing a . circuit 
on a . monkey another jumping towards a rock monkey is smooth 
a . monkey small another jumping monkey of is small on top 
structure another jumping . near a on one of monkey monkey wooden top is 
watches . another there while monkey one small monkey is jumping 
wall small <unk> each a <unk> other brown with . fighting on 
in midair is on a . rollerblader a ramp 
air the above a rollerblader ramp . in 
in skateboarder . ramps in pose midair black on 
skateboarder <unk> from another to . one jumping 
young boys three ramp skateboarding a . are on 
on motocross a is hill . rider dirt a 
a green motorcycle riding person is a . 
. biker midair helmet dirt a bike riding green with 
dirt green path motorcycle . moving fast down 
motorcycle a over going . rider <unk> 
empty a people . rain two <unk> at , in except seats for green stadium 
empty two and sitting are wearing surrounded people . by the seats green down 
<unk> in sit fans in stadium <unk> a green . two 
sit green an <unk> in people two in stadium empty . 
that in bleachers blue two <unk> wearing are <unk> . empty sit people green 
his by . <unk> fan painting his face showing football a 
something face . with from is person at crowd within staring a a paint 
fan face in stands paint sports a the . is wearing 
yellow , painted face and . , <unk> their with white fan blue 
bleachers face in paint football is with person sitting the and the jersey 
down black and stair . in jeans skating rail a shirt boy a a 
railing . a a down goes skateboarder 
a a performing in teenager . a public stairway on trick 
a trick rollerblading . with man helmet while performing 
boy teenage steep grinding rail . the a a on is skateboard 
silver and and . three a man a with car woman bikes a 
. man woman car bicycles stand silver by a with a and 
. are three silver a bicycles man woman and a , car by resting 
a car . bikes two by with stand silver bicyclists three 
. car 3 riders at standing bike with bikes parked the two 
a in play of a a toddler in boy a . front fountain and building young 
are playing small two sprinkler . in children <unk> a 
a fountain playing two toddlers water in are . 
pants one standing , with on . without floor two toddlers , a sprinklers , one topless water 
in young . play boys two fountain a 
. of white a people on a for <unk> photo a are porch gathered group 
front a red in of white <unk> building group are of people a . sitting brick and 
building on sitting people . of brick the a group a are porch of 
a of front in a . red people house gather group of 
building group <unk> of ten a a of people posing outside 
girl a bend . does the back on beach a 
. the back a doing at beach girl a bend 
performs a . the in a back water ocean girl bend 
blue doing on a , bend bathing back woman in and red the suit . white a beach a 
a suit the stars a young , and does a flip back in beach on stripes . bathing , girl 
puppy toy . fetches ring in a yellow the cute a chew yard 
toy its across a the running . a grass with is mouth yellow in puppy 
a the grass in through with yellow tan toy a dog mouth . is running its 
tan its with a mouth toy collar dog with red . a yellow in a runs 
mouth holding fluffy rings while running golden grass in yellow puppy through 
on . head boy at looks camera wearing sunglasses his a the 
with child a dirt shirt and a sunglasses . with filled 
shirt young with standing playground is child a dirty a a on 
in dirty and child in white sunglasses standing yard shirt 
set boy . his near standing little who dirt swing played in the has 
the has . in dog that a water ball a <unk> chases 
the dog at water on another looks as in log splash . a dog on a a looks 
stream in a playing dogs 
water the staring two at are splash dogs a in 
dogs water look two splashing at something . the in 
a fountain children playing in 
four children fountain city plaza a are a . playing in water in 
children four playing in water <unk> . 
the . in around kids little jumping are sprinklers 
playing children three . a fountain in 
<unk> a shirt young at woman poses outdoors in and . a bandanna table smiling 
dressed blue woman a for in a posing picture 
a a picture shirt and blue table at headscarf a in for sitting picnic poses woman . a 
a a blue at table tan woman shirt shorts and sits in a . 
with t-shirt on light a matching a woman sits headscarf made . of chair and blue stone 
door a of in they cutout . couple swimming acting a are front like fish 
pretending swimming blue a by they fish with a to and are woman man door double standing be . and 
door of dances holds another front as blue fish a her a . in man breath 
swim the doors of . two blue pretend two t-shirts to front in people in 
in <unk> be water to fish next the with pretending two a . to door people 
mountain to sitting top attached of a climbers two on are ropes . 
atop red men helmets two . a in sit rocky cliff 
mountain climbers . mountain a sit on two 
in helmets ropes a the <unk> wearing high bright orange sitting . to people on two are mountains rocky connected 
smiling <unk> . mountain with sit poles a ridge climbers two 
runs the black and . towards camera white a dog 
the dog runs a on white grass . and black 
jumping the a dog white towards camera 
dog black outside running white and . 
. grass on is black the the dog white and 
of in snow his the head red pokes the tent out . a man 
<unk> out colorful of . a from field snow person tent in a peeks a 
person inside . snow of a by poses a surrounded tent 
that is tent snow inside a woman by smiles surrounded red a . from 
her tent the pokes snow to that out . <unk> everywhere is hiker of 
a stove for child white black kitchen reaches in a a shirt 
. the stove <unk> pants and a little with playing a is striped kid on in shirt a black 
a a in is for kitchen <unk> in red . reaching pants white <unk> a stove toddler 
reaching toddler a a touch to stove . is up 
white the stove touches . the toddler 
performing a some jump trees a is cyclist . by 
man bike a jumping a . doing trees trick by surrounded 
bicyclist trees doing front trick jumping in . of 
bike in bike jumping his on the rider . high woods very 
through . bicycle is stunt man the a on the the doing air 
bucket net child a bucket one water of and a through running a child . filling another 
children cleaning two . village in water their 
two them <unk> children behind can blue and a sits watering . water 
children two container pail and a water a of outside watering near 
a container large gathering from are small water children two . 
skateboard brick with boy a wall a performing a on tricks . 
steps the . side skateboarding guy on of a 
a wall on next stairs to tricks doing . skateboarder a brick 
on wall a is balancing a . skateboarder brick 
the his on edge the skateboard himself of skateboarder . is balancing a wall and brick 
at one . follows boy another the park 
the other . of walking is ahead one child 
walking two in park a in children coats 
. two through children park young are walking a 
outside young walking are . kids two 
motorcycle a rides racetrack biker a a on 
track on . races a blue a motorcycle man a 
motorcycle its the turns rider while racing a . motorcycle side on 
. takes a motorcyclist corner a 
a race a car turning is a <unk> . on in bicycle driver racetrack 
looking the cat by is black . that window a <unk> the dog sitting at is 
cat on by . sit dog table and it a with a toys 
<unk> a . cat watches a is a basket with while dog black playing 
and <unk> big kitten looking black wooden <unk> at . basket the dog 
apartment the the pets play in . 
a girl arm in raises her . blue uniform a 
cheerleader is young a cheering 
in in of . group cheerleader young front uniform blue members cheering dressed band of a a female a is 
right hand a costume and on blue arm . her a young cheerleading while girl <unk> up is holds in her white her other 
and in uniform girl doing white blue cheers 
. a black white grass on a dog bites dog the 
dog <unk> at is a brown the . dog 's face white 
brown at a white <unk> a dog . dog 
dog a bites a dog brown white playfully . 
one dog dog a bite makes . on another playful 
dark a and girl . on haired stand the haired dark boy grass 
red with children two outside . walking van house parked a a are towards 
. house two front in the of grass children in a 
outside . the play children in two yard 
grass kids near the car in . two play red a 
a a at racket ball his man tennis swings . 
playing no tennis with man is shirt a . 
shirt . tennis man without playing a a 
ball to a man shirtless ready tennis a is getting . hit 
in tennis shirtless an fenced-in area playing a man . 
on sitting by tree a a is the . sidewalk man 
a sidewalk man . sits a on 
a man a a on curb in . park city sitting 
outside . the little sidewalk on sitting boy 
tree the power shaped through stump a , sits man lines an unusual near 
a dog with homeless . black in street stands the man a 
shopping with a dog a items a and , full cart of man . 
a man dog . are an standing <unk> his with and cart old 
and to street an large dog belly next shopping cart a on filled is . man with old a a the 
cart of next to scruffy stuff full a a man standing dog . shopping fat is and a 
players and sand . volleyball talk together beach the walk on two 
bathing . in walks the across sand two women suits 
the two women bikinis . their in in sand stand 
. sand bikinis wearing walking the women on are two 
on . a wearing women two bikinis beach sandy 
up a smiles and as holds peace a sign her a . behind white girl in poses shirt someone 
head smiles a her while makes girl <unk> boy behind a . sign a 
camera giving boy bunny for smiling girl with ears her 
shirt making ears . rabbit behind standing head behind with her smiling with girl boy white 
young . by rabbit young ears the boy girl the her <unk> is behind 
a girl swinging 
a girl swing small a toddler in 
young smiling girl while a . is swinging 
. white pink blonde in girl swinging and dress 
dress . the in striped child wearing pink swinging a the young is 's girl swing 
in blue out a with mouth of his baby . ball a a comes pool dog 
is a paddling the a with ball pool playing in dog . 
with plays . dog a ball a kiddie in a pool 
. pool football with a small in dog splashing a small a 
a white . dog black plays blue pool a ball the and with in 
wall a of poses like a man front dressed brick a <unk> . in 
a front with a in a brick wall wearing <unk> pants jacket and tight man a <unk> <unk> stands <unk> of . leather 
a clothes and . of poses with brick a jewelry lot man a against rock punk wall 
long man a stands and wall lot of a . jewelry with by hair blond a 
older <unk> with an long wearing blond a man hair outfit 
one out boy both on leg a sticking standing , with a is man . <unk> , one there at and arm 
outdoors are men <unk> posing . two 
train men posing a two legs with up background the their in with 
and arms two . put legs to out their men the side 
two on stretched standing with their out young the leg on arms are one men . both street 
the in a on swimming dog pool a edge the another of . and pool dog 
in a . dog another while a pool swims watches 
swims the in deck dog from pool while dog another the . watches a 
a dog black while a looks tan in brown and dog . on pool a swims 
dogs a pool playing two in 
a a face . his human sniffs foot puppy on resting that is 
<unk> dog a front in of it fuzzy with foot black . 
a black . puppy sniffing human bare foot 's 
dog resting foot . on person 's fluffy black 
foot <unk> by puppy . is being a the black 
dress . woman shopping a large a is along street a <unk> <unk> in carrying bags elderly green 
striped walks woman a in . dress a with bags shopping 
carrying large . bags woman 
older shopping striped street , down , white jacket with in woman dress bags . walks 
the with down walking bags grocery woman street 
rocket shooting off a . the men at a two boy beach water and 
on a front of people standing . some in are group boats the beach of 
front <unk> of air of . in group <unk> a an a rocket people 
<unk> rocket to <unk> a a use lady a boy . <unk> and a little a at 
off something . made with boy little <unk> water a 
a grey with . dog and black a is outside blue playing ball 
a with on dog ball the a is playing . grass 
ball with a blue dog playing a 
blue . grass the a on gray a ball dog soccer chases 
a blue soccer his downhill pushing nose dog a . is <unk> with ball 
. a blue and in white a is shirt white helmet bike boy a riding 
riding skate a in blue his . park boy bike a in is 
a bmx on a boy bike 
front on a asphalt wheel riding their on the cyclist . 
black is on a bike white . man and the 
chases over small a . the girl pink gravel driveway ball a 
at is in ball parking a girl , small . and a pink looking lot a black 
a . girl after is green chasing the little the in ball dress pink 
after her ball pink girl chasing . is soccer the little 
pink playing small the ball young with is . girl white a rocks on 
. and white dog , brown a a green running garden in black beside fence a grassy is 
. is dog through the galloping a grass 
a , lawn green runs lush . dog a through 
grass the on green tri-colored . dog running a is 
grass fenced running through in area dog . in 
his man in . in jacket sand the to raising a the orange an hands sky 
man jacket in orange sky an a a background on . stands with blue sand 
on blue around him a bright sky is sand . standing man with a outside 
reaching on sky and standing a sand to man the dune a . 
at man . sand of the top screaming a dune 
. asian two other smile each hugging while children 
and children hug <unk> . other two each 
. hug two smile children and 
the smile two for children camera . 
kids two each hugging other . 
jumps a while skateboard in on suit looks man . a a a boy 
a walks as past a . skateboarder flies the steps over man 
of a stairs over a set skateboarder jumps . 
skateboarder trick a a . performs 
skateboard person in a the on air 
. looks up woman sewing at sitting a a machine 
is with . woman glasses a sewing 
a by works woman machine . a sewing 
sewing colorful woman at machine shirt in . works 
working . woman with at a machine glasses sewing 
field in large . are about running there dogs a two 
running with background . in fence trees in grass and dogs brown two the 
field run brown a . two grassy dogs through 
are two field grassy dogs in running a 
by fence green running . red in two a grass dogs 
past to goalie , soccer parallel in man air the a . the the kick trying is ball 
kick the ball the of in the red flying . soccer player with another towards in looks member on goal player team <unk> white a as 
is air goal into the soccer a ball kick player to the . soccer jumping the into 
player is kick soccer goal a towards a making flying the . 
soccer sideways air kick . the in to the leaps a ball player 
a in splashes water brown the dog . 
of out leaps towards shore a dog the water . 
a shore body water the of dog . near a of 
towards dog the water a . shore jumping the tan through 
water the the of brown jumping dog is out 
on a bike a his guy doing <unk> 
a wall off person bicycle is . a trick a hooded of a sweatshirt in doing 
grey in a person on . a riding wall a bike brick is 
of a young a bike wall a riding person brick the side on 
wearing . wall a sweater a white a riding bicycle youth on along a 
standing stairs his a with the arms on is folded . boy 
blue . and arms his child while and carpeted a white in on smiles a red standing striped crosses shirt stairs 
red child is <unk> carpeted a . beside on a stair standing a 
young on boy blond a staircase smiling standing a 
boy stairs the . smiling on little 
. on boy a a trick skateboard a does 
of flips . a man concrete his flat on skateboard <unk> a 
in jumping a skateboarder street the . 
boy while skateboard teenage a boy skateboard rides another trick doing a the on . in a background 
trick performing skateboards one riding guys them two jump of . with a 
a the a jumps off rock man water into 
rocks jump water swimmers <unk> above from . 
two pool a from boys mountain rocks . green jump into 
into . <unk> and the rocks water jump off below people two the 
jumping the tall are rock the two swimmers off into . water 
trick . boy skateboard the in a a courtyard city european of does a 
is a trick in skateboard his brown shirt . a doing a boy on 
in a . building of teen doing skateboard trick a a front 
young skateboard public a a does . man place a trick in 
. man jumps a riding young skateboard a high while 
holding a sliding rope child handles onto . across a 
down a as little is . a and holding no shirt he flies on in handles to boy rope shorts black 
down boy a zip hill young on . line and a is holding a riding 
a ladder the young with . a red line on in zip a background boy 
the young rides line a boy in blonde zip . woods 
high above a the the of terrain top a surrounding climber cliff . approaches 
a a high climber rocky over . a bridge hanging on is ledge 
in is climbing a the air high cliff man a . 
a is scaling large cliff a man 
a top climber rock steep high a <unk> face . , the mountain of 
busy a is standing street . a couple on small with a child 
family front car in . silver a of area standing <unk> a in a is 
family cross waits a . a busy street to 
in in blue in , woman silver stand . and car the , before man white blue a child 
wait child a to . adults cross a two and street 
a pitbull mouth . a in brindle bike holds its tire dirt 
a mouth carrying in its . tire a brown dog 
wearing dog a . collar large on a brown tire chain is a chewing 
with a attempts up pick dog a mouth . its tire to large 
tire with a . dog tiger plays a striped 
brown over a white and are hills grassy running black dog dog . a and 
next on a two hill grassy . dogs each running other to are 
grassy in field a small with in two motion dogs trees . 
field two in . dogs play a 
through field . dogs a two running 
fire are a <unk> . <unk> 
a building lots stand of . <unk> outside burning smoke with 
just and smoke <unk> the are flames the . under 
in is huge some group a watching a fire distance buildings <unk> in of there the . 
<unk> from three a coming fire and building . smoke from duck 
shirt boy a a the a air flip in is in . back doing blue 
back a a a pants flip in doing man jacket a and on jean area grassy jean is . 
dressed performing a in blue back flip person . a 
. person does the in dressed white blue with shoes back flip grass in light a a 
in outside grass doing the . person <unk> 
orange tops women group of are all <unk> orange wearing a skirts <unk> and . 
suits bathing . a group of orange women <unk> in and 
of in a orange stand group other swimsuits a , each to talking in group . women 
in women around of a outfits stand group young hula orange . 
attire orange females clothed many <unk> in 
. are a of picture a group for workers posing 
behind men four posing a . are <unk> <unk> 
counter . standing that on has and four <unk> are it tips men jar a a <unk> behind 
<unk> behind <unk> four men standing <unk> jar and . 
store men a stand . in advertising at t-shirts dogs hot three counter 
man . a on a road across dirt rides bike motorized a 
a man . a rides <unk> on motorbike a hill 
is dirt . hill on up a a sandy a person bike riding 
a dirt a riding . bike person 
riding a bike . track on man dirt a dirt 
in man . a and train of a a woman front 
woman a look is a the man right on the talking cellphone . , to and man 
station at woman a phone train a and on a talking man are his 
him young a is front man behind . in cellphone train on with of woman 
, on two , a the . front phone train one of people in 
skateboards cement wall . boy on a a 
man trick on a doing a skateboard 
wall grinds a on . a man rollerblades 
cement wall along skates . man 
the of on the standing is . man front building white in wall the 
at bicycler a bike event . a is riding a racing 
<unk> riding helmet a a cyclist is by some wearing . black black 
goes a . bicycle on down a person street the 
being <unk> bicycle <unk> 
helmet wearing a man on gear and bicycle racing 
a blonde going hill girl little a . up 
up a green hill a shirt shorts near little <unk> and running girl pink a a in grassy . is 
steep walking a up a is girl . young grassy hill 
the . the shirt running is picnic with her up green a child hill in the table behind 
walking slope the child . is the haired little blond up 
a swimsuit in <unk> a in playing boy water is . 
a boy water stands next to a in . jet of shorts 
two child play dogs water and a in the . 
. in in shorts a a child fountain black splashing is 
the arm <unk> his the plays spray <unk> in over to a right water , boy sprinklers . young 
a a boy . surfboard in on midair 
surfer in air . hangs the the over water a 
. over the with a surfboard man waves a jumps young 
ocean the in young . surfing man 
in white surfboard the a . water t-shirt youth in white on 
his in hind and mouth a black on a with frisbee his dog legs white 
a a dog a frisbee black park at catches . 
white orange bandanna . a an frisbee a with catches black dog 
behind crowd a large people in a black a . of with and frisbee park is the him white catching dog 
the . frisbee dog catching 
beside a mouth along running the a beach a dog catching brown is in stick its dog . midair black in 
while catch . shore on a the a brown dog black to light runs a stick dog up jumps 
brown a into a leaps a the dog on next air to bay black . dog sandy 
on runs a beach jumps black dog brown brown , , . and dog 
are playing two dogs together 
four skateboards in helmets on people racing 
road people on down racing . a are skateboards 
. skateboards on a track people racing around 
the <unk> . skate people four at road the on speed high 
racers are skateboard road coming a . the curve in around the 
a is . blue some over jumping <unk> motorcycle colored 
. ramp biker dirt a on a lands 
a jumps blue motorcycle . over ramp a riding a man 
ramp motorcyclist a a jumping on 
. rides motorcyclist colorful held <unk> a a by up down ramp 
high guy skateboard on a jumps his . 
<unk> male . skateboarder a is midair 
in . man a skateboard a midair on 
while watch flies skateboarder air the . others a <unk> 
riding is youth a a . <unk> the airborne amongst basketball skateboard 
a the a game ball . carries during football player 
ball him tries to catches football player the tackle another . as a 
with ball football the from a <unk> in . jersey to an player <unk> tries the orange 
a player is tackled . football getting 
football orange arms uniform the the ball in player . in his has the 
. running along the her on , road a is side a wall casting of woman shadow concrete a 
concrete wall . a a jogs woman beside tall 
woman . beside wall a a runs concrete 
the beside . road woman jogging 
running on sidewalk woman 
while black them <unk> dressed onlookers , football watch white and in team a for and orange behind a play <unk> . 
fingers football his <unk> forward the a <unk> . the checks launches while 
. and orange football leg helmet white wearing the player while swing him a kneels next chairs player to the his 
a front . in football of the are crowd off two in kick position player 
team on on orange white same while the watch <unk> two and other young playing and football field uniforms wearing players men an and . outside are 
and hat in a a pink child a with and pink grass shirt standing . white 
is a and in field pink little a football . snow girl standing <unk> a hat on football 
and shirt a field small hat in a white pink , , child . standing wearing grass a <unk> 
girl grassy . a a field a stands pink young on hat wearing 
pink with . the background yellow a building hat on a a young girl with in 
of wave crashes against . a the kayaker the <unk> 
one with boat person a wild <unk> in on red only river a lone a 
<unk> rough a rapids a . man through kayak 
a person <unk> . 
this . rapids the <unk> faces a a person in kayak red in 
be women elderly talking next . two car a from wall seen a to can 
. talk <unk> bags road women two on sidewalk a holding the near 
seen wall a older the vehicle near women of parked from . seat as driver a two conversing 's 
their older stand two bags . outdoors with talk women and 
to two . stand women next carrying a outside wall bags 
the at dog teeth <unk> one on other dogs . sand two running 
they as the its water bearing other run is teeth beside one the at two dogs dog . 
his at other dog on teeth right . the two dogs the <unk> the is 
three . are sand a dogs lake near through running the 
. the of shore lake a three dogs on fighting 
. red hair a short closeup a with of woman 
and neon with girl a hair . eyebrows red 
to with red . girl in be <unk> a red hair and appears eyebrows 
hair someone talks a with eyebrows to and woman . bright outside red red 
, her a , hair has back tattoo eyebrows . red her the and and on <unk> ear girl in 
the . kayaker <unk> rapids a 
through . <unk> kayaker paddles rapids a 
<unk> man water a . wild kayaking in 
blue through river in rapids canoeing a person . canoe a 
and . in person kayak over kayak splashing and person with up water 
black a on the cob eating haired . corn is girl 
the on eating . is a a cob corn of man piece 
is man corn ear <unk> an a of on 
with a hair ear of is very large person eating dark . a corn 
black the . is corn eating child cob the hair with on 
rail . across on , guy a sliding rollerblades a 
rail a man . is a down rollerblading 
rollerblader riding handrail a . a 
a air near through a railing skater the leaps 
<unk> . in across slides skateboarder rail 
. up of racers start group a to lined motocross 
field on of bikes in dirt sitting a grassy are . people group a 
. group of a on a field people racing bikes on 
of . their motorcycles a on people are sitting line 
grass on of up line row the a motorbikes in . men 
a . while girl outside playing laughs 
laughs little outside and a . girl walks 
carrying , on smiling one walking toy hand . in girl a , a a road 
smiling girl . street the plays in a 
. walks and a as toy little she is pink the girl on the path blue carrying 
catching frisbee white and dog is black a a 
black and . dog a is frisbee a catching white 
. catching a dog a frisbee 
catches black white in dog and frisbee a a field green with a . spots bright pink 
flying catch jumps disc dog to . a the 
and at <unk> his dog trainer a a 
through a a jumps . with dog bandanna hoop 
dog a . over girl hurdle leads a her 
competition dog red . woman black a a and a grey spotted a bandanna in through leading 
alongside a her as dog hurdle he woman jumps runs . a 
one one jersey football orange player starting an white wearing a . jersey and set are at the wearing line 
off face to two players . college football about 
to getting are ready each players tackle other two football 
play on and field the an in . jersey football , players two , orange one jersey white one a in 
to football head head rival . two players 
man and reading a a is wearing leather sitting and . a coat black cap book black 
sitting shirt at black a pants outdoor a wearing a , table white and reading hat coat an and man . 
of older building man outside . a at table a a reading book an 
book sitting reading . a older man an outside 
, reading a a sitting in book . an old chair man 
up man is ramp skateboarding . a a 
hits a skate skateboarder the a curve . park top the at of 
is . skateboarding the man white a shirt in 
tricks on skateboard . the the in man performs park skateboarding his 
white . in ramp on t-shirt the skateboarder riding is the wooden a 
the laying a bikini on and girl . glasses on a black towel , hat in white beach a 
bikini in girl wears beach . a a the a hat black at 
is a cap a beach bikini in black pink in the a on . laying woman 
and girl lying with black hat at sunglasses beach on towel 
bikini the young in beach lying on lady 
blue in bench . off a a jumping child a shirt 
child off bleachers a a . shirt jumping with blue 
. shirt blue air wearing the jumping child a in a is 
jersey child the air a jumps wearing . a in 
a jumps air girl the in . 
. sits in shorts the of blond top a girl on monkey bars 
. monkey on bars girl a 
red girl . a a jungle gym on sits 
a sits structure play girl red a on 
jungle a little girl gym red a on . 
rollerblades a black . along rides ledge wearing a pants man on concrete 
rollerblader form a a concrete on . 
the in . skateboarder city a 
. a white skates skateboarder a the near on wall street 
man riding skateboard of a with the wall the pants t-shirt his young white and is . black the with top along 
into baby a . water a reaching fountain 
<unk> out water his fountain . a while at baby sticking spraying a looking 
trying fountain from a a his baby mouth in to water catch 
water fountain is playing boy a at small a 
open a toddler water plays a fountain a in ready for drink his . with mouth and 
turn . sharp racers a take motorcycle 
a on motorcyclists track . racing 
on a coming are people turn . motorbikes around 
racetrack a lean on on motorcycles . colorful a riders turn into 
the together race . the turn all in motorcyclists 
two in . the and water boys catch playing a dog 
are boats of the and the ocean in ball . two dog in men a front playing a with 
two with a and men playing the dog are . ball a in water 
a toss a two with in ball . men while them water and standing the is dog 
playing . with the water ball in a two and people dog a 
man wakeboarding . boat a is behind a 
lake ramp on man a a a waterskiing on white 
speed a jump a waterskier boat along pulling a 
boarder water . being a a down rail water towed 
and being behind tricks . man is the doing pulled a boat 
blue a in a . man right shirt his to looking 
. front in a looks a as and blue of stands man white <unk> umbrella he 
shirt <unk> makes a blue man a a . wearing face 
white look a guy . a dirty giving 
a in of umbrellas group white in a sits a blue of young and blue front shirt . man 
a with white dirt is face through field a dog a spotted and black running . 
dog . running a is 
across a . the dog runs ground 
is dirt . and running a white dog black over 
white . dog the through dirt trots the and black 
a . sunset at water of body 
over sunset lake a . a 
sky sunset . water <unk> over a 
background a scene a with the water in sunset . 
. this on a water beautiful sunset is the 
floor a . on child plays the 
pink girl of little a . chunk chalk throws yellow a and 
cement dropping sitting chalk a girl is some small on the 
chalk on with plays child a the by sidewalk it dropping young <unk> . 
young her throwing . chalk a girl pink 
wave white air a a a on lone flying the surfboard surfboarder through over 
surfer over . airborne an a wave 
jumping wave is surfer . a a 
a a . surfer wave jumps 
as from behind trick wave seen in surfer does 
a air through leaps biker . the dirt 
on . does a a air stunt person a in <unk> the 
on dirt man a bike 
black during jump motocross helmet wearing rider striped and white 
. the trees rider its airborne motocross the above are bike red and 
hydrant fire are dogs at two <unk> a red . 
. red fire two are <unk> the dogs on hydrant 
dogs a two fire . on hydrant <unk> 
the . hydrant dogs on fire two <unk> 
dogs two hydrant a fire <unk> on . red 
a shadow his follows a cement in his headed balances wall . man and bald skateboard black on 
behind wall trick a and man jumping a performs on . the <unk> shadow on him a skateboard a 
a a shirt black . a is doing skateboarder wearing trick 
grinds . skateboarder railing concrete a 
. man the is skateboarding 
his performs trick a a rail boy on on skateboard . a 
rail skateboarder a a red . grinds 
boy bar his grinds a a skateboard across teenage on . 
man pink railing skateboards young a . a off 
a a . shirt bar skateboard yellow the red in riding along boy is the 
a . wearing jacket greyhound runs race yellow a a 
racing a 8 . greyhound number is wearing 
along . racing dog track a are greyhounds muzzled 
a a numbers with in race greyhounds run two track on . 
two a around muzzled track dogs racing greyhounds . 
little plays croquet baby . a 
truck . girl croquet to next plays a a little 
the is truck child . <unk> the playing by 
kid a a is the in front and of a ball with . put car 
a <unk> the croquet the ball boy . beside playing with car and little is 
little boy another a face . while little from makes watches and drinks boy fountain water a a 
a from . water watches while older drinks boy boy a younger an fountain 
at water fountain outdoor an are boys . two 
. fountain drinks are getting water out two a of boys 
two a one a . near stand fountain takes as drinking boys drink 
with spotted are that , and <unk> black dogs white brown 
group . from <unk> the away camera dry a in field of while a look standing 
a standing . dogs four are in grassy field dry 
four . multicolored grass animals dog field a <unk> in like 
wild . dogs four dry a field in 
child a red leaping . toward a bed 
bed jumps his high . little a off boy 
boy a off bed of little a <unk> jumps bed . another onto 
a boy jumps from a bed onto <unk> . a small single bed 
<unk> boy on a jumping from bed a a . bed young smaller 
's on other a , <unk> . one little in of the couple lap ride smiling plastic boys together a 
on the children in swing a . blue swinging park 
swing on a the children together two . swinging 
laugh blue on two little a swing . kids 
smiling small , child holding on the . swing a two one children , other 
air lone the jumping a . over bicyclist ramp a in 
the dark in pool jumps in . an man a bike empty does 
a on his bike is man . doing a <unk> trick in a 
doing person with a a leap his bike over a hill 
ramp air over person bike a . a on in a the 
airplane white . outside airplane <unk> is 
in on a sits strip <unk> man a landing . glider the 
men . near a small standing plane on are a runway 
. small a plane the of <unk> 
another small flying plane the <unk> three background . , a people <unk> of the in and with 
standing on group of over men hold a drum heads it with a a man . their 
a to crowd no begins others into wearing from of shirt a . jump a man drum 
are holding a in standing of without air on man shirt people that top drum the . 
concert a drum has the is the musician people few musical a at on standing instrument . lifted by which one another musical been another is playing and in air musician 
haired that men being by shirts man a balancing drum is white in long . the on is carried 
in red , room sits , in woman people white glasses with a a and wearing , . other and 
long in glasses and . earrings wears a woman red 
her down under sitting with a <unk> chin hand woman her 
looks sits the right . wearing woman to a glasses and 
hand crowded is sitting woman and a her in on area her the resting head . 
near four kayakers . wall a <unk> and rock 
a stream kayakers . four on <unk> 
. water paddle the through four kayakers 
are four . a river people in kayaking 
water people in , , day on kayaks are the four a sunny . on colorful 
biker jumping high . a <unk> 
. a upside down guy bicycle over on flipped a 
. a rides jump a a does of air man off in trick and 
leap rough a across mountain extreme making an woods . terrain in the biker 
gets jump of the a wearing air a off . black rider bmx helmet 
. a skateboard skateboarding is in boy park a 
a ramp <unk> a rolls skateboarder . down young 
sliding skateboarder a down ramp 
down . rails skates the the stair rider 
is wooden slope the wall skater the descending beside the . 
two a room living blond dogs in fight . 
in around other house playing with each two a . brown dogs 
inside faces each two of . bite others dogs a house 
dogs two biting . other each at 
dogs with two play indoors . rough each other 
a pink and the running boots in little street a girl yellow down dress 
dress is . in yellow a the sidewalk girl <unk> a down little 
the . boots little street girl runs down a pink in 
toward dress in runs girl camera young a street a the along . a 
boots the and girl dress in yellow <unk> pink sidewalk the the the . down little 
dress yellow a in girl ropes a . jump 
skips a girl . rope 
green . a wearing and jumps a over girl red yellow rope 
in rope yellow little girl jumping dress a . a 
and is girl green in rope little the the jumping over yellow red dress a . 
a girl guy sitting . him a with beside is pointing 
a are woman man a smiling and 
. the while woman picture an man the asian smile of to right and something man the points to 
is pointing at man woman is asian there and both he an and smiling her . , , 
laugh people . two 
at staring cone end an . cream a the dog ice of 
an cone <unk> of a cream . part shaggy eyes white ice the dog 
ice shaggy a <unk> cone of dog its white a cream . owners bite 
dog being at looking person held food by . 
dog the is cream of looking <unk> at the an cone . shaggy ice 
in <unk> city bicycle is being stunt jump a a . 
bicyclist a <unk> on a ramp is . jumping 
a man is pyramid bicycle a over jumping his . 
bike . boy his a pyramid ramp a the trick is young air a on after turning in on 
pyramid a . bicycle <unk> off young a trick on jumping man 
in with female blue luggage wall against a jeans a sitting 
white her belongings . a a with against girl sits beside her wall 
a . fancy woman a in a wall against sits building 
hair a in or woman a with is blond her sitting . room with luggage hallway 
to next a . some young blond woman luggage rests 
. a in a girl with field scarf a yellow 
field spinning in some her along material is grass yellow . girl around a 
in woman the by . enjoys her clothing wind <unk> field being a a 
in blow sunny yellow scarf a . her the young in meadow woman a wind watches 
a holding <unk> woman scarf of tall a field yellow grass up in and 
yellow a . guy down rowing canoe a river a 
. canoe , being a lone <unk> through a river yellow 
scenic on a . trip canoe man a 
mountainous wooded a in yellow area a river hat paddles a a an with in orange canoe , . along man 
canoe paddling a river yellow . man a on 
man toddler the a carries shoulder couple street a along one over a while walking are . 
infant couple the . is a away an on shoulders 's while walking sleeps father 
child woman a he walks . carries with a man a while 
walks woman sleeping holding a child a man . a with 
to next sleeping his man has shoulder walking the the on . child a up the woman steps 
metal skate on a railing trick a . man doing a 
inline an a skater handrail going down 
grinds . a a rollerblader rail 
a at skateboarder . dusk 
a lot railing skating a on boy . in parking 
of middle in the float . group pond a kids of a 
people the are paddling of their group a water way across . 
. in raft float water a on children the 
the in jackets . wearing on <unk> life of water a raft are children and made <unk> eight 
some are a in rafts on children lake sitting . 
child a and going . man a down a slide water 
and carries slide man makes splash little big a water a down boy . a a 
raft boy holding a man a on a . 
a in field man water child a a grassy tarp a sitting up and . pool holds of on while <unk> 
two a water a slide . people on raft down go 
. trick biker a a does ramp a on 
trick on hill and biker a shallow nearby a . a a top area gate of grassy attempts 
stands a of a . on man front bicycle trick the doing , his wheel 
does bike person on tricks a their . 
. with performing ramp is bicycle a on man trick a a 
a ridding many blue building a . and jeans a windows background wearing in jumping with skateboard the a red with boy t-shirt 
jumps a a the a sidewalk . in curve person on skateboard on 
a red in skateboarder . shirt a 
. a blue white red and boy shirt , in skateboarding 
skateboard , from on low . boy photographed skating <unk> 
a boy a shower getting 
is man taking shower . a a 
man tongue out a . shower an his outdoor sticks in 
a tongue outdoors up man a looks stick out his takes and to . shower 
a shower standing with is under his out the man tongue sticking . 
a racer a hold while a riding . bike up hand motorcycle 
a motorcycle riding and waving a track . on a man on 
raises professional in his motorcycle racer a arm . victory 
one air hand the a . motorcycle a racer in on lifts 
. holding the arm up is the on his person motorcycle 
teeth white dog brown and brown and a grabs the dog <unk> . and another white head his of 
dog snow at the while they both one dogs are other the in <unk> brown . 
two dogs fighting brown the in snow . 
snow in the . dogs fighting two 
snow . in golden two each with the fight other dogs 
an traffic fan watches asian a go by holding . woman 
woman a asian the <unk> bus <unk> sun while city fans in an for a t-shirt in herself in the waiting . 
road woman <unk> shirt a standing beside herself a in a white . 
a side the road . a of fan busy at waits a woman holding 
with near street the fan a . woman a 
dirt black and are dog . a in white and a running dog black 
are and . white a running dog dog a and black on ground sandy black 
wet two dogs . on sand running 
white , runs , and one the black beach . two dogs black on other the 
the run dogs in large . sand two 
a is in stand game behind others ball . two boy green in a uniform kicking while him a a soccer 
soccer a goal boys . post near play 
. soccer the children a <unk> are by playing on some goal 
little boy . to ready the kick gets ball the soccer 
play soccer three boys . 
into and man dog lake the a wade . a 
air a dog the on in . man jumps beach the a next to 
a jumps to . his dog owner 
a man and . dog a 
man jumping on a walking a next tan him with shore dog rocky a to 
fire cars a catches race <unk> on . 
<unk> a . car race 
coming sports flames with the a car <unk> out . 
white blue has out of tail car flames coming . and race the pipe its 
<unk> the has fire its pipe from . white racing car <unk> 
air a jumping . sports is man game dark-skinned the in during a 
on sports red in a a man jumping field a uniform 
. player a dressed his teammate as red on the a leap takes soccer air in in looks 
athlete running on field blurred in athletes . background , running 
soccer black a in . and dressed one game team with this is red 
something onto a through the water he . as is man pulled hangs being 
to , man sea parasails the feet with catch a his on waves a the on choppy board . 
. while man <unk> a being pulled 
. a the windsurfer water on 
in the . man blue waterskiing ocean 
a jump performing a guy for bicycle . audience an trick 
a on jump bike a does . a man trick 
on an with man in watching . in a 4 bicycle him air front , a the bmx people of banner sitting <unk> 
<unk> flies onlookers a above . 
bicycle <unk> reads look on that a person in high him the the , at up jumping sign . over others air 
ball air playing people in basketball , 
of of building outside a a play group . brown basketball boys 
people through . court the flies as stand basketball on ball a air a three 
boys teen playing three outside basketball 
the teens basketball watching in three air a . 
the crowd sky at on orange in . as vests an airport looks <unk> <unk> into a people a of 
explosion a of . people large watching group a 
large fire watch people vests group wearing orange a a of . near helicopter a 
past dressed are an <unk> fly helicopter jackets explosion watching people <unk> in a . 
is the the . <unk> explosion watching crowd 
. boy someone a holds while a him leans over bridge little onto 
. holding an metal a the asian bridge wooden boy of is railing onto 
railing <unk> the to asian . bridge young a boy a pants stretches wearing on 
young wooden a . a bridge against crowded child a on leans rail 
bridge boy leans being over asian small held railing while 
in dressed <unk> . a hoop painted and hula a working crowd a woman 
in using purple green . a hula woman a is hoop pants 
wearing purple around is . spinning green a a and her woman green hoop hula waist 
and crowd a a face woman purple a hula on her hooping <unk> sports . <unk> pants is wearing with in green 
girl in . <unk> playing costumed with a crowd a 
pier a after chases a on . bird a boy 
boardwalk a on a looking yellow shirt at a boy is a bird in wooden 
yellow jeans in at looking boy shirt is little bright <unk> blue a a a and . 
a <unk> in jersey boy . dark-skinned a little <unk> <unk> a number yellow , 
. <unk> towards a runs boardwalk boy a a young along 
jumping red guy . a in 
ground man a . hard on the jumping 
into air the a man leaps . 
jumps a outside person . 
a jumps rocky high person . a shirt and a field red wearing grassy above 
a down rail hat green a rollerblader green shirt wearing . and a grinding male 
some down a . stairs handrail on rollerblading is a man 
down slides a a handrail rollerblades person . wearing 
down of stairs some glides railing skateboarder a . a 
slides shirt and handrail down green rollerblader , in next green hat a to steps 
backstroke a a in the doing pool person swimming 
. swimming in a a pool swimming person 
is a pool . the backstroke in swimmer the doing swimming 
in backstroke does swimmer lane swimming . 
the of a . marker from the lane arm striped the inside water <unk> swimmer 
a in shirt man his a shirt around blue and man a a puts yellow . arm in yellow 
posing blue man a and a shirt man yellow a and in . tie a picture for a shirt in 
for a . <unk> picture two pose 
for two and . the guys one white one smiling camera , , black 
formal other men each one in are and two <unk> arm around have each 
cyclist yellow blue wearing riding and . a past trees 
a . bicyclist racing a in wearing lone race a helmet 
blue the race bike in rides a in a a in man . forest 
. blue man bike and rides with shirt yellow 
bicycle is forest riding the a man the through . 
brown a . carries dog white his and mouth white dish towel in and a brown 
a brown a dog mouth a big brown his eyes floor with and on in hardwood . <unk> white with 
piece its a in with the cloth camera . of at looking mouth dog a 
boxer carrying . <unk> dog pink eyed a 
dish . a its in towel plaid pitbull mouth holding 
his bicycle man a closeup the a . through riding of forest 
blue man . in a on pink and bike is a 
male through the woods . bikes biker 
bike while rides man <unk> . 
black three five a a with man six handlebars on . bicycle he helmet the <unk> riding <unk> number the on has <unk> 
a <unk> a six running number dog in with . greyhound race 
yellow with number jersey dog racing a six a wearing . 
running a greyhound 
marked dog runs <unk> with shirt . , 6 , on and yellow track gray muzzle 
in . dog jersey track yellow a running dirt greyhound on and 
pipe . across his skateboard a building a a boy on rides 
flies on building a alongside through air a skateboard . a child , the 
pipe <unk> beneath skateboarder grinds a a fire a . along 
jumping skateboarder front a a of building . in 
street a down a skateboarder rides . city 
man surrounded an passengers holding . by airplane other seat young in , his girl arms in a sits a 
small ride on 's girl airplane they a man a pink lap as . wearing sleeps in an 
while asleep seated father arms a girl airplane young . falls 's on an in her 
little in crowded girl airplane sleeping 
a on sitting pink a . young wearing girl man sweater 
a <unk> man riding wheeled . a vehicle over three 
tricycle on a a person . 
bike and riding <unk> man is i . 3 is a airborne wheeled 
driving . <unk> wheels person on 2 a in 
someone playground is . three-wheeled <unk> sandy a vehicle riding a 
race a in runs dog four the wearing number a . 
racing 4 a sporting greyhound number . is 
. on a greyhound runs and with a green bib muzzle racing a track a 
a dog running racing professional 
is , a at track running number the , four . greyhound tan 
each of a top bunch of other . players football on 
big playing . of a form a group pile football people 
. a a in game football the referee professional is grass watching 
the football a in . players of middle play 
making players foreground referee in football tackle the with . the a 
middle and a the sail clear a <unk> of ocean the on is man . with in a green 
. man with clear in parasailing ocean sky a is the a 
<unk> . sailing the on ocean , it a man 
water across a . person and sail green rides board white the a 
their the someone fun blue clear . on ocean in having surfboard 
city . in bicycle a man a on the 
tricks city a . on a in doing a bicycle person is 
in bicycle young area urban an tricks doing a man . 
bike standing . on a downtown man 
bicycle . a woman a is riding the standing city up on through 
team chasing are ball running players the girl . field down the soccer of a 
the in for . a ball 's run players uniforms girl soccer red of team 
game soccer ball during the . run for girls a 
playing kids . soccer 
playing girls . young soccer 
a couch a black ladies beige small fingers on biting a two dog 
small dog on fingers a chews . black 
fingers ladies a a small bites . dog 
black a on finger . person dog 's biting small 
dog the biting black a fingers small woman . of 
stairs a a on . his flying down of is man skateboard flight 
shirtless over rides . steps young his a skateboard 
is a of front on a a white skateboard airborne . building in man topless 
on a of skateboard stairs a down young flight his man jumps 
steps with skateboard jumping boy 
the leaps to catch a . a dog in air disc 
a frisbee air yellow . catch to the his into dog leaps large 
jumping frisbee a dog is catch to sized medium up white small cloth . a 
to yellow is a in a park dog jumping toy . a catch 
frisbee off with white four all in the mouth dog . holding floppy jumping feet ground pink 
female grass a . walking through 
<unk> a of girl a towards sheep going . 
a a of . in walks toward sheep herd distance girl the 
valley sheep some towards grassy in girl . a a walks 
a to . walks cows woman the 
a lying couple . bed young in 
a a lying on together couple young bed 
goofy face , bed on a makes a lay a the man . and woman woman young 
making faces couple <unk> bed in 
lying are a people together young bed on . two 
him over horse a a a sitting with jumping on blue barrier is rider brown 
barrier . , jumping rider and course a horse a a on 
jumps white person brown the in a horse gate over . a 
and horse blue jump over hurdle jockey 
horse jumping is a there hurdle rider . a over and 
a marker through a dog brown grassy . in white is running field white and a 
runs brown and a an obstacle . through dog white 
poles . very a that between dog brown is are running close grey two together 
shepherd . obstacle an runs dog an through <unk> 
dog quickly moves two . long-haired poles beneath 
is the . running with ball player football a 
football football with player running arm a his under . 
a football a during in uniform game man is . running football a a with 
man blue one football a jersey a holding running in is 
player football . the in black football the with runs 
ball yellow grass . through carries a small a the dog 
brown mouth tennis with and in its field a in ball runs . a white dog a 
tennis in ball its mouth holds white . field dog a a in a 
its a white dog the . is carrying ball in mouth 
a mouth tennis with grass its . dog in through white green running ball 
turns . across dirt dirt biker a the 
a . turn dirt takes a bike 
man a . riding dirt motorbike kicks up a 
person rides a bike a dirt . 
. a curve racer motorcycle on the dirt the taking track is 
number dog in . a race the leads dog wearing a 8 
on black stripped yellow running jacked a red is with 8 greyhound a a and it number on with a track 
dog are greyhounds a racing along muzzled . track 
are race greyhounds dog track at three a the in . 
of in in and jacket dogs # front white yellow black of race 8 with dog pack 
mouth the open with a brown . camera , <unk> dog and his out towards tongue 
a grass over . dog a background and brown runs dirt 
a dog camera towards the running 
mouth its out dog its of . tongue with a 
a brown grassy the is running . dog pathway along 
a . with two in the in blue girls dressed crowd background 
smiling two large at <unk> standing a camera in in and off . are crowd girls something blue 
within a . two laughing crowd girls 
blue and with clapping hair are girls brown two . shirts 
them and sit . one two <unk> girls laughing of together 
cap smiles . in blue light man a a 
cap jacket man a in blue white baseball and . a 
blue sport white with hat staring nearby with sport man a jacket crowd and a is . 
the blue a on hat white has jacket in the guy . 
hat man a blue . is wearing the 
red young and shows black a off . on black women group their markings of uniforms legs skimpy in 
cheerleaders pose the for camera . 
red outfits . wearing five and skimpy black pose women 
wearing and white tops and red women and red black five halter shoes <unk> black red . with and 
small is tops and the skirts pose camera women . for 
view . mountains looking is a hiker at the female of some 
at standing looking . of <unk> a edge the the a on lady is hill 
beautiful a a with woman at mountain stopped of a view the top hiker 
woman down at top looking . the below mountain valley on , of the in a a hiking gear 
a on a . others looking mountain woman at stands 
on the water deep a a of <unk> road drives . puddle through 
lot a through on rainy a splashing parking . night a <unk> <unk> 
road . at rainy night a 
. storm the street during in off are city reflecting a evening rain lights a 
, water . at wet <unk> urban night down street drives splashing 
a . in jacket a boy is smiling denim 
is smiling denim and dressed a camera man . off in is 
smiles man outdoors . a 
a jacket man jeans wearing is a smiling 
denim outside jacket standing a wearing young a man black . is 
wait tight while street , the clothing wearing on <unk> girls . two there 
's two clothes on underwear ladies and sidewalk stand skimpy wearing a . men 
<unk> two sidewalk women city a . on 
posing taken are picture to skimpy have two . outfits their in women 
tight women young . two clothing in 
dog water its brown in neck a to up 
is the takes water way in drink the all dog and almost . a a 
pond , water hound stands <unk> <unk> a . in <unk> dog a , 
through dog water . a shallow large wades 
the taking wading the a dog is brown in drink while . water 
a players yellow group for and a reach of . basketball green wearing ball 
a basketball players during a shoot game for . goal 
a four men game basketball jumping in 
from jerseys in teams jumping are this . men picture basketball both with and green all red 
opposing the on to team the yellow man tries team basketball shot while try . the block score his on men to the 
a is a yellow airborne in above the . jacket mountains skier 
with skier . of jumps the view air high mountains a the a in 
a skiing and high . it he looks though is very <unk> jumps jacket as a in man flying 
ski <unk> high doing air jump a in . the is 
the green white the jacket and appears skier pants to sky in . almost into the fly 
and coat a a hat in an old man black by . sits building 
with man . brick against a a sits building black hat a 
leans and an brick . black building old in hat man against a coat a 
coat building in against sitting man hat old black and brick . 
man black in white . against and haired wall sitting brick hat coat 
. a stick looks holds up on for catch beach another man to dog dog the while at a a 
a . plays with two dogs on the man beach 
is a standing . with dogs beach playing on man two a 
beach the their dogs someone . with on playing 
man beach dogs a with two the play on . 
from in . outfit a hangs machine soccer green a a boy 
in vehicle a green from hangs soccer boy farm uniform a down a . upside 
from hanging bale . child a <unk> a hay 
camera smiling cart over at the <unk> boy young on is a a 
the off is of tractor girl hanging equipment . the 
<unk> people of a a <unk> of outside are . <unk> 
<unk> while holding the air is looking at hands a their crowd a in 
in large their a . crowd raises hands <unk> 
toward full an bows center room a of . crowd <unk> of display <unk> the the in 
people . their stand many with hands raised 
markings white orange with a an brown dog in a chases field ball . grassy 
with a white chasing is a spots a running dog . brown , ball in yard 
dog grass for , red . on ball running 
dog small chases ball orange white 
dog and ball for the an white on brown runs a orange field . 
while onto a man on skateboard pole is a a . leaning holding 
on rope scooter holding roller a a to man on 
a kite a man holding to on a skateboard on 
<unk> to man board stands harness . a attached on a a 
on being by unseen <unk> skateboard <unk> kite man 
at little the the in is pointing beach shirt girl water blue . on a a 
the standing a little a girl wearing a . blue is with man by shirt on beach sunglasses 
looking an a is of older her girl . male body water young behind while kneels a at 
is young at pointing a girl beach . on a water 
is young girl the to the on and pointing ocean . shore standing a 
a man motorcycle on a a . track rides 
a a by is leaning . <unk> <unk> motorcycle during racer turn 
a sharp on his is turning motorbike it red road and a is motorcyclist . corner the on <unk> 
a motorcyclist making a sharp . turn 
the in a leans . turn he rider for <unk> as motorcycle makes 
boy full pushes of wagon . pumpkins a a 
boy wagon . two a a with pumpkins pushes 
leaning large wagon with two smiling filled pumpkins a a , boy . over 
pumpkins wagon . a child in with two behind it squats a 
pumpkins wagon with it pushing in two boy 
huge . and a surfs a man black white on blue wave in 
a man jumping top surfboard off . on a a the wave of 
a whilst an doing stunt airborne is riding surfer waves . 
on . boogie man boarding wave 
man surfing 
pink a around arm a . his ribbon has man 
paintball in face <unk> in , a . , makes a man black covered shirt a 
in the woods in man a . a sweatshirt 
at man looking . a the camera surprised 
been paint ribbon on a wearing pink . a has with his arm man yellow <unk> 
man surfboard and surfing paddling a man wave . a it a on toward another small 
wave a to . jumps a one paddles as the wave surfer 
a him wave approaching a in another with surfer vertical 
in on two ocean men a huge . wave surfing the are 
catch two . surfers wave a 
squirt squirts a boy gun a . 
is a something with family the boys in a of water one and . shooting is pool playing young 
the little him around squirting pool in toy with a boy a others as water . swimming playing watch is 
a are . swimming two adult children them playing while men pool in watch 
adults while pool look a on play in children . 
while . up up woman a a a soda holding conversation having is dressed 
female in neck a her wearing some her around flower hair and has is a . big purple beads 
and feathered purple caution a tape . hat woman wears laughing a 
feather in hair a purple with caution wearing a her tape <unk> and woman 
the . hair with a standing woman bright street on red 
dark-haired pole leaning a silver man <unk> is . on a , 
leaning by surrounded people against pole a man a 
metal a pole a leans against man . 
around is lamp are to standing eastern other middle his man with . near waiting back post people a against a who 
a a a on sidewalk several against near people man standing . leaning pole are 
<unk> woman <unk> a a hat . red dressed a boy in 
man bikini a costume are red . woman a passing in people of crowd in a a and 
with surrounding her topless smiling <unk> many a holding woman a people 
at <unk> woman topless a looks her <unk> a is crowd holding a . while 
watching performance people a many 
. silhouette dog of another one a chasing dog 
two a by silhouette running . a lake dogs of 
water along silhouette the dogs . as each they two chase other are 
along the two . running water land on dogs 
running dogs shore two the . on 
his a posing boy scooter to is . next 
boy . on a stands in abandoned a scooter an boardwalk 
beside top scooter a wearing is his a on concrete post resting . white a boy 
is a small boy finger . a at on the pointing viewer setting blue in a an urban scooter 
little stands to scooter next . the boy his 
two ocean each splashing other boys the in . 
two the boys surf splashing . in 
big splash in . ocean boys the two 
two splashing the in ocean children . 
in the young shirtless people water two . playing 
a . stunt bicyclist midair is a performing 
wearing t-shirt over is . jumping hills biker a a dirt white 
jump . holding a the with performs bmx rider bike a his just hands while 
behind is a airborne . stunt onto handlebars jumping holding man bike he attempting as his whilst the a 
a <unk> over performing person bicycle dirt jump ramps a . 
motorcycle man . a a doing wheelie a on 
on a track he motocross pulling is a a it wheelie up as bike motorcyclist rides dirt a . 
jacket a red motorcycle and wearing wheelie a on white popping . motorcyclist his a 
a on road a popping . person wheelie dirt 
a dirt road long on of towards group walking people is man a . the 
brown a playing are dogs together toy . with the blue 
dogs pulling colored the blue in light two is are that object a mouths on their . 
a <unk> grass . playing two dogs the beige are near in 
. war a two tug playing in dogs of are object a building of blue with front 
brown light tugging a at . in dogs of front a toy are blue shed two blue 
wearing a a player orange jersey football an football holding 
an player a football . smiling holding orange wearing uniform the and football 
" a on in orange man <unk> plays football " an with the <unk> . jersey it 
football player of university miami a . a holds 
to ready <unk> throw number orange gets football . the in 
a a wearing football tackling orange players uniform in uniforms white player are 
in a football a game tackle . 
footballers a . three in tackle 
a men each tackling game football three are are in . <unk> other 
game football with down player in two take a players the the ball 
two beach each on with balls mouths the in their black dogs running . with 
pier dogs sand . the two a run by in black 
run sand through two black . dogs 
. run across boardwalk dogs a sand the near two 
, some dogs through black two are running sand . wet 
a is some jumping mouth while a through holding black in stick his dog . water , 
. dog swimming black water a is through 
mouth black a body . a stick of in in water with dog a jumps his 
. in a the dog ocean swims 
stick with a out his black in of jumping . water dog the mouth 
going skateboards a . of group a hill down downhill 
man . helmet he crouches a in white skateboards a while 
a watch skateboarders others while . round downhill two curve 
turn around are going a . skateboarders wearing helmets two 
a . street riding down wearing skateboarders two their helmets 
surf the ocean a blond in dog runs . 
. a is light the dog running blonde on shoreline 
and a shallow in beach a white on running water dog is . tan 
dog with a surf in mouth the his white runs open 
is across shore . running dog young a a 
road on a . rides biker dirt a 
a on a . bike bmx person 
person course an outdoor is bike . on riding a on a bmx 
. mountain fast bike a rides dirt road a his person very down 
rider down the bike dirt jumping . hill 
a in <unk> member support his . team boxer a of his by being corner is 
into mouth a sprayed red has water a helmet boxing ring his boxer in with his the by coach . 
has a his ring red a water mouth by another in man . in boxing a squirted helmet man in 
the boxer . to trainer corner a in a water giving 
water 's mouth boxer . man into spraying 
a shorts a jean swing boy a red off shirt . in jumping and 
jumping swing a boy off is a 
swing is off . of jumping a a boy 
. boy off jumps a swing a 
with his a swing jumps apart . legs off a boy 
a grass on running dog black 
lawn green running black is dog houses with a on the a background with <unk> <unk> . a in 
along dog grass large green a runs . the black 
houses . in black background brown dog and runs over grass , 
dog the on black the running grass is . 
big a . with in dog collar , a runs black water red the 
in red dog the collar a water through black a . splashing 
a is through dog water black some . running 
splashes dog in a black the water 
water black a with through walking a . dog red collar is 
and . " a sign " boy of front hell says man a that standing in a 
them two a a on street billboard males behind corner . with <unk> 
by stand hell that says . males board a two 
out " that of people made to " stars sign hell says stand a . two next 
that one uses stars sign smoking men . " hell walk , a orange large , past two to young " <unk> 
mother as ice eat a cream . three sits they children with 
woman <unk> . three and a a on sit kids 
ice cream children some next steps to young eating three adult one on . sitting 
sat <unk> . the while the woman the cream ice bench children on 
into third store children while ice woman stares a . three space world a in eat cream 
<unk> watercraft of his control . a man 
water on a the . man parasails 
in off . ocean falls a the windsurfer his boat 
. boat was and in the his fell the ocean sailing off man 
. water the falling is <unk> the in 
is . white between poles yellow a black running dog and 
a black running yellow . cones through dog 
running a course dog in obstacle line of is out an a posts and on . of 
dog little between running poles . a yellow 
yellow dog field posts in with . 
a runs . grass through the dog 
in dog with a the muzzle a . grass sunlight and 
grass . wearing over runs a dog grey muzzle a 
grey . with a a muzzle running dog 
the the sitting dog black grass is on furry 
with and number is . a wearing on red jersey a dog run it greyhound the mid one is 
race with shirt greyhound a . a a on and blue muzzle running red 
races greyhound red large wearing a shirt dog . a 
number one a on white red it greyhound printed jacket . is dog the wearing with a 
white . <unk> number dog racing greyhound as 
child . a plays soccer 
a a . player ball for near soccer goal runs the child 
jersey little . soccer a green playing a wearing boy 
a front blue ball soccer goal a towards runs of young a in . boy 
just for the <unk> soccer little kid a kick goal the 
the back vehicle on . people ride of a 
people a and sides of several riding are . on back car 
a the on truck several road crowd down going people 
as on road outside the is down hanging people has . this a it vehicle driving 
back riding the on . truck three of boys a 
<unk> . another are a doing in dance a of while jumps person children rope white bunch 
hats . a crowd white shorts black in of white and children rope , jumping shirts 
as <unk> their nearby . over other children heads child a their small rope hands jumping 
in white of on . group and dressed hats crowd with performing asian a looking shirts children 
<unk> <unk> are in all several children 
a on skateboard is person a a on ramp . 
in . the on air is skies over up a snow person 
person a a a performs <unk> a down on a view as rail snowboarding trick to crouches man get . 
snowboard doing in person jump air the a on 
skateboard at night is while watches white kneeling a someone trick performing a in person . 
a waterskiing doing a is stunt a on guy . board 
grab . and to wakeboard one is with the board on jumping a <unk> the hand a man trying over 
man performs trick a a wakeboarding 
wave the <unk> waterskier flying over a air a in 
flies a . the into air waterskier 
near row bicycles a standing white and is person red identical . a of 
near is . a outside standing many woman bicycles 
woman standing rack a a . near bike 
near a bicycles stands a identical . woman red of row 
in of all bike . a white red a and bikes is row rack there 
bench a sitting man elderly on . an 
in an train subway old is sitting and by walking . a of asian front woman are passengers her 
sitting around on woman . bench old a an with people , 
two down her woman while walk sitting older people by . asian 
she jacket with and people on woman pants is . wearing a a black setting her past walking older bench gray 
outside sniffing dog dog . a large smaller a 
standing together . dogs two on are blond patio a 
standing patio are a two together on dogs . 
standing a on golden . wooden two dogs are patio 
dogs deck on golden two wood . a 
. hoodie on beach the with a bikini and is a in girl standing a bottom camera 
beach a a woman a on camera a striped hoodie holds in 
with on stands camera a a a beach woman 
the beach . pictures at woman takes a 
and side beach a . with hooded at woman a bottoms a sweatshirt bikini holding camera 
pale body colored of . runs water a through a dog 
water is white through a the running beach a dog at 
water is through the onto a running shore white the . dog 
dog ocean white the the runs through . 
medium running ocean dog sized the through white . is 
another it and fence a dog over dog brown . is chasing a jumping is 
dog dog a wire . him jumps another follows brown fence and a over 
jumping fence . another and a the grass a the off dog dog on background in 
jumping . by over a followed a another gate dog dog 
fence over a <unk> small . a tan dog chain is jumping 
a while . a two other over dog fence , jumps dogs watch 
others edge in dog <unk> <unk> one the fence setting on three , standing a of backyard , a . 
on the fence is dog the 
jumping one the are dogs fenced . off in is fence a and yard three 
fighting on , fence top standing . of one a two <unk> 
in towards uniform jumps a ball red . a soccer a man 
opposing a a soccer trying ball runs an while . member hit behind is him team <unk> to 
player hitting with head ball his a the soccer 
ball in player , blue red soccer . blocking dives toward player in 
tries ball one . player to <unk> other two as in front the the soccer players get of 
his a is the motorbike on in cyclist . laying air while 
back , . a his lays feet sky a in high grey guy up motorcycle handlebars over on the with the 
a . performing motorcyclist a trick midair is in 
the doing a in trick . a motorcyclist air while 
in the bike laying on his a air while down is dirt . person 
mountain in a black . , a and biker , helmet shirt motion wearing 
biker dirt a corner taking 
on wearing helmet a . dirt a one biker black hill riding 
bike dirt on person in wooded track area riding 
on sharp is a the bike . taking turn the bmx guy 
player by of the members the a football ball chased with , team opposing runs 
. the football back running a with running 
field running . are football on players many the grassy 
men football playing . 
in two compete teams . football 
player football a catching football the . 
football a catch player up football jumping a brown jersey to a in 
ball towards others . run a him up catch jumps football while player the to 
. playing football football players 
the . football catch jumps football air a to player into the 
tackled running back a football getting 
as who player a tackles player football watches has . ball the a , third player 
football get ball to football from one the who running another player . attempts player is 
footballer with the in is who in tackling the . ball <unk> american running is player brown the 
. game is progress a in this football 
rider wearing . helmet a camera his pointing at is on a the male bike and bike 
on . red at dirt sits and man camera a bike his shirt points in the a 
pointing . motocross man his on bike finger a <unk> a sitting is 
you and a shirt wearing a is pointing a . is logo on , man bike helmet , at 
. a at helmet a points wearing camera man the 
a spectators lined gear <unk> with his . competing with is a sponsored along street athlete 
three-wheeled a man . riding wheelchair on a 
. wheeled a man bicycle is helmet a a three with racing 
with his a no a man race with in is . legs wheelchair 
uses arms the . his to sports yellow <unk> move biker bike his 
a blue in man down dirt path walks . light sweatshirt a a 
dirt . shop walking down a a with on his man a road is right 
dirt on town small a road man a a in 
next walks down . street empty a an to a man market 
dirt road with man . the stores down on a side walking 
bounce bouncing a in play and . a child 
on little colorful is gym inflatable a a girl . bouncing 
. on little an with <unk> girl in a flying air hair the toy her up 
flying gym air hair in at play girl with little 
white is the in bouncing a multicolored inflatable on little . girl 
is a brown with dog frisbee yellow white running and . a 
brown white and green and by frisbee with one white . dog a the mouth in one dog brown and fence 
wooden the is by dog its is another in the sniffing a frisbee fence mouth one whist . ground carrying dog 
there dog carrying . is frisbee a a 
dogs with two frisbee , . a one 
dunes the blue driving . across sand a buggy is 
cart dirt blue downhill . go in the pointing a 
hill down buggy dune . a goes a 
buggy a going hill down sandy dune . a 
dune on a buggy . traveling sand 
a . are two fairground children ride on 
carnival ride two girls a on 
two ride park an . amusement girls on 
girls ride two and on smiling laughing . an park amusement 
on . riding two amusement girls an part ride 
<unk> puddle is and water spraying . muddy a through driving a black 
splashes car mud driving a puddle while blue a . a dirt through on road 
splashing . road dirt on left <unk> car on green water a a the 
going blue and road a side a . dark <unk> through to car the muddy some 
puddle in there a is road . a through the car blue <unk> on a splashing 
man a is subway business a reading on 
book holds bags man a the . looks on at subway and a his 
the reads . subway a on book man a 
is man sunglasses a a on <unk> wearing . reading book train a standing 
while reads man on suit subway a tie . in the waiting and book black dressed 
the . in sunset stands a biker dirt 
on a sunset motorcycle silhouetted . man the a by is 
man on him a sitting with a <unk> a motorcycle sunset behind 
on front and the in a is . man sitting bike the of sunset 
the the bike dirt in the on distance sets sat . as the sun man 
white being a racetrack . ridden around black a is motorcycle and 
track . a on racing a man motorcycle a is on 
a motorcycle down a speeds racer track . 
and orange motorcyclist white . racing black , a , 
motor . motion a racer in professional 
and a . next white couch dog someone is blue the with to jumping on <unk> brown 
toward a dog couch a jumps 
a orange sofa terrier an onto jumping is . <unk> jack 
attempts dog orange little . a jump to an couch on 
dog couch to on is jumping the the 
air off bmx of biker in . ramp a the a flies 
rider into air the a a . and rides bmx up jump 
a half descends a on a boy bike pipe . 
air a up is of a bicycle off ramp in man . the his riding 
ramp . bicycle a airborne on rider 
feet bench with <unk> yellow asleep man a striped cart a his on . on a 
a man a taking a nap and in is . a bench sweatshirt blue on jeans 
feet a striped in a luggage with man his on resting a on jeans cart bench 
on man is . subway a asleep a bench the in 
man subway . a in a a on sleeping bench station 
kids slide while . a skating a going on two man down look 
, ramp in skateboarder air a outdoor . the big a at 
. a skate a ramp very is steep skating in skateboarder a down park 
play . skateboarding some trees kids ramp of on front a in 
skateboarding park males male a two skate another young at watch . 
leaps a a man held . ball a for by dog black 
. with is man a a black playing and white dog 
white and wearing tennis a and a man a black with glasses collar black playing dog his are . ball wearing 
a holding jumps up dog ball it while a man for 
jumping to dog ball with who catch tennis . man is 
girl uniform . black in blue uniform a someone a a tags and in red and white 
touches girl an a baseball base opponent catching a before is . 
a in a . yellow woman has in ball blue mitt her 
get tries runner . a <unk> number softball to out game in base during blue girl 
people field a . two on playing ball 
frisbee is to a . a red the trying air jumping catch in dog 
jumps an orange to frisbee dog a catch . 
dog yellow a black a chases red pot frisbee to a . next 
in <unk> the is . yard playing frisbee dog 
trying yellow to is dog the red . a catch frisbee 
white hats 2 looking people mountain over the with 
at group look of side . a the the over top a and of sit people cliff 
a binoculars using of hikers on view , the mountainside three a . are at pair sitting one looking 
mountains looking a and sitting men three . on at sky hill the 
people at mountains look sit . three and 
a tail corner <unk> orange yellow . his a up with rounds after tube dog , and a 
a yellow at dog running course tunnel a husky obstacle . through an 
a an a course obstacle . yellow dog runs tunnel through large in and grey white 
dog and white tube running out a a is black . and of orange yellow 
of black . and an <unk> white a dog orange tunnel out 
a of a closeup white bunny . 
and the bunny in white horse another black closeup with of bunny white . background a 
rests and , background in horse rabbit grass another rabbit . fenced on 
white two are . outside grass the on <unk> 
sit two on . green grass <unk> the white 
play a of little group . in boys football uniforms 
, children and uniforms <unk> in football pads play 
, , different . children playing two uniforms of teams football in four are 
dressed in football play boys young four . uniform 
compete boys football field on the teams two ' . 
next headphones . in and cap hands puts man neck stands he shirt as on man table his his to around wearing a a green a 
to . man a man a wearing shirt shirt a white wearing sitting is a green next 
neck his man . while headphones around another outstretched hands has one his has 
next a his to looking off is a . guy headphones a neck hat there screen with guy in around 
sitting one two of them has headphones are . , men indoors 
shirt a a stadium running in . field is blue a in man 
player in a soccer runs . blue , 
in shorts sport white . man playing a blue and 
his in player his mouth is soccer with . <unk> shirt blue 
face blue with player jersey soccer . <unk> 
an has boy falls reaching older in smiles man front a arms who his green watches while another down of out a . shirt ball in boy holding and a 
player front a ball in the just soccer of the goal caught 
watches shirt on playing in grass boys green man ball while 
to as holding one falls . ball men three the laugh white a ground 
football two yard . play a in while residential man an watches <unk> older 
green man . wave on surfing a a big 
wave surfing . is a person big a 
a on surfer . a is riding breaking wave 
rides . a green surfer wave a 
out a rides and surfer the white green . waves 
is a on to a white a checkered next chewing standing a brown . red dog whilst carpet on rug floor 
fluffy animal with playing dog stuffed is a . white a brown 
its covering dog with brown white mouth a a in 
on and dark chews dog a something fluffy white brown . 
piece a a fabric <unk> on of . dog 
dogs three on grass the brown <unk> . 
three the 's other . licks nose outside are , one tan dogs 
to dogs third stands next to nose dog while two . nose are them a 
noses dog another near dogs . two touching 
two faces . dogs <unk> each tan others 
football game a is . played 
. play teams two football game a 
teams playing a game football two 
the two football . teams on play field 
two of about football teams to . players start a game 
. a two the talking woods swimsuits lake in children in stand in 
in are each facing the in standing suits girls bathing . water two other 
. girls two play in beach the 
are , the two lake <unk> standing wearing in girls 
two each lake to a in girls young other talking . 
. bmx performing a on ramp a biker <unk> a 
ramp rider a . bmx the rides 
tricks is bicycle a park with skate doing . at man a a 
course . a tricks with man bike young a on his does 
in an is . tricks old building man on doing bicycle 
green in of front person brick bald . in wall clothing a a stands 
adult an elderly bald . 
background brick he . with wall person elderly an int a 
an is . green <unk> a holding <unk> wearing person older 
, . in <unk> old smiling green in person an 
hand of with standing is look one on <unk> a a <unk> 
a . man outside a a garage handstand of doing 
hand on person . balances one a 
body the one his in . boy on hat black <unk> the hand 
attempting building in a the front handstand a of is man <unk> . 
climbing is man . the mountain a 
climber a the a is on seen side mountain of . mountain tall 
<unk> high snowy . climber on , mountains a 
background covered a . the up person with mountains in snow walking 
. mountaintop with filled is the snow 
<unk> girl <unk> and in and a boy arm 
and on water are path a , a little girl wings wearing running a fence boy little black a beside 
swimsuits boy arm girl and their little wearing in . floats a 
on girl with arm the are . floats boy and playing 
on running girl boy water with and young wings 
horse a jumps jockey a over hurdle . a black on 
an equestrian an over . and jumping are horse a obstacle 
jumping a wearing a and hat person navy black on small jacket a over a <unk> horse . 
show fence a a is . over making brown a horse jumper white jump 
a woman a jumps horse on . an obstacle 
. a man ocean floating the in 
up air from the jumped . a has surfboard a man into 
person water above the on . surfboard a their 
the sets is person beach the at while . in sun out the water a 
fall surfer <unk> his to is board the about sea . and into the 
ball female swings the for player a tennis . 
<unk> <unk> . outfit tennis an in woman playing a 
racket the woman swinging a tennis a on . court 
. dressed player in the swings racket white the tennis 
tennis dressed swinging the a white in . racket is all woman 
black dogs side down either running pathway a of two paved 
black running at . path dogs two distant , a across camera grass alongside 
grass dogs bound road across . the two next a to 
leads dogs building that a along . a two to running grass the pathway in 
dogs from either . another opposite one on a run of road side two 
subway a a in man the waits for suit 
dimly lit walks grey hair man . a a with a suit hallway down and 
suit man , <unk> background train in blurry with in station . 
group a subway in . people standing tunnel of 
is . tunnel with wearing man a suit a subway hair waiting in grey 
tan his a on back rolls and black field dog . in a 
the in rolling a dog green black . grass 
back dog his rolls on . a 
rolls in grass dog the his . a back on 
paws with air lying in the on dog grass a 
blue running a black dog a with a beach on tag 
a down . runs brown dog sandy beach the 
brown a sand . dog runs the in 
sand dog across . running black 
dog the brown running the across sand is . 
. a fluffy attack dog is medium dog a to about huge brown sized 
is brown smaller with dog dog . a haired large curly very playing a 
. path on the dogs playing dirt 
another road gravel chase a . one dogs two on 
two dogs . wet 
is boy floor on graffiti walking a covered a in . 
on a male wall graffiti walks . the 
on man a . colorful wall a dances 
a white man skating is t-shirt a . along cap and a in wall covered graffiti 
man dancing area is a filled graffiti and wearing an . light a with hat around 
the jumping of in to couple players a get rugby the ball air . 
of men ball jumping a . a for group 
. nearby for with competing players the rugby onlookers ball are the 
a one . grabbing men during soccer ball at different game three 
a up watches sporting the crowd event men ball a as for jump . three in 
the in catch . group to the a struggle air ball of men 
a . three men overhead <unk> flies as football 
in football three men air with 
three soccer men wrestle ball for a . 
the players three rugby . ball for grab 
surface with it a a on white <unk> smoke black trailing . car behind 
. lot being , car a driven in crowds a silver while parking watch 
. lot white paved a car a drives sports in 
on this orange course a is cones . with driving car white 
an car lot parking in white driving empty 
a smiling curly black . a girl hair closeup with of 
a the hair brown camera picture girl at with . of portrait a <unk> smiling 
young a . woman laughing 
. a camera young curly brown into hair woman with the smiles 
teeth running over tongue brunette woman . 
<unk> car black . behind on a the street wire 
street race speeds car in down a a a drag racer black city . 
a a helmet street man car a race wearing down the black driving 
black white races car a a . in a helmet race person wearing 
old drives a someone . past car buildings fast 
dogs yard in . playing the 
yard a play fenced <unk> in five trees . a dogs <unk> of group large 
and is circle do are four playing in black one walking . a away dogs 
. grass a in dog and black on the in dogs four circle <unk> distance on the in a the grass 
a several different dogs in of play backyard breeds . 
bicycle a airborne gets . 
a bicyclist a bike on trick a jumping 
the on one sitting wheel . bike with his air guy a in is 
with air and this on a wheel ledge bicycle , stunt a person doing a on is in one one the . 
on man . performing <unk> young trick bicycle near loading dock 
house field dog black run a in blue front a of cream a through a and 
house field black white a behind a across dog a dog . a run and 
dogs field running in in front of a . two a house 
a <unk> home within two grass . of dogs field of a together beautiful in 
together two the through . large dogs running are field off 
and train woman <unk> a boy on a sitting 
sitting bus a boy on and a . woman a 
seats pole orange sitting on by people 
subway people by in seat a <unk> two train a 
two . people train ride the 
riding horseback is girl . a 
a down brown a forest horse on girl path a . rides 
woods . riding horse little in is the a a girl 
a horse riding brown a a view blonde of a dark girl with behind from ponytail 
girl a a horse a on trail . young rides through 
into water a dives . the headfirst man 
rock water man off swimsuit a a a jumping <unk> after the in green . headfirst 
off water jumps some . the into rocks a man 
water rocks falls person the some into . a near 
a . on person into a is blue rocky diving water shore 
while people watch stands in are the the men playing . soccer 
<unk> from two . air teams there in are and them a three , , above soccer men ball is the 
ball . soccer for three <unk> in players collide a the 
two . teams compete soccer 
the players playing field <unk> of a game soccer two on 
of . game the along players slide hockey a during group a ice 
of . hockey group a men playing 
hockey being is a game played . 
a . him goalie on players ice other lays past and the hockey skate 
teams a playing on hockey the ice game two player 
is . dog for it is leaping to , blond a stick who get throwing a orange her woman 
air jumps a . the near in lady dog standing with a 
a , holding is woman a . jumps the air up stick dog a while in 
. to leaping a throw a to woman stick a dog prepares 
collar red dog a stick playing with is woman in . with a a a 
the park running . father in boy a with filled by pigeons watched a background , his in 
watches pigeons a . child among carrying runs while man , bags a 
the on little in pigeons flock a . a of blue ground runs standing through boy 
a boy pigeons around . bunch a man a standing and of 
. running through small pigeons a child flock of 
a try to the bull men on in rodeo horses . rope in 
trying to a in calf rodeo cowboy lasso a is there a . 
a cowboys young two ' . <unk> on with horses chase cow 
riding a small cowboys rope cow to . two horses attempt 
are trying horses . two men lasso on to bull a 
and white soccer shirt shirt man white and . red a in in a a man playing a shorts and shorts blue 
ball watch for a of men fighting fans soccer control two as 
. game <unk> players during soccer two a 
players soccer . for two fighting the ball 
to kick . <unk> players the two ball soccer 
a a arms slides girl up at green . with little a slide down her playground 
down a . little a girl sliding slide playground a at 
sliding a playground a at young girl a down slide . is 
a a slides slide girl young plastic down on green playground . a 
green slide girl down sliding is the . a 
obstacle an . jumps a biker 
a holding a a jumping is wall low . bicycle man over 
man a a small sign bicycle . carrying walks over his 
bike over carries obstacle man 
over the . his the obstacle carries bike biker 
a a with tan pool plays dog white . dog in a baby 
in pool are two a . dogs playing 
dogs outside are playing . two 
in two wrestle kiddie pool . a dogs 
yellow in two . a play green pool dogs plastic 
a runs dog . a field through 
through a grassy . a dog is gray field walking 
a grey grassy dog field a in . runs 
in grassy active . field greyhound a a is 
the field tail the dog traveling . is the through skinny with long 
play . group men a of croquet 
in . a type these people at lacrosse are uniform game 
wait swing to at in three men a ball white . 
man men in a a up hit two dressed walks ball third . white while 
man a them playing white towards in men a behind two them game while are . walks 
a a in against while child shirt a wall . sitting red a with map is eating 
in an eats . world map sits little of and apple of front girl a the a 
a and against a sits wall a a . on blanket snack smiling child eats 
young leans . on map sits the eat a floor against and a to child 
ice eating little sitting girl down cream 
inside a of a train white man subway 
on a a . train by man window sits a 
the a sits by a window train man . in 
of in . train a window sits a man the 
cart man window , in the of the one subway . a side with 
the dog in beach . ocean on playing a the 
through dog ocean the a walking the . water at 
breaking walks beach along a waves dog a . with 
walks of the a blue ocean dog a . clear on shore 
the of is <unk> white at the beach walking through the . the water dog incoming 
white in does a t-shirt skateboard a boy tricks . 
his boy skating t-shirt <unk> arms out jeans with jumps up in and , . , cap knit a board 
trick a a in cement performs a . on skateboarding city man park a monument 
airborne is in city green space . a skateboarder a 
skateboarder in young the a . doing trick park 
track behind is dog six race black . number slightly race a a dog a brown on 
two track . dogs race across the 
two greyhounds . race 
muzzled around dogs a greyhound two track running 
dogs muzzled racing along running two track . 
as a biker him of friend waits ahead his . <unk> bikes 
a in a . motorcycle leather ride to a man prepares outfit 
motorcyclist a drag speeds . a along from one strip motorcyclist away parked 
an driving street are empty . men on motorcycles down two 
people motorcycles black in . two ride leather 
of down of kid set a skateboards stairs a . large railings 
long an inline down . grinding skater is rail a 
in handrail large above staircase a and skateboarder midair . a 
jumping a . railing boy teenage tricks across does a 
stair down railing rides skater a skateboard long 
in . carries dog a stick mouth a its 
mouth stick walks . the his leaves dog in a through a with large 
a mouth long in has golden dog . stick its a 
a a a . in biting branch golden yard is retriever 
the yellow stick grass in with . a a dog plays large 
between team dog two snowy narrow man sled sets <unk> trees dog in a approaches sled . a , a of another <unk> 
a performing dogs sled race 
towards of . sled one <unk> and sled dogs with dogs headed another group 
in running each two group <unk> of , are pulling man a the . snow <unk> 
. dogs <unk> of two sled meet 
another men across with one few a competition the in grass . <unk> 
a is grass a <unk> in grey . man a in the shirt race 
way man a . a leads the race in 
people race lead in . a the the running and guy is grey in 
outside running competition two a in . men 
. bench on in a person park jumping a a bike over the 
on a person a , bench onto leaping bike . a bmx 
bicycle performing person park on a in . skate a a tricks 
over platform a going . bicycle person a raised a riding 
bench a onto . bicycle park a jumping 
dog boy a a ball to a . leap a and watch catch man 
is child near a dog . jumping and man standing a a who are 
. air white boy in , small toy a man a the small and catch their watch dog a 
midair a in a a small white brown black and on catches . as look dog man child and football 
with spot football in on leaping . in white watching dog small mouth with air and boy back man small with 
scooter girl beach riding a . the a near 
background beach sand a young bike on of a in water a others child stands road are while t-shirt front a the the the on in in . on a in near , 
a along riding . a beach area path next gated vehicle a the is child to 
at the ocean . rides girl the 
child the handles something the little holding of is . 
boy in gear a football football running the with 
a football . a with child runs 
child football in on grass . running uniform 
runs the jersey with . in football the the red boy 
and the making while run for a looking is football him a the <unk> boy . behind <unk> 
a a flower runs figure . human past stand 
large of is person display past a flowers . and a plants running 
and runs . person a a shop plant flower by 
passing . in black <unk> runner an is a shop outdoor 
past . stall running is a an outdoor runner flower 
snow snowboarder . of a a mound is doing a over flip 
doing snowboarder a trick in . midair is a 
somebody a in board the air on 
jumping someone midair a some board on of a on in sort . <unk> caught 
. person up snowboard in there high air the a on is a 
a in crowd of colorful . dresses people 
stone women structure . multiple <unk> crowd of different wearing is a colors a 
event for robes <unk> people gather an multi-colored in many 
many and . have are listening <unk> women to gathered 
. <unk> women in stone building are colorful <unk> many a 
underneath brown a itself to . grassy dog see twisting in itself field around a is 
<unk> . big wrestle dogs who look alike two 
are . a playing two grassy dogs in field 
grass play the in each two dogs other . with 
fight two dogs . grey 
kids the on in . <unk> background playing rocks the with a 
a a location <unk> . kids on nearby play rocks lining ferry with of the 
three . shoreline with the a on ferry docked playing the children are background in 
children <unk> a shoreline <unk> three rocky . near the 
on children a rocks lake three playing near 
leaves child a some in playing . 
in the . air and leaves laughing a in pile of little sits tosses girl a the leaves 
leaves . girl outside a playing little of in a pile 
a child jumping of a in pile young leaves 
fallen the is in playing outside . the leaves child small 
the sand the with <unk> sticks in . boys 
a rocky beach sand children the are at the . in playing 
of sand wet beach a in <unk> men the . two 
two are the in shoreline . black on in sand shorts men the 
sand two writing men a . beach rocky in the on 
across <unk> a cat . meadow a large is horse a wild 
black animal . horns a with a <unk> chases 
<unk> on . in a its prey closes 
<unk> is black a <unk> across plain . chasing a a grassy 
<unk> a . on the <unk> plain <unk> a 
a a running with helmet is football football in a . gold player 
for <unk> purple a in is a jersey . ball in a player running the football 
player referee whistle the as . across a his the field blows football runs 
player runs a . a football official an football carrying past 
referee . past player the the football the ball runs 
a a skateboard . does boy trick 
the his in on a skateboard . jumps air man 
a the air . a in skateboarder maneuver doing 
skateboarder . jumps air the into the 
skateboarding the young catches some . while man air 
a park skateboard a does at skateboard a . jump boy 
skateboard a . doing kid trick a his on 
is . boy skate skateboard at with young tricks a park a performing a 
. a a yellow ramp rides skateboard of a at black the man top and young 
. kid legs board between and his doing skateboard with them trick split 
of a instruments . outside group guys play 
. instruments a men playing group of <unk> 
. outside <unk> a plays band 
men musical outdoors . play of group instruments 
building men outside . <unk> play a 
licking brown its nose is . a dog 
is dog the on grass green a . brown 
a in of nose his grass brown the middle dog some licking 
licks in a green while his grass . nose dog brown the woods by standing 
looks dog his at . camera out brown tongue a with the 
boy background in young third another one , boy is smiles boy hitting boys the while the 
dirt paved fighting parking with another in two watching . boys a lot boy 
grey two blue car a in of boys are front shirts . in 
a boys and . two blue shirts car grey in fighting children other two behind 
in fighting two boys a lot in blue parking shirts 
his performing a on jump is . a man snowboard 
. snowboarder glides air a through the 
air . jumps into a snowboarder the 
over a air snow white snowboarder into the launches 
air suspended in a snowboarder the 
of runs a . soccer in in one in front blue red player 
soccer play . men game in a 
in . man man is falling in game shirt a watches one soccer during red , blue while shirt another a a 
a are grassy field playing soccer men two . on 
on running , playing game men . a a field two 
man a a in . batman as running race dressed 
a others down with number . a batman a costume on in a running street chest and is his man 
batman race in costume a a is a . man running 
suit batman . in running a a man 
for <unk> uniform batman the race the runner a 
soccer a ball a female kicking soccer . goal of a while front in 
soccer the goalie <unk> in red goal a uniform the kicks a to ball . at 
ball a . a kicked player just a soccer uniform in red 
woman and young wearing in . shirt a red goal soccer a ball a a kicks stands 
during soccer goalie a young match kick a takes . <unk> the 
bicycler bike . a with his barrier a over jumping 
cyclist jumping bicycle . a hurdle over his carries a while 
bicycle doing his man with . a tricks 
a an man across obstacle his jumps bike carrying 
the through holding the , jumping man is bicycle air a while . 
goes player for from in puck red he <unk> as player in the a hockey . white a 
a during on . almost <unk> two players the hockey ice fall 
hockey compete . the ice players two on 
players . two fighting the hockey ice on 
ice two players on the . a struggle hockey in 
a somersault turning . his a boy in yard 
in a yard does . cartwheels the child 
. performing child in cartwheel a a yard a 
a move a a lawn over tumbling <unk> near <unk> does kid . 
boy attempting little do is a cartwheel to a . 
on of . surf wave a large people a very group 
group wave a catching a of surfers 
ocean and wave in on to the big people surf attempting surfing . a 
on a sea several . are people the wave surfing in 
. at wave surfers a sunset huge ocean on 
to on a next brown blue frisbee beach dog . a standing a 
near frisbee to to . body shaking of a a water dog itself next dry blue a 
playing water a a with shaking the frisbee . in water off after dog 
off dog shaking itself is the . brown 
wet off on shaking water dog beach 
girl woman little behind swings . a stands a , her 
swing . a her mom little girl pushes the on 
at shows a small <unk> on set swing child the park a 
. the girl the being is pushed woman on the by swing 
swing set behind woman on stands girl young 
children black other . a cape girl in in stands costumes blonde a with 
black children with a in a cape of other group a girl 
cape in costumed along girl children a a other with 
children dressed of stand <unk> in one halloween with girl a the group for line . of 
in costumes children line in . standing 
white muzzled . dogs running 
item a over wearing white dogs jumping two small small . muzzles 
jump board . two over dogs white a wearing muzzles white 
play . two in grass white the dogs muzzles wearing 
dogs two barrier muzzles white a are over small in jumping a with race 
microphone sings into . a guitar a playing man 
sings . into microphone a guitar and a plays man 
man older and an is a into . guitar singing playing a microphone 
man . a into hawaiian microphone red singing 
out . a hawaiian <unk> singer the <unk> 
in rain a the track different around small few cars racing a 
car white a with on <unk> . 
rain race . night in the cars at 
through a at on driving . cars rain race night racetrack 
in , the . at track cars , on the night rain are a 
jumps . a wearing boy <unk> from orange 
in other hay children bales of while an jumps a watch shirt orange off child . 
kid . <unk> jumps watch a kids while off a other 
of watch a leaping orange other in the bales is . and boy of children hay pile stand t-shirt the as 
a red jumping boy off is the hay sweatshirt pile wearing of a . 
<unk> in a surfing blue a . man 
. white in wetsuit a blue a a surfboard rides wave a on man 
a the ocean surfs man in . blue in 
surfboard on moving to . a tries surfer <unk> his white 
. a riding the surfer waves blue in swimsuit a is 
boy another . jumps on boy a 
a boy near a jumping soccer boy another with . dive toward ball makes a 
his boy . little soccer net a in on above the ball ground feet the another boy air at lies where the a soccer behind with them 
jumps soccer his onto player the . boy brother 
one playing in the , . are two jumping children is air 
surfing wave . a man a 
behind man the surfs him foam a right . , 
a a . wetsuit in big a surfs person wave 
large on a rides board wave . blue a a surfer 
rides on a blue surfer bright wave board . the blue a 
bathing . a a in a rides swing suit girl 
a swing swimsuit young red wearing girl black on a and swinging a 
young . on suit swinging a hair in is a brown swing swimming a girl with 
child swing motion on in a 
the black little a a wearing girl . on is playing swimsuit swing 
jump bike a setting the with a him with boy . dirt sun behind a makes 
trees on a bike his a . in leaping background boy the with hill over 
jump a . his is a doing kid on bike 
hill bicyclist a over lone . jumping a 
in the person bike . a a air on 
a climber . wall scales a rock 
rock a rock lone wall climber climbing a 
rock a . climber climbs 
face rock up a climbing barren man . 
tree <unk> left of frame , at lower rock in at face . climbs top man right 
dog jumps . hoop through a a 
a . crowd a through the jumps dog while watches hoop 
through dog breed shepherd is . hoop onlookers a with jumping german a 
in front shepherd hoop through a german jumping of black a spectators 
black hoop german watch people jumping shephard through while 
dog a his grass dogs as in look on back rolls . the two on other 
one dog rolling pale two back . on while others nearby is his stand 
. dogs are three playing 
near grass playground dogs the play in equipment the . three 
in play are with white and outside in dogs three set grassy . a playing area the a background brown 
subway , outside a . ready a board to crowd waits train 
standing in of . a people subway front train 
people . station subway at train a by a <unk> 
the people subway as station pulls wait into subway a 
train several a to people waiting on get 
an bicycle is jump and man doing a on . bike skate in indoor center a 
air bike trick in ramp . the a over a on doing man a is a 
. a ramp bicycle trick person a over doing wooden a 
a person a over jumping with bicycle a ramp 
a the . room <unk> on wall with ramp skateboarding a in painted located multicolored 
dog a grass across . runs the 
golden a on running grass dog is the . 
a field grassy . in leaping a tan dog 
dog field leaps . brown through 
dog quickly is . meadow through the the running 
player folding football the a a a mud in football game during 
playing outfits very footballers american yellow are muddy in in . field a 
football other player football carrying with in young him a uniform blue , yellow and . players run muddy behind a muddy a 
in playing mud players football . 
football . mud the playing players in 
a falling off surfer surfboard a as blue wave is hits of on a . he it 
up rides . the wave surfer a 
blue . ocean the man in a falling surfboard off 
. is surfer the in the wave 
on . wave rides a a surfer surfboard blue the 
holding a middle , woman . clothes <unk> a in aged camera 
woman camera wearing jacket a a <unk> a white is . dressed holding 
camera happily . dressed stands her with a <unk> woman 
camera . a holds woman a 
camera holding white digital a woman . and in a is jacket smiling a 
a off a box flip doing man a back 
. a man back doing over flip man another jumps a 
american an in background boys skateboarding with the do maneuvers flag . 
flip wall from <unk> another one jumps over a a back who <unk> doing is 
. two men outside doing some jumps 
a bearded a train on man 
his a train his is resting sitting . hand face man on against a 
on sitting a subway . a man 
. looking a camera on a man the subway at sitting 
on public . a sitting transportation man 
and a boy dog running a on grass 
a a green a white boy in running with field and green brown dressed dog . in 
small . child dog and running a 
green the and a grass . shirted running in white dog child 
grassy boy white and in dog field running 
riders midair bike dirt two in . 
two on track . motocross race dirt a riders 
jump over motorcycles a dirt hill two 
sunny . course on two compete dirt on a bikers off-road a day 
riders dirt jumping two on bikes 
group . of racing a bicyclists 
of . along group bikers a <unk> 
race in men during <unk> a bike a 
a bicyclists in are riding . race several 
. pavement riding bikes different cyclists wearing on several colors 
grass too a a dog big over carrying is for brown . stick him 
stick large in over carries mouth its a the . a grass dog 
stick holds in . a dog its large mouth a 
dog its stick a carrying in large . mouth a large 
the stick playing dog brown . shepherd german a is with 
rocky woman the purse out ledge and at . holding at a edge trees a stands a looks of the 
a shorts a <unk> khaki in a face rock area pink shirt large overlooking and . a forested woman over looks 
a a stands above . shirt red in on a woman a forest monument 
cliff the overlooking the a woman a edge . stands of at mountains 
. big green to next hill , a woman a stands 
black ball in white . uniform midair a floats to yellow a player another in the tries while a uniform off sports and man <unk> in 
. on and the fight grassy a run field two <unk> soccer for <unk> 
the going ball after players are two soccer . 
an soccer . during players two ball battle for match the <unk> 
. opposing two ball get soccer are a to the teams competing on young on men soccer field 
catcher . player with <unk> the a baseball 
in . game a a catcher player another pro out celebrate pitcher baseball and striking 
and a a ready get . striking player ball hug catcher pitcher after to out 
are baseball the mound as pitching the batsman away . celebrating players the walks near 
one during in a . more the game baseball players two professional background , 
rock throwing . in a a creek a boy 
. in a skips boy creek rock a a 
a boy stream in . a skips rock a 
river a a . a tosses across boy rock 
throwing a a boy jeans river in wearing on and rocks stone standing . a , 
<unk> people group of an a at walking in . exhibit single are 
many a <unk> to concrete several with next walking people building 
a class university at students going are to 
<unk> . people tan three five are under the standing 
six walking building with people outside . are these a columns 
bicycle a a riding clown . with big hat a 
a race in clown a riding . dressed a man a bicycle as 
white . red riding a bike suit cowboy dressed with a hat a in man a 
person oversized in bike and trail face . orange a paint an rides his cowboy on a hat 
the and bike a man hat in is the riding costume clown 
a orange slide sliding down a child 
slides a in . slide little boy orange denim down an overalls 
down in sliding overalls boy a toddler slide orange an 
child . a an down young slide orange slides 
enjoys going the child the . down slide 
uniform . ready getting soccer to man ball the a in kick a red 
a soccer a in plays red in a . game man uniform 
red a ball field soccer man in a on a uniform a towards runs . 
player a , during crowd a a gets kick ball in match the watches ready the to uniform red as . soccer 
soccer . soccer red in ball a after runs uniform player a 
water dog a a in goose black and . the swim 
a in are water bird and the swimming a dog redheaded 
swimming lake black is dog a in with the . white duck a 
swimming with black the a is white dog duck 
red with swimming duck white face 
a through boy jumps onto the something . air red 
and child . arm up laughs a holds its 
cushion a a . jumps a curtain onto shirtless red through boy 
. the jumping off white young boy wearing is couch pants a 
little through onto and the the jumps bed the boy curtain . beaded 
rider going large dirt off bike hill some catches a air a 
sand dirt dune . biker a on a 
orange a bike jumping . dirt on rock an man is a 
face down motorbike riding on rock steep man a a a 
is a riding bike bike through a rider . his <unk> motocross 
a his a stunt with is skateboard . doing boy 
on boy a rail a his skateboard . jumping 
skateboarding boy . a 
brown boy over a a practices . low bar a pants black a young wearing skateboard shirt and on jumping 
boy tricks on skateboard doing a 
in a . dressed purple and an dressed child in black adult 
looks . a girl 's face at woman a 
of touches face little an . adult a the girl woman 
a adult a walkway young girl an brick on approaches . 
with her young on down 's a <unk> . <unk> face a touching girl 's woman a face look who 
kick girl near a a doing a woman . 
in a black over . girl high a kicks <unk> 
to adult jeans how a kick an girl show high she can . tries in 
leg next standing kicking . woman to a shoulder her her up the girl to a of 
. kicks a a man woman at 
skateboard a . a performs a trick man with 
snowboarder trick railing a does . a on a 
. a a rail grinding snowboarder down side 
snowboarder a beginning is his run . 
a riding hat . a snowboarder railing a metal green wearing along is 
a in in trees boy . blue 
smiles in in . while jean a tree playing jacket a a child 
young branch hair tree smiling while on a . blonde a with posing boy 
a in , . , boy tree denim coat a smiling blond sitting in 
smiling little climbing boy and tree . 
water <unk> bucket tries pink shirt a of in a girl another to . on girl a 
to a girl wearing <unk> white bucket shirt a water on is . preparing man of a 
boy is an older . girl water a on of bucket a throwing 
onto white girl . the water a shirt the person <unk> the bucket in from little 
<unk> are two playing on lawn people water a . with 
a people . as <unk> dressed group of 
of outside with large gather group . people on a <unk> 
. this as is dressed at party <unk> a <unk> 
painted faces many people have night at . 
. dressed are around in standing <unk> people up costumes 
a dressed girl a and . dressed red are playing another in around a girl as pirate dress 
black girls . in pose and red costumes wrestling a hold dressed 
for halloween girls dress up . two 
. red girls play in together costumes two 
little posing picture red girls for in costumes and black are a . two 
. man to a costume a <unk> in man uniform stands in a next a costume 
in a a costume police . costume to man <unk> in a man next 
. at party people are a costume 
. party people at a costume 
man party . <unk> <unk> is hit at a the the 
bicyclist him horizontal with a a is front . structure of jumping countryside wooden in 
bike in a dirt midair 
midair on motorbike man in a a 
the bicycle a <unk> on is a <unk> air in person a that . 
bike the dirt building high in someone air . , , a on near a 
green a rollerskating in strip a on narrow is guy . 
railing a skating green man . a in a is on shirt 
helmet white his grinds rollerblades . in on green and a shirt man a 
rollerblading bar . on a metal a man 
rollerblades on . sliding a railing 
boys . fight two for the ball 
the hockey . two fight for ball players field 
two trying grass the the to players hockey puck on . shoot are 
players are two field . male in ball hockey chasing opposing the 
in hockey a game field of teenagers participate . two 
. a a boy community <unk> <unk> 
are . church outside <unk> of people a of a standing group 
into of go . a a to waiting group people building white 
<unk> standing a near , . people building a outside are tree looking 
religious gathered <unk> a . together 
is setting . mask a black in <unk> wearing black a man clothing and a 
person . a a wearing mask 
the wear people with background man in a single mask black several a 
black mask black dressed wearing man elaborate in 
raises hand on . man with mask 
basketball . player a miami 
an another player <unk> dribbles man blocks ball miami while basketball the 
man tall playing black basketball . a 
. a basketball orange is and player uniform holding basketball wearing the an 
basketball play two , men 
ball to the . looks a basketball player pass someone for to 
getting . blocked man ball to being holds on a the while move ready make the team a basketball miami 
holding player basketball ball . the 
the . across ball and the holds basketball court the looks player 
basketball the an holding wearing orange and man a is uniform . 
him tries another the . to basketball ball player orange in block in has a while blue 
in a <unk> player in is from blue the . orange player basketball a ball 
the blue for is basketball . orange in challenging the in player ball the player 
is player , the the basketball . orange ball blue the in player the uniform in has uniform the guarding who 
in basketball . two a compete game teams 
white dog running <unk> brown on grass a is 
grass is a white red the . wearing dog from up a collar jumping 
through dog green grass is eye with black and . brown white of a on patches his running 
small grass the in white the jumps dog . 
running open and white brown dog with mouth . grass on 
wearing an uniform basketball player backwards looks a orange . 
in the player being basketball <unk> by jersey blue orange the player in jersey . the is the 
another as basketball him . around tries player the the block looks to player court 
two . playing opposite from basketball men teams 
two play men basketball . 
uniform basketball the a man miami right to looking a in 
man wears a orange a jersey . 
in miami player looks the . distance off basketball a 
a <unk> patch has on mans and the orange <unk> is shirt . flag shoulder the 
the looking miami basketball player is . 
, ground tripod station on camera asleep a a man holding subway at a . the 
platform down a a and lying on man a . train holding telescope 
against a man tracks wall a near train lays . 
with a metal a pillar equipment hands cement against . rests man his on 
a . the sleeping ground man on subway a in 
seen dog of . a it as can the inside the car road from be crosses a 
of in front dog runs the a street car across the 
. road in a runs an middle of animal the 
<unk> a crossing through . the dog vehicle a 's at road looking 
an crossing of a in the car front there is road animal . 
of a rock is man that a closeup . climbing 
a tree a an down with man <unk> <unk> . 
a uses tool a man by tree plaid a in a . shirt 
. with man <unk> tree a in an shirt hits plaid a 
. a red rock <unk> a man is a scratching with 
swinging player bat a a baseball 
white black suit with and <unk> <unk> a a a a . guard wears helmet face 
man and wearing a cricket playing white is . 
on bat , swinging player field . cricket 
with playing is racquet in . person a wooden and <unk> white game the the uniform a 
rock a and the of on distance sit men group in young . look 
scenery three at the on sitting guys . rocks looking 
hat while rocks men sand three on in and in the the sit the man red shirt . looks out 
the sit on men at of <unk> . top three young rocks a 
on guys the two another stands in looking sit distance while . rocks 
european behind looks redheaded in a a courtyard . woman her 
middle a of in the woman . brick road <unk> a 
woman orange square a shoes with in stops . a 
. shoes socks and skirt lady walking red , dark <unk> , in top 
a town long in . woman square skirt in 
his races man orange and helmet shirt an a blue in bike . 
orange an . bicycle suit race a a man a riding wearing in 
his turn on sharp biker a . speed a bicycle makes 
a wearing . biker the helmet is 
the in orange turned jersey cyclist corner . a the 
men displaying <unk> flags at a . their on horses 
. while ride on carrying men flags horses 
in carrying . <unk> tournament men riding flags a horses 
colored . with horses parade on flags of men brightly 
carrying several <unk> . each other past flags riding are 
<unk> man and in yellow . a sign a out " saying " a down holds 
. an elderly a by cardboard sign yellow raincoat a in white sitting to building lady holding is a car driving by up a , 
pan parka in <unk> woman yellow elderly 
a with cardboard coat a . and yellow sign man 
sign and " . older jacket yellow down holds " , out saying woman area in in urban 
small <unk> white background coat . in passes animal a walks a in as a a blue the man 
small holding white animal blue a on a a leash man in jacket a 
a a <unk> while behind <unk> animal blue . man drives small a in a walks white , jacket him bus 
man is . a a a sidewalk a animal with leash on small on 
street leash . the walking man a old on <unk> an a through 
guns . their a members group <unk> army of 
their shooting <unk> in dressed on military ear and <unk> . guns <unk> protection laying 
military shoot their learning to how <unk> . <unk> 
military <unk> <unk> . shoot 
people their are bent to ready down in getting dressed . camo fire guns 
on foot uphill group with on . their race their of shoulders bikes cyclists a 
bicycles are bicyclists hill carrying up their a . 
steep their bicycles cyclists carrying grassy a are . up hill 
up . people hill the their bikes carry 
carrying hill several are up their <unk> a . bikes grassy 
a . in shirt girl candles an orange lights 
lights candle a in . orange a girl 
orange lighting . candle wearing girl a is a 
at a . lighting young a girl flowers candles the <unk> among 
white . shirt lighting in candles girl orange 
brown the is in . dog snow laying a 
snow laying a brown is dog on . 
for while in picture a dog lays snow the brown . posing a 
a in snow brown the dog playing . 
a sitting snow in dog tan is some 
grassy a one leaves dogs in . two covered area on jumping another on 
dogs the with two each . leaves play other in 
in . leaves the puppies playing are two 
leaves by bunch each of a with two other puppies playing surrounded 
colored fighting dark . dogs on , two small leaves , and light 
the jumps . a air band member in 
people the group in while air of playing a . music street jump the in 
man blue jumping is music band while plays a . in pants 
outdoors <unk> . talk people near equipment 
to down a . jumping in several band people and music up the 
in a a boy wetsuit surfboard riding a is blue 
surfboard blue small wave a over bright . water a a in rides boy 
wetsuit a rides wearing blue surfboard boy on . a blue a 
in riding blue water the board the . a boy is 
two <unk> . kids blue in surf 
white a black ball carries toy . a and dog 
and dog carries black toy the green white grass a red . through a 
the toy field holds in white and red a black large of dog a a round handle 
ball red a and black white dog carrying . 
<unk> the <unk> the dog returns . with it toy 
a man shirt an and a accordion . playing white in jeans 
black . is white in a man a accordion playing 
a park accordion . man on plays a bench an 
a accordion man . an plays 
. the boy accordion plays a seated 
position man cement seated while and . looks walk a in down a the a steps step from a on bottom woman headscarf on dog 
steps where a black man a cement sits woman walks dog in down . the dressed black his 
a dog behind a bus her staircase an descends woman outdoor , a . with 
woman sitting walks is some a his a steps dog man where <unk> down young 
woman woman them is one sitting on coming is another down . steps 
his cat man song guitar . plays the on for a a 
while . yellow a a plays him guitar watches a man cat 
cat plays at a his . man yellow his guitar while staring 
to , by man , guitar his computer . a sitting his cat playing 
man is sitting playing . guitar the a and cat with 
stands superman jean of and group shirts a wearing girls skirts . 
with of shirts group a . black women 
white skirts superman , jean and in <unk> pink of black four wear and front women . type shirts similar 
building in , , inflatable of outside . <unk> one girls toy outfits matching holding 
street a walking sunny on girls . in the day 
licking a <unk> floor a room and with in brown green while white dog . sitting tile a its 
feeding next . two empty dog is standing a whilst to bowls lips brown its licking 
a for pitbull as licks food to its the . brown waits bowl <unk> it empty be filled 
feeding tray beside its sitting two dog licking a while lips . is 
his . dog room licking no a with food dish its lips a in in 
girl . and dancing boy a a 
dancing are a . girl boy and 
green shorts brown <unk> . children hood in on room look in a girl a a dancing wearing other whilst is a boy wooden with 
a girl facing are boy other . little and little each a 
are doing dance facing . a other children each two 
on paddles . wearing and of carrying sitting a a raft blue group children helmets are 
and of . a sticks rope of raft paddle group kids made a 
paddle on craft children a . 
on children helmets an raft wearing a water holding and , . and , sit <unk> in oar life 
blue red jackets on life wearing boys several young and a blue raft and helmets 
gets time a of as man lots he air . wakeboards 
jumping . and the on a ski water of waterskiing is one man out 
leaps . air the wakeboarder a in 
a holding air is waterskier jumping the line whilst onto . through the 
on board man . high into the jump uses the air to the the wave 
black . waving lips sweater white hat and with is woman smiling wearing red a a 
and black dried woman a hair stands <unk> among waving corn with smiling <unk> . 
waving next . a corn shirt fluffy to <unk> a dried woman in yellow 
waving . woman a at camera smiling the and 
<unk> waving woman dried between from . corn <unk> a two of 
. a a next dog a girl <unk> police <unk> little to 
. dog near a playing a car police a girl with 
. , dog in car suv garage driveway , in and a white a girl and a a a large an police 
playing a girl next poodle , with white a car to in the a is . little driveway large police 
her dog driveway in the with her playing is girl . 
. a a dog outside ball playing with brown pink 
a brown a . ball running dog red after 
dog pink chasing a ball a . 
the a catches in ball . pink dog park brown 
chasing dog a pink brown . ball 
a their making excited of with expressions people hands group 
who group a about . very excited outdoors look stand people of something 
next . her the woman gives her a a <unk> man raises woman up peace the two and her while wearing hood behind to arms signs 
young and people clapping celebrate cheering by . several 
faces makes the for camera hand and . gestures the group 
camcorder uses watches another a him man in cast a a . while man 
a while . man makes watches a video another 
another . a films a video some smiles man cast with man while 
record event with a is <unk> cast man camcorder a a to an using . 
films man video looking at a man on the while an is . another camera with cast something arm 
. style <unk> has on a a <unk> in hair is cellphone man and tips his 
black tips with a on hair man and talks his cellphone blonde 
with ears hair his <unk> . in a with sitting is man his fingers 
dreadlocks his a with is hear to <unk> <unk> phone a . man ear 
a <unk> with of jacket hair phone a person lots making a and <unk> is . 
blonde girl obama an smiling the a is haired . in camera t-shirt at 
wearing an t-shirt with long girl . obama a hair 
woman t-shirt wearing says a that obama a 
t-shirt young obama an a " women wears " . 
smiling . in woman obama t-shirt 
tosses in girls . with into air a group of field clothing background the girl cheerleader another the in athletic an 
young . women group the one of , a in air up 
throw cheerleaders . air in girl 
five girls cheerleading . 
in cheerleaders their the toss the . member fellow air 
white and a dog looking up black . 
into a sunny . stares on white black and day the sky a up dog 
field , grassy . up in looking a dog a 
dog field up . a a looking in grassy 
the the on grass white dog . running and is black 
guys four on soccer . pavement playing the 
with a four field <unk> are in soccer tree playing nearby . a people 
four at people soccer . distance a playing 
playing four a brown soccer surface on people . 
play the pavement soccer . on four players 
obama an a sign black holds . a man in up sweatshirt 
man in obama black a sign holds up an . <unk> 
over a a raises man <unk> sign his . head 
. <unk> <unk> excited the an for <unk> the obama <unk> ticket of 
<unk> cheers running and the his an <unk> obama . <unk> <unk> <unk> for 
for three <unk> <unk> . signs an <unk> hold 
people signs <unk> pose in their with three . public out 
holding signs and people . <unk> smiling three 
with . <unk> three signs people 
<unk> pose obama signs <unk> . with and woman two for men and a 
brown a man . and is necklace shirt a a wearing black 
black . starring necklace is camera with off a a man 
man at . ahead night a looks straight 
a and short necklace with black hair and . <unk> shirt wears man gray a 
african silver . chain and a wearing is an grey <unk> neck of shirt man 
a a stick black chewing dog and on brown 
. a dog is on and a stick brown chewing large black 
end and a down stick the a brown gnawing on laying dog black . of and 
a stick dog chews . a on 
a bone on a gnawing dog . 
woman a down . a path in walks a skirt 
boards walks . a woman on 
a on her boardwalk with walks . head woman scarf a down a wooden 
walking people park on boardwalk . wooden in several a low a 
bag black a wearing along the walkway woman . carrying the is a skirt wooden brown 
a wall walking a people city about and large red square . with 
it square town <unk> with through of many people walking a 
<unk> <unk> <unk> , . walk people by a 
. group a people of plaza brick on 
a people through . square walk 
a stands car street of busy cop a front in on a . 
man city . a walks in the 
city next to a on . car street an officer stands a 
a suv in an stands . of front policeman 
is a cigarette police lighting a officer . 
into of woods handgun a shooting man a close-up a the . 
closeup black hands someone of a shooting a 's gun 
hands is a . of direction of black in a pair trees the gun shooting 
a in . gun blue a shoots person a shirt 
into <unk> the woods from a handgun someone . a <unk> 
. large sits woman in <unk> a <unk> a a 
white person . three is of a a and in them <unk> with front sitting against <unk> <unk> blue 
woman , , outside <unk> a wearing apron <unk> sits an three . 
. who <unk> <unk> a rests woman out 
the clean lady to the waiting <unk> is . 
. a cellphone banner man blue holding a is on a talking 
sign obama man holding talks cellphone . a while on an a <unk> 
. glasses a carrying is poster the on man talking obama cellphone in an 
hat . the jacket black brown wears <unk> a and obama 
sign obama cellphone <unk> man <unk> with holding and 
camera obama the man a shirt for a <unk> smiles wearing 
cup an a . coffee and holding a wearing t-shirt obama man 
obama t-shirt <unk> a an young man . 
a . obama cup t-shirt a wearing this an is holding man and 
is a <unk> and obama carrying this . drink t-shirt a man wearing 
men a of hats station a couple gas . a in posing picture by for 
wearing guys jackets . two 
in hats . men two together pose 
. men wearing hats two 
stand together wearing and two men . smile hats 
by sponsored road a is . on wet its tires a smoking <unk> car 
in the a drives along race car track a rain 
is <unk> on wet with a a racing driving its car around track . 
with race driving small rainy track a advertising car is on . a 
is lights . with <unk> driving a race sponsored on car wet a 
in hand with <unk> air . the raising and man a has the a on it his t-shirt <unk> is 
<unk> a a man among at night . gestures makes crowd 
man and cheering woman 
<unk> at night with people . <unk> arms their 
raised the women their one and . man have hands of the 
and trampoline and . a foliage of on area boy bounce girl a nearby a playground 
girl jump on . boy outside a little trampoline and a 
trampoline on children playing . a 
bounce . children a on two trampoline 
children trampoline small . a sitting on two jumping and 
red a in hold on flowers group side street <unk> of of the . a white <unk> 
. wedding in attire are and women group a men of 
flowers in red holding women of line dresses white 
. <unk> up line the street many on 
<unk> several wearing red holding are dresses white <unk> 
the grass leaps . black background with bank a from in the dog , of a of water body into a field dry 
jumping blue black with into a water the dog collar is . a 
black a by a runs <unk> lab <unk> lake into . surrounded 
water black <unk> dog the down . to the is jump below running the grassy in 
lake . the dog the is into jumping 
while lady a in a badminton . girl swimming a pool watches playing 
in racket suit looks on holds . pink a bathing woman while badminton a lady a another 
woman sits a play and in another woman . watches pool the 
one beside plays the while another pool woman badminton sitting in the pool . 
on in pool . woman woman looks another badminton playing the while 
boy in a black . jumping is 
background in with boy jumping the a . a sunset 
is wearing shirt a young a black and pants long khaki . boy sleeve 
child dusk is jumping the at . 
young boy him behind sunset jumping with 
soccer is in bushes ball . some grassy with a <unk> in boy a front playing shirt a of in park a 
midair a in ball to boy soccer kick trying a 
ball . towards soccer a the in a boy air leaping 
soccer back ball kick falling a child to a . 
to kick . midair a backward soccer in boy leaning ball 
black man . golden and a , dog beach the on a are large 
. dog his black beach on and a man the 
. a sand man the a dog near wet a in beach kneels at 
dog brown a . on beach the man playing with his 
. beach standing and dog the man on 
him from platform above whilst man a bungee jumping by . a watched is being someone 
<unk> others . a is are man observing a point from at which in 
the with above bungee . <unk> jumping from watching person a 
a bungee from man below view jumping of a 
jumping man bungee this is . 
ball small a in closeup dog his mouth photo a a with of <unk> . 
white . a carrying a ball dog 
ball a dog field . a fetches a in 
a its a . mouth in ball trots dog with 
is ball outside the a dog carrying <unk> 
in a a the man ski . jump snow performs 
a blue a jump underneath sign pile white and . black a a with in top snow skier on of making 
. the a after in jump skier air high a 
to pile over on attempting snow skis jump a man 
after skier . going off airborne is the ramp the 
dirt . atv track an down everywhere the <unk> <unk> racer flying 
. a up lot four on wheeler in a dune is person kicking dirt a a of 
. person riding the is an dirt a atv through 
atv his wheels spinning . rider 
sand quad up . runner goes dune the the 
in rocks on the stream boys are woodland . orange three a shorts walking beside 
three swimming <unk> in trunks . boys walk 
river a men along three shorts in walking only 
along . jungle people a stream walking a three in 
. on three the along the stream side walk a in people of shorts rocks woods wearing 
group snow a dogs the a through . pulling of sled 
a snow sled a pulling over dogs are . team of 
a . dogs of a pulling team sled 
covered pulling of sled team down a a . dogs road snow a 
a snowy pull . dogs forest sled a sled through 
yellow two man a waterfalls between standing . in 
man waterfalls between . a standing 
. a by shirt wearing jumps a into waterfalls a lake surrounded man two yellow 
yellow from of shirt top jumped person waterfall . wearing a the just a the 
waterfalls stands a person wearing two a . shirt between yellow 
. dog a in orange on black field an a white leash and jumps 
is tall through bounding . dog a grass 
a an jumps runs with dog its legs and tall . under rope orange grass through 
. field in jumps dog the a 
into autumn orange a dog runs forest an line with . an attached 
a water his <unk> over swan the swan background a . second in with the wings 
starting wings goose is the geese dark other two a . water dive in blue one has outstreached 
. one in two water , swans is front in are wings its the flapping the 
of surface the on the geese white ocean two 
on swans water two the . white 
. road a sit dirt their jeeps bunch a people on in of 
a two lane all a jeeps people large . down group path driving of 
are traffic and are a all in jeeps of many line people . in 
many <unk> <unk> roadway jeeps . rural a in 
from seen with jeeps , crowded behind people packed . with area outdoor 
runner heading him . to baseman base a out while tries a toward tag the 
waiting baseball player with toward base on another one a running base the 
play two , in people a . making at uniforms are base baseball these 
one the with in jersey red black playing running baseball toward men and the base . two 
baseball two playing . people 
flower bowling a in is a . man shirt patterned 
person bowling to a a a pick at over ball alley up bending 
people at alley bowling . the 
ball the in in flowered the return down at bowling alley person the bending is . white shirt the 
two alley bowling at the . people 
a poster with girl poses girl blond haired with . black a a 
" a women poster night holding " <unk> costumed <unk> two . 
holding a movie scary two girls up <unk> 
. a poster two movie a from <unk> women hold 
<unk> <unk> night for up two the hold " women " . movie a 
clothing a women in . and dark man 2 
who are red black man mouth women with with wearing . standing two around <unk> 
a three wear of together . makeup stand people lot and 
to are a red . jacket a makeup posing scarf in man next two and <unk> women in leather 
<unk> clothing with in red on with women . posing , two , black face man young 
riding . riding wearing boy road gear paved bike down is his a a full 
and a uniform bike child wearing riding helmet bicycle a is a 
a road a riding bicycle . cyclist on a 
street a a bicycle . rides on helmet in young man a 
his boy bike marathon in a . helmet a in riding 
<unk> a fall runs . a dog down the in 
a runs a fluffy near across a dog bridge . forest 
across tan a running bridge . narrow jump a 
running a a dog is bridge . white over 
. running white dog bridge a a over 
. tiger girl a blow-up a a girl another holds is while costume in 
holding to sits on colorful an next tiger a . a outfit a in girl bench inflatable girl another 
in . girls sit costumes 
to the toy in and black a girl costume girl sitting is next a is holding . wearing 
, inflatable white one women an and a sitting <unk> on <unk> bench tiger faces costume two a with other woman their in woman the carrying . snow , 
man . <unk> leaping air the with a behind a him into mountain 
forest a to he poses . in jumps rock a from as rock man 
a of man . boulder off a steps 
leaps the rocky air a through mountaintop from man a . young 
young rocks a between in midair he two in man . jumps poses <unk> a as 
by <unk> through on <unk> and the . <unk> second a getting furniture window floor 
pulling a of something out <unk> window second are people 
. a building are walking on a street of people outside 
to the ropes floor something on . trying a holding while get onto second people through window 
building window and furniture . ropes <unk> of a move through using the <unk> people 
young men a toy of a group wrestle <unk> floppy each sword other . with 
toy teenagers with playing a . sword are 
people are around with knife playing fake three . the a 
fake holding open a and is one sword mouths men three with 
attack third to colorful two young <unk> man knife men a pretend a with . 
woman man with haired poses blonde white and hat and woman . a wears a the black a 
costume party are three people for . dressed a 
three costumes . for in pose the people camera dressed 
with and posing faces picture <unk> of people smiles for on people the the three two big 
three costumes various smiling people . in 
couple . toy other a tiger holding while a each , hug 
plastic . while holding couple hugs a tiger a 
couple an tiger with inflatable . a 
orange tiger a a with plastic posing and white couple 
. inflatable a as tiger and woman a with a <unk> his dressed <unk> toy man poses 
. boy colorful in a and a costumes dressed are girl 
snow talking a to red in a white a man is . girl a costume costume in 
characters <unk> are like jackson ' video two . 's children in ' michael dressed up 
in people . two costumes dressed 
people each dressed other talk in to costumes two . 
<unk> neck blond their and have and asian face an guy <unk> lady a on . 
woman for . and <unk> a man a pose picture 
dressed and woman costume pose a for man the camera in . 
. woman dressed is asian is <unk> a <unk> an as with dressed up movie man as an a posing 
outfit man in by . a a in sunglasses <unk> woman <unk> 
three group a people of walking . together 
pattern a a stands . a man in fancy club ladies outside two with jacket 
formal <unk> dress in . , standing people , faces three 
. clothes dark man are in taking a a picture coat with in colorful women a two 
away . at a and man looking camera two the looking women 
a the . in beach and black brown at playing a water dog 
a white is stand and black and dog . brown that water the in a dog 
black large and a dog the in small water standing are . dog the red white and 
body other water while a sniffing are two dogs . of each standing in 
in the two water dogs . 
fighting a game ball . during are girls over a two 
sporting event woman competing in two a 
women ball two small a . game a sticks white are playing with and 
. during with a two a game for women sports reaching ball sticks are 
two . women playing field hockey 
. blue speed making turn a skaters a with group of advertisement them a behind 
three round a . skaters ice corner 
skates on ice racing . people three 
racing the skaters ice . three down rink speed 
. three skating skaters speed 
surfboarder white . riding surfboard lone a a a wave surfing 
. a his on huge surfboard catches a wave man 
wave . a a down going surfboarder 
surfer makes on wave a turn a a . 
is wave surfer riding the . a 
jumping in backyard little a . girls together a group of 
on a covering young with several . trampoline girls blue a playing 
girls happily jumping . three 
. girls three trampoline jumping on a 
with play . girls and young together <unk> joy 
with on white . jumping man a and man ring a wrestling face in a hair is another long 
wrestler in a rink on a wrestling the . the performs man move 
professional wrestler onto flying another takes . wrestler a leap a 
ring wrestler laying onto who . a is in falling a is wrestler another 
fall people . wrestler are watching the 
a a at is . the wheel of car driver race 
a thumbs a inside man sign up a red car gives race . 
is man of while . man back a race is the red it a at car another in 
smiling red a sitting a is . man whilst inside racing car 
smiles a driver a up the thumbs race . race car gives before and 
the pine and dog mouth cone in grass a a . black its in holding white 
is dog a the a on cone grass black and biting . on white pine 
dog playing black pine . a cone and with a white 
eating a . pine a cone dog 
pine plays dog a a with cone . 
walking <unk> . people of group are dark-skinned past a wire 
some <unk> walking group by a road . a passing of are people down 
a . of fence people group walk near <unk> carrying bags wire a 
is their with family a <unk> leaving . belongings a few only home 
group surface black and a walking on brown adults . of children a are small 
dances another brick boy wall as a a on boy short stands . 
structures on playing are . two <unk> boys old very 
two outside boys building play a . 
outside <unk> people two doorway stand near an . 
in boys playing front <unk> gate young of 
shirt a is sidewalk boy riding skateboard . teal on a a a wearing 
. is fence beside a man ramp shirt wearing a a white on skateboarding green a 
a light skateboarder . shirt green a in 
outdoor night at . shirt a rides young a a park in skateboard male an blue wearing 
. at night by a skateboards fence young man a 
over colorful in <unk> air brown a leaps dog the 
some in . air jumping over is a the leaves dog 
dog backyard a leaves of is full running . a through 
<unk> leaves plants potted . covered dog in over a yard in a 
small plants dog the the leaves fallen amidst and is . potted brown 
corner in a a woman . race a turning 
a is park a woman bicycle . a in riding blue 
speeding trail cyclist the down . 
dirt cyclist a on riding female . course 
bicycle blue woman helmet wearing on 
an with is <unk> wire orange wearing black . fishing collar a dog 
collar in . off brown a shaking water orange an dog 
off dog wet getting after is a shaking . brown 
an the wet collar orange off shaking with dog a . water 
wearing collar water off black the . a shakes red dog 
woman playing and instruments . a man a 
black electric a and in an skirt violin top woman plays . plaid a 
a members plaid other in with band a in a a <unk> is playing setting violin woman skirt . 
holding . woman black <unk> in is tights a a 
plaid a black . and skirt a shirt violin woman in is playing 
female player hockey ball hitting a the lawn 
hockey an ball . girl uniform orange a in a field hits in 
in . girl orange the hockey ball a in is hitting field 
playing orange ball in on and girl of uniform field swinging an grass is at athletic a an . a green 
a orange striking stick the is hockey in . ball woman with an strip her player 
a adult pushing . boy male a an wheelchair in is young 
hospital pushing broken into with the a boy foot young is . someone a 
large wheelchair pushes a young man in a . a boy 
wheelchair child a large pushes man a . a in young 
in man a the . wheelchair boy is a pushing little 
dog water . stick long a carrying a in 
through a a up . water dog picks <unk> his stick with mouth while 
water mouth big a . his large furry stick in with a the walking dog through 
river holding swimming branch the is . in dog , a the 
the the from the branch water dog . retrieves 
wear on the the perform <unk> boys in dressed . grass athletic 
. a are boys around two field running 
are running in a side two . by men side field 
parking a field two lot across men a near run 
<unk> frisbee playing teenagers two 
a . surfs boy 
a rides with young boy light blue him behind water on a surfboard . 
a . surfing young male 
surfer the blue young large a surfs wave . 
boy water young surfing blue on 
baseball in jumps flight a stairs boy a of . cap a over 
a in striped the hat a steps boy tricks and shirt on does . 
air some steps , jumps baseball in boy a a near cap , the . wearing 
the young a through man staircase near jumping a air 
wearing jumping air there the cap boy baseball jeans a a and . in is 
a dog orange through . long black tunnel running a 
a tunnel of coming out and yellow orange brown an dog 
a through brown tube large orange dog a . running 
a tunnel runs through orange . brown a dog 
is through a running dog the tunnel 
large and black alongside dog white dog one a running . brown 
of in grass the running the front on trees are two . dogs 
two area dogs grassy a tall through are . trees running near 
in the . running dogs two grass 
background in two . trees the with dog 
jumping large a a . boy over ground the in is hole 
. into a jumping a person hole 
ditch . a jumping land is a and into <unk> off 
construction on under a in the pathway boy young . jumps a hills air the in 
. the it ledge jumping and a into little dirt kids off is below the 
the ball tennis a . player hits 
player hits . and ball a tennis a the face makes serious 
tennis a ball is hit green to . in a attempting a a racket woman sport outfit with 
tennis woman ball . outfit a green a <unk> in the dark young 
yellow player female green in hits ball dressed tennis 
water a a . barefoot at of stands of edge in boy body the a hat 
wearing boy creek . the in a plays red 
red person the waves a stand . watches hat in a <unk> 
a boy splash rocks a . makes young water the in the near 
the red river shirt of the in <unk> . and hat is wading boy the in the 
through in field a with a dog running its ball a mouth 
a runs . brown grass dog on 
ball a grass yellow holding through runs . the wet a dog tennis 
white dog its a the in . mouth ball and has black 
grass a brown in ball with his is . mouth the dog white the in and black 
a . stools diner on four in children 
stools . and children at sit bar a on four grey bar yellow tall 
small children four tall stools on sit bar at restaurant . a 
to children a four on . stools sitting young bar counter next large 
sitting stools are on a bar four for large kids at drinks young waiting 
grocery <unk> dog sniffs bags a . at on a counter 
against kitchen bags the up standing get a is to . <unk> into trying dog 
and the hind on on has dog his head a kitchen counter . legs standing his paws front 
bags with red grocery dog counter climbs 
dog . against with bags a two filled on legs counter leaning 
soccer on of group field the play men . a 
in tries kick as one the in in leaps red a . a white air uniform uniform to a ball a man 
foot one a has in game is the . while soccer man air down , one during another 
challenging in player soccer in is for . the the player white in red the ball midair 
teams two . playing red the in one other white , soccer are is in 
a with located <unk> biker track along wooded a area is a riding . 
of jumps downhill mountain . a off a while biker going fence 
. a a on surrounded person trees ramp does bike a tricks on by 
. in riding woods the bike person a a 
doing trick . on on bicycle a person fencing white 
barefoot . rides a shirtless a road along skateboarder and 
in the street skateboards down man shorts . a 
street in striped skating down a a . skateboarder shorts 
a and the teenager no road a striped long shirt skateboarding ocean . shorts a down wearing is 
skateboard rides man down near . beach shirtless <unk> , street tattooed 
noses racing of their dogs greyhound . with covering group muzzles a 
greyhounds of racing jerseys group muzzles a with . and 
. a racing group striped down with run track numbers wearing dogs a of uniforms 
against are . racing dogs four in greyhound each a competition other 
with run , numbers jerseys . racing wearing dogs , by 
surfer . a wave the in a with others background two on 
rides toward background in other two surfer , shore surfers distant . wave 
beach a the several surfers wave . ride approaching 
a someone . blue riding is wave 
waves large boards riding on surfers are their . 
on the drinks . man grass water a a and sits from bottle 
a sitting man of soccer water on . a field drinking bottle a 
sits the takes drinking and a an in break grass <unk> water . 
sitting the soccer is a player drinking from water bottle field . on a 
a field on soccer . sits drinking player the water 
courtyard turns a a <unk> a boy in . 
with behind benches a . child turning him a <unk> 
standing a tiled area . gray boy young on is a 
turning young <unk> standing courtyard a a . a in boy 
a the turning in . young boy <unk> street 
dog air and through brown a the is leaping . white 
dog runs brown and . in a white a field 
. into a the jumps white dog air 
running brown is the through white . grass and the dog quickly 
across grass dog the white runs . the brown and 
. vest orange a running on beige grass <unk> dog with 
<unk> grass dog an a across . vest playfully the wearing orange 
golden short running grass wearing . retriever an a outfit orange on 
plays wearing in orange light-colored . grass dog the a 
the . clothing wearing grass dog and running white is orange the through 
herself player <unk> . female tennis a 
. getting ready the tennis game ball to girl serve in a of a is 
in black . white a a skirt shirt tennis and on court woman a 
to serve tennis the preparing ball a playing woman . 
shirt , wearing woman black , is and a surface white skirt on . a in green a short artificial motion a 
his stomach a surfer on . and wave riding a is male 
is wave . man on a a blue a surfboard on 
. wave catch prepares to surfboarder a a 
a rides surfer waves . the 
on on surfboard person a stomach blue . wave riding 
. along a two running wall guys 
<unk> arms out their from men two their . holding 
red walls shirts walking building to in the appear be <unk> men on decorative two . a of 
the of shirts a men in two walking walls . white red building on 
leaping white building <unk> in are a two . wearing men pants red of shirts dark and front 
beyond on surface dog just black a runs a in and with a white its toy . blue fence a mouth grassy 
shaped black in bone is fence running toy its mouth a . a a <unk> <unk> blue wire with dog 
running a dog his in black with mouth bone blue a is . 
blue black toy running his a mouth in dog with . a 
a a blue dog is in mouth with bone its running 
riding mountains through man . horse is the jacket yellow in a a a 
a shown , a man horse in and clouds are while the mountains background . rides 
riding in a horse a a man of mountain brown front scene poses . 
the background on with sits mountains in a . a horse man 
sitting brown background horse man . in on mountains with 
pumpkin a in his funny arms a patch face boy a . making in the air with 
up <unk> boy jersey patch in . <unk> a a pumpkins jumps of to a 
boy standing in a pumpkin his arms whilst out . is a stretching patch standing 
lot standing small boy pumpkins . among a raising a his and hand of orange 
in a makes gesture red pumpkins football . a a midst in the as stands jersey he young boy of large 
a little . with father the in girl a on park <unk> blanket playing her 
on he 's back a a man . her hands with sitting air in little while girl the laying on blanket is is a 
a man lies . a child his blanket back a on on blue with 
girl . man back a a on sitting small 's 
" tackles <unk> the man a " sign girl little the ! for makes and <unk> 
. and pounces her in onto blue colorful girl a skirt shirt a bed 
jumping a . a on clothing a girl <unk> colorful bed is <unk> with in 
a through a woman landing air and . is on bed flying the 
. the skirt a midst colorful a in a is girl onto falling bed in young of 
in multicolor bed <unk> . multicolor above woman a with airborne a skirt 
<unk> a perform crowd <unk> for . 
are of . of a pool of people in jumping dolphins crowd three front out a 
a in <unk> pool at jump <unk> . three <unk> 
at time crowd are <unk> in into a same . the air jumping very of front three large the 
three people watch are . air jumping <unk> while in the 
mother his slides water child a held by , . down , slide a 
. a a woman slide into water pool boy a a young holding slide down 
splashing child coming woman as a is they holding into a a slide . pool up down a 
boy is lap slide her little a water a on . sliding a woman with down 
small boy pool her a purple on down lap with a . slide water a a into slides woman 
running in is dog yard . a brown a 
grass brown dog jumping . the a through 
a grass a fence the dog wooden runs behind with in . brown 
dog a yard a fenced running in 
running grass dog on brown . 
ball the for runs tennis dog a . 
tennis runs ball a shepherd after a german 
a yellow ball black and chases dog a tan . 
catches shepherd dog tennis ball 
dog ball a german chasing is after . the shepherd 
. a plays dog black big outdoors brown and 
. tan leaps dog over grass and black green the a 
a the outdoors and runs brown on sidewalk a of grass black dog . in front 
dog runs . a 
a <unk> on left . german jumps shepherd grass 
wearing orange is an and . an headscarf lady elderly <unk> indian 
camera the woman . an smiles for elderly 
<unk> woman covered a <unk> smiling . old a by shawl is in 
an woman orange a smiles at wearing and scarf camera the . looks 
stands metal old hand woman in . teeth <unk> with object 
a water a is holding woman . child walking through 
a a child yellow . in in the woman water carries 
a child a a . through is small woman carrying river 
shallow . while her water <unk> carrying through woman a child is 
the lady carrying river her child in . 
purple uniform in <unk> was by in red . player ball player chasing uniform the a and was soccer and white a soccer a a 
playing the soccer are guys . 
purple ball the red in the the in soccer man . keeps from player 
fighting a grassy ball on are soccer over players two . field soccer a 
. soccer ball players two a soccer kick 
older balcony dressed . white lady an winter in clothes looks out a over 
scarf railing white a behind a a in and woman . coat 
scarf sits a in a white out rail and looks . woman maroon over a 
a close-up blue scarf purple coat a on chair lady sitting in a and of a 
sitting person enjoys on cold sunny deck day . on but the the elderly 
in their ladies . at garb the three attention native stand 
people with green dressed , holding three and in orange , . hands , another one , yellow 
thin three in . women colorful dresses 
brightly dresses . women colored in three 
women hands three dresses colored . hold wearing bright 
one large toys dog . walk and with their a a small 
its its dog black a and small is is a carrying mouth something orange carrying white in bigger dog in something and . blue mouth brown 
. near dogs water two outside the playing 
two outdoors . dogs each with play other 
. their dogs two toys walking with 
sheer helmet white a a to man a face rock in clings 
white man . helmet a a wearing climbing is rock 
his climbing man all equipment . a rock with 
white helmet climber wearing . rock a a 
man rock bearded climbing . 
a sand in the . lays black dog 
dog sand in sits a . black 
dog red sand in a . sitting collar black with a the 
sand lab black . a sits the in 
. sits brown the a beach on dog 
stands boy pool a a outside . in 
a some water in boy <unk> little is playing . a at 
a playing bent is in over water shallow child pool shirtless . 
playing in a pool . young boy a 
shallow plays the boy pool young water of in swimming a . a 
is . bowling a the pitcher baseball ball 
. ball the playing baseball throwing a man , 
ball a . pitcher the throws 
pitcher league <unk> 
baseball throwing a baseball in guy is a a , baseball uniform in field is and the , 
by a side its another a races catches . <unk> <unk> on motocross on a while after bike 
third on <unk> another bike jacket . to ground <unk> in yellow one while a dirt the away on man a looks a a man and 
making man a motorcycle on tight a turn a 
someone yellow watching bright . in off a a is person person and their is riding fall their jacket bike motorbike a 
a rider bike is sports of bike looking . at <unk> rider other 
. in girl pajamas boy a and with blonde make-up a 
a a . covering her his arm with around boy girl face 
girls a a boy puts arm little around her . little 
hugs a a boy . little girl young 
covering the with hand to his sitting is the next boy his . girl little face 
riding on a is 's . back a child man 
a house . and wrestle a inside man a boy 
piggy floor the a back giving man a boy on . little a is 
wrestling the floor . man a a with on child 
back playing boy young a on mans another 
a athletes soccer playing the legs two of on field 
playing of <unk> two lower kids soccer the 
ball in soccer attire chasing guys two a soccer . 
people watch play soccer . while three two people 
soccer chasing in the ball players . grass two a 
and tropical a is ball blue carrying location black a white the house yard through a dog a . of in 
in across walks dog black grassy yard . its with white toy and blue a mouth dog a a 
. blue grass a dog with the spiky a plays ball in 
a plays toy . dog with a 
in ball has . dog white and mouth black blue 
brown white off shaking water . dog a 
water red a off bandanna . bulldog a shakes with 
a dog shakes dry . 
water off . shakes wet a bulldog 
shaking . its wet a dry dog self 
playing in woman of a a leaves field and girl are a 
up who are autumn play girls the dressed falling little leaves in . 
and girls . the young leaves the in dressed , two <unk> playing outdoors as are are 
girls as two <unk> . small dressed 
. walk two along leaves the girls small 
a in muzzle . metal race a greyhound wearing a 
a black dog white racing a track and on 
a collar dog running a <unk> and a white red . with 
a . runs a greyhound white a muzzle around dog track wearing 
a turn racing a dog dirt . muzzle the with a around track of racing is white 
. girls between sits a boy swing two on a 
a children shirts . blue swinging three in swing on set 
swings people on . three 
shirts green wearing three on . ride people swings together the 
, shirts a and shade all . two wearing jeans on blue with three swing of blue girls same are boy the 
blond some a water off into a cliff jumping man 
is pool man watch while . of others jumping three a rock water a a off into 
river rocks people four 's <unk> a at the on edge are 
people stand . below with cliff rocky water by a 
three on people cliff a body rocky over water of . a 
is sailing man a wind ocean . the in 
on the a stands in man . water sailboat a 
near a . the man windsurfs beach 
in a the windsurfing person . is water 
the . <unk> near a in beach 
. one chases another across small dog grass 
dogs on two the run . grass 
brown running two the spots grass in are little with . dogs white 
other white grass brown the chase after dogs each . small in and two 
two through dogs spotted field are a running 
high ramp . a mountain from jump range a doing skier snowy near a a 
winter enjoys . jumper fun a ski 
next red jump off . a flies of a <unk> snowboarder big which a sign is to 
a from tournament a having . in the snowboarder off is taken big in up jump air a 
. snowboarder the large ramp mountains jumps a a in off 
jumping . dogs are two the 
and two dogs lawn white racing a brown across . 
and across . brown dogs white grass running two 
lawn across dogs . together grassy a two run 
dogs . in and <unk> bound two white small brown 
a a guy at doing night . skateboard on is a stunt 
man the street with his in . wearing jumps a skateboard green 
traffic jumping cone a a skateboarder . 
jump on skateboard . a taking man young a a 
traffic the . skateboarder cone a does jump near a 
a image of tan and pants shirt a green closeup man a blurred wearing . 
men picture . the street walking distorted of two a in 
pants picture a <unk> in . has brown stretched man his and 
. green a hooded the down sweatshirt and a wearing walks pants <unk> man street 
beside with man stands . dark in blue man pants brown front jacket and another building of a a a 
a is yellow <unk> a near of bicycle walking . a man group with a helmet in yellow a 
sidewalk on yellow walking a alongside man bike a is . a 
a man bike his a yellow street with on 
and walks his wearing black man bike helmet . with yellow a a yellow 
along wearing yellow a a man yellow a bike helmet walking his bike sidewalk 
a a the sidewalk . riding man motorcycle down 
rides sit person <unk> . surrounded a a pigeons while by bench women a on 
bench a a street pigeons and on with woman motorcyclist a a , . 
are the . the in street birds 
at them eating two a table on pigeons with to woman of the lot a next street 
. off a jumping lake into rock a dog a brown 
rock . water dog a leaps brown from into a 
water . a dog a into of is body a dive taking 
dog from a . over the a water leaps rock 
is into water the . dog the leaping 
and smiles at looks a a . man she woman 
at talk woman a looks man face while they 's . a 
. lady man at stares a a 
woman middle the is at a middle aged aged looking . man 
an look a an woman man older <unk> gives . 
while crashing behind . another rides surfer a the waves follows 
one man laying a man one a surfboard . light riding surfboard on on and waves 
open riding water are surfers two waves . in 
wave surfers a . two small riding on 
. two tricks perform the in waves surfers 
riding <unk> mountains the . a in 
bike bmx a a . a on man jumping dirt ramp 
dirt <unk> over bike . a rides his path a a on man 
biker mountain jumps mountain rock a . a on a 
mountain a man jump a doing bike the air in . riding 
wearing running . dogs are small white five muzzles and 
five across muzzled white dogs , and lawn brown . run and white grassy a , green 
. camera running dogs with five towards are white muzzles the 
the grass white are in dogs muzzled . little running 
in are . racing on dogs several muzzles the grass 
piercing haircut a and finger crosses arms her a girl short and her with bites . <unk> 
redheaded has her . very face pale a <unk> hand teen to her 
. woman blue is her face finger wearing a resting beside nose a her 
mouth with holds to her hair hand a red her looks <unk> woman . and 
. her alone stands <unk> red look woman face short with a on hair with 
. through the a runs dog woods 
area pale a <unk> dog a wooded tan through 
in is a object carrying . dog mouth small a its tan 
a dog tan running 
through . the is trotting a dog leaves yellow 
looks in to shirt a jacket white man his and side a . brown a 
looking off side a to a brown man in the jacket 
a man looks left white jacket to in a his 
crowded standing a in area a . young man 
<unk> man looking clothes off casual camera . in 
muddy on play <unk> children naked the . 
boys . in mud the three playing 
muddy playing rural children in three . in water area 
children playing three . water muddy in naked 
and are three . a are playing ; little naked up standing river in mud covered in one is boys 
two <unk> in girls dresses . 
smiling in . looking back evening girls and two wear are 
their show two off of ladies backs low dresses pretty the cut 
dresses look camera facing women behind <unk> have away two smiling the turned their from heads in them . to 
for picture look women a over dresses . <unk> wearing shoulder two their 
standing a . sound <unk> group people a are table around of 
. looking a sound of group people equipment at 
equipment sound . inspecting indoors people are 
equipment people . examine 
six behind people equipment <unk> . standing 
is in people a two talk front and computer while on a man working sit . 
a the five seating computer person and , area in a people at . 
while computer person sitting working at a wait a people . is 
on computer . background other in working person other a individuals with three with a the equipment talking 
computer standing and around people several operating equipment 
white jumping with a into is blue girl leaves pattern sweater a of in pile a a . 
pile of a leaves . girl diving into sweater a in a 
girl a into is pile jumping of leaves a 
of into is . leaves a pile a girl jumping 
diving is the a into girl a pile brown . leaves in young of yard 
, , jacket arms a a crossed glasses his in blue shirt . with and smiling man black 
a in coat and smiles . man glasses a leather 
. man teeth with in leather jacket his a showing grins a 
, blue a glasses a shirt and wearing black with a smile man a jacket 
glasses . man jacket and a wearing leather a smiling 
on . holds electronic he up look and man while male a another device an 
friend his with takes a of . a and him his phone picture man 
himself of picture guy another a a and . man takes 
for a two on phone a men . camera pose picture 
phone the of two picture the with one of together taking a men men 
camera man looks a blonde . the at 
blond . camera looks at the another into man man eyes the while looks his 
dressed each two men face other in . blue 
heads their in other sunglasses on each men facing a two . with crowd 
, talking . two on their heads men sunglasses , with 
street walking urban . people lots across street lit a a brightly with of 
busy walking as street people . a are city 
scene a . area crowd a downtown in 
night city walking in at blurry . the people 
are people on . night walking street a busy at many 
an white hat with a reading book person . <unk> a elderly is 
in <unk> a hands hat through a she scarf looking has her an woman book in is . and 
book . wearing reads older hat an woman a a 
an . lady book <unk> old a <unk> 
hat white a reading book a woman in . a 
a . of in front a airborne biker crowd is dirt 
audience jump . doing a of in motocross an rider front a 
air performing a man on high trick a in motorcycle the . 
front in the jump bike of . in doing air the the is crowd a motocross 
. the in does air trick motocross a rider the 
a bikes track on . of bunch racing a 
racetrack of group round men the a corner a on . motorcycles on 
motorcyclists of race a group in . a 
. race a racetrack motorcycle on a 
numbered the with the . on <unk> background turn racetrack in round a motorcycles 
men standing in are two . <unk> a studio 
several men a in room by dim computers surrounded two 
foreground the looking computer at men with . in other <unk> each two 
a behind <unk> . and computers stand containing two men table 
two an area computers inside multiple men stand <unk> with . enclosed 
full a people . speaking all room black of a female is to wearing 
computers with . a <unk> gathering and of people 
a in front class standing being is small of a <unk> while teacher 
a woman a a presentation . <unk> of whilst group is to people giving being 
<unk> . takes in place casual <unk> 
stands a dog on while . legs his another hind dog on looks 
dog dog the grass brown black watches in the jumps the as . 
grassy two a dogs . , in a field one jumping for brown ball 
two a in ball street play a field dogs near 
a two in field with grassy small dogs playing a . blue ball 
a dog front . black a and stands white sign of in collar a with green 
swim a pool into jumping dog a a for is competition 
dock pool . off jumping into a water of a dog a 
across a water of a puddle dog <unk> walks . in <unk> 
through black running . shallow furry and white a pool dog is the 
girls in evening a . for pose four picture attire 
for in evening wear a four girls are posing photograph . 
pose wearing formal four <unk> . woman smile together and 
. are together for picture standing , four women a posing 
dresses four pose . together in women 
<unk> surfing lone ocean a huge wave a in . the 
the ocean a <unk> man in 
on . a green it line while surfing person a to holding a in jacket 
. surfing a person green in wave a 
, waves <unk> a on in person a a . the surfboard onto holding 
tent stairs two . a a the set , and of bottom are there men at of 
. <unk> men a a in tent in <unk> outside area 
people . a of tent shelter stairs in the near bottom 
people . a wall tent two near in brick are a 
. a two tent rock in near people wall a 
. class students of full a 
. <unk> a a watching presentation students of 
screen a that <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> big being and . is held 
a of are <unk> <unk> at people . group a a watching 
of a is in presentation a of a people giving lot man . front 
distance the looking man three into 
cliff . a three standing on men overlooking the mountains ocean and are 
big are in , the . the staring green men three hills at distance 
at three hill . men grass looking covered 
looking men at stand a mountain another on three . 
wave . huge a lone surfer a riding 
a large a surfboard . person over up comes a wave riding 
. to it a flips is surfer ocean board his so the <unk> 
ocean stunt the surfer a is in a . jumping performing 
wave a a makes . the move on surfer <unk> 
a on seated is in the . all the floor dirt to man people talking dressed white 
is to and sitting in a head cap pointing robe a . a blanket of on people white white long a group man 
. to people sitting a a are in man stands white who robe talks and 
seated white a people white over group of long man robe and wearing , stands a a cap a . 
are shoes off with children the their . sitting 
. ceiling bicycler a the air his the does and <unk> a on trick in is shadow 
a in bicycle a air doing his on boy trick the 
is . his a bicycle doing jeans man and a a brown on trick shirt in 
inside midair a bicycle trick man in performing . a 
a trick bike midair is the on a doing in . man 
leather and in a boots leather man . jacket a 
mostly <unk> in nighttime leather in . area man a clothing a stands 
front camera . of jacket poses man a the leather a in wearing 
leather black jacket man black in 
leather man gear . in motorcycle 
scary man woman makeup <unk> complete two like . dressed and with a 
and man costumes dressed women . two a in 
two in costumes <unk> and one women man dressed 
party at party some . a <unk> halloween in costumes pose their 
wearing a . make-up picture costumes people dark and for three pose 
<unk> . women dressed group star from as of a characters 
four costume in women to with the dressed , . one wig look , pink a left 
four up dressed in women . funny costumes 
pose four costumes their . in <unk> women 
. women three wearing <unk> 
. faces at a baby woman and holding a it making 
up woman making baby a a holding and face funny a 
makes small a . a child at woman faces 
a wearing man glasses wearing the . blue baby holds 
making holding faces the is baby woman . that is at the she 
a who attempts push is carrying ball another . man to a 
soccer from . rival tackle to a a team prepares player the player 
. ball catches as he pushes the another player a player soccer 
behind from another ball hit holding a is player . rugby getting by player one 
from , red ball two players white teams the black , different and fighting . for 
people ribbons <unk> of display dogs by a . group their 
. grassy of pose with a a dogs field their in group people 
the are dogs beside five three people with field . the in green road standing 
in dogs with . stand people the three grass five 
a for three . picture dogs posing women five and 
<unk> man , a . yellow mask in a gold shirt wears a 
shirt and a his a a <unk> hair yellow wears golden with mask man . 
a a sun wears gold . man mask 
gold a a mask and on with his man shirt face yellow . sun 
yellow a golden wearing mask a . sun shirted man 
guy girl in costumes a up and dressed 
hugs teen made " a man " <unk> <unk> as dressed like woman a up . a 
woman man a mask a a is <unk> in . wearing with ears <unk> 
wearing has who the . is arm man wearing the pointed the his fake and ears woman mask sunglasses around 
like dressed the are individuals up animals camera posing for two . 
a waving off is . a person zip hanging line 
pulley to harnessed . cable a woman by a a 
a at rope waves the from a a woman harness . on camera hanging 
woman a <unk> barren through <unk> . 
a a waves zip . woman line she rides as 
are holds and one a looking another baby . both a lady at they 
a her who a is baby . at holds glasses with up lady looking 
a blue baby jumper in woman . holds a a 
holds toddler woman a . a 
under wearing a a light holds woman a blue shirt . child <unk> t-shirt a wearing a gray black 
gravel pile brown walking concrete background dog a a on and in with <unk> . white the 
. brown a way <unk> a its of is dog making pile through 
is a dog a in . <unk> 
dog cement platform at a a looking <unk> stands on . down 
a . concrete climbing down a tan of dog is pile <unk> 
a a teammate from the game with during goal . goalie a hockey <unk> blocking 
on look and a while to tries goal make player player the another . goalie hockey a 
professional play a shooting goal for . a a in game hockey 
goal hockey <unk> players . front the of in 
the a by with goalie red on <unk> the player the jersey the goal team white . 
runs stick . dog a over in the a leaves 
the a white small branch is jumping a on covered leaves . over ground with dog 
white in the <unk> over . woods a dog small a leaps 
white a over log jumps . a dog 
. running a white leaves the in fallen dog 
is a . ball an in its mouth brown through orange with water swimming dog 
. an orange water holds in mouth a while dark through dog walking <unk> his ball 
in a wading with dog water his a the in ball mouth 
dog , a orange is swimming with ball . in <unk> an some in wet water mouth his 
and dog ball with brown orange in water mouth . in blue , 
flip man a a in a another helps back yard . do man 
with attempts friend in a a his flip green . the shirt a man back of help 
as him begins green shirt over another jump . a man in a helps backwards to 
flip back a another man man one helps start 
one another red helping back man man in flip with yard do is . the a shorts 
a leaves . of in boy a pile dead playing 
out of pile a dead of young <unk> a boy leaves is . 
is . playing a leaves boy in young 
leaves boy in closed his a young pile sitting a with tossing leaf while . eyes 
. the the leaves child playing is in 
lights , . man a microphone green backlit to a holds mouth by his 
a man microphone sings a a shirt onstage into in 
sings into microphone . a a light of front man a in green 
microphone a with . a man 
in a green . light <unk> standing 
ocean wave a a . the surfing <unk> large surfer lone in 
wave surfing a large . is person under a 
person crashing . surfing ocean a wave the through in a 
surfer wave riding a under a . 
water . up against something splashing 
is boy . standing snowboard a on crowd a front a in of 
stands a watching a a down background board crowd . sliding ramp the someone on in 
watching a a snowboarder crowd . 
watch as snowboard people on concrete bench a man a his on sliding 
on board crowd his is . him the snowboarder while watches standing 
the rapids kayaker a yellow <unk> wearing . 
through man <unk> in kayak goes . a a 
water is through riding man . a a kayak 
. water in rough a man kayaks 
water man rough in <unk> a . 
jersey blue man another a ball while a in man kicking a is . watches 
watches a soccer ball team kicks man a another in jersey member ten a number while . 
. leg ball the back his to a player swings <unk> rugby 
is ten number watches kicking ball . the as seven number 
white blue tops , men play two in shorts soccer and jersey 
playing . football match a a other men each against group in of 
in five playing men soccer a game 
soccer people . playing outside 
match a players rugby competing . in 
these people playing soccer type a . game are 
seagulls as wave the fly splashes a by . rocks 
. heavy waves rock by <unk> splashed are has recently been that a birds 
wave against <unk> . a their as crashes rock it seagulls 
the waves above crashing flying are . seagulls 
flying seagulls crashing with against waves over . rocks 
group a of its on a roller way people coaster ride down turn blue from . a 
people group blue large on coaster . riding are a a roller of 
roller coaster . very a <unk> wide very down the track 
a . are <unk> riding blue with wide <unk> people ride roller seating 
roller on of there people the a . coaster are lot 
boy over a head his . plate holding a 
boy is wearing head middle plate his a blue above the of . holding in a a room standing 
arm one child a balancing the in a plate young . air on 
is holding child pants wearing . object the striped an 
pretend boxes playing . boy young is the with 
a with the people boat canoe in rowing of a background full bunch people . of , a 
of down in a group men a . a paddle canoe river 
boat <unk> red team in of rowing green a a and 
rowing shirts green orange and orange men wearing with brown . vests boats 
. <unk> <unk> racing 
face little animal holding stuffed with blue and <unk> uniforms girl men in 
girl carrying first an two <unk> injured 
one girl , <unk> men a holding blue two in <unk> 
carry in her men a and two girl things . uniform small 
with girl along a walk <unk> a young carrying two . head <unk> 
and . a shorts blue into guy a in yellow jumping navy pool 
a a midair football man a while pool in jumping into . catches 
in a a strange in trunks swim a is into pose man while jumping pool 
a covered in <unk> pool . 
swimming . pool into a diving people are 
group . young <unk> five adults of a indoors 
each men a on a woman a three sit and stand other by at look and man . while other couch 
sit small on couch people a group two while the standing . of 
one and men are there . woman four 
the sitting couple scene a are on setting a lights up by for a three low couch <unk> men . 
truck and a black the air . through flying monster green 
a wheeler jumping . cars four 
giant <unk> and leaps arena over monster the a air truck . inside cars the into 
monster above cars . a in air truck the <unk> 
monster an at soars . arena a truck air the into 
in children a group sprinkler a playing of 
a water . playing fountain children of group in a 
. in a children spray play water 
kids little running sprinklers enjoy by through outdoors them . 
playing are girls in sprinkler in . swimsuits several fountain a 
person at on a night rail . on a skis 
metal a edge the a of ramp electric made bars skier in green . of on 
rail a a metal along skier . slides 
skier uniformed <unk> trick across a . is performing a a yellow object 
a and the wearing . skier jumpsuit yellow across is yellow rail a sliding 
basketball a game 
of a playing group basketball athletes game a 
basketball a players . the group jump the air of ball in for 
players in . basketball a game participate 
the yellow are goal teams in to and get trying . the basketball black 
playing of a hockey . field group girls 
around the <unk> ball the mouth hockey . goal are players for female five 
play . field girls hockey 
of front in <unk> the the . goal field players hockey 
a to trying field score . team hockey is goal the 
in brown sitting their a lawn with heavy dog couple a feet chairs set . the on at grass 
leash the man a elderly of an dog are woman chairs brown lawn on and . holding sitting onto 
sit park with at a dog people a chairs . in 
in chairs while in grass dog people lies sitting 
with a park people a chairs in dog and folding . some 
place takes fencing on a class court . basketball a 
<unk> a man in stares shirt at black a a 
a . shirt black <unk> man fencing a players around in amongst 
a is surrounded by men fencing a in standing man gym . 
on many fencing people are a . court basketball 
hockey . a player a shot makes 
ice rink the with a the nearby as from on skates opponent forward . an hockey puck player watches 
and along his stick player a black . wearing ice white the hockey slides 
hockey player opposing watches player . puck an an the shooting ice is as 
ice on the playing men hockey two . 
. outside leaves a walks child fall as 
children the leaves autumn playing . with in are 
in in fall . leaves coats children playing 
lawn leaves tossing children . on dead 
air children the two them throw . into around leaves dead 
shorts a yellow is down sides in the . with blue leaping stripes boy 
behind boy fence jumps a a . 
fence on side a . other jumping a green of child the 
air is leaping into the the boy . 
platform in a fenced from boy young leaps a at <unk> 
kid skateboard a a on . doing trick a 
jumps off cement a . man the skateboard a of on his of ramp top 
jumps skateboarder a . 
a on person watch while people trick skate skateboard a in park . a doing 
prepares skateboarder <unk> . to the 
dark haired swing a tire on . are two girls 
swinging girls . a are tire on together swing two 
swing on girls a . swing two tire 
tire swing . in two swing laughing a girls 
laughing . a young girls two tire on swing 
being <unk> . a the truck is a road <unk> on ambulance bed down 
. a towed is being ambulance <unk> 
<unk> towed ambulance . by truck <unk> a being large 
ambulance on the . truck <unk> the <unk> was in a 
by is being a large towed <unk> truck . ambulance 
with a a in closeup a into woman . lone center <unk> large the type unique 
person an in airplane sitting display a . 
roof <unk> an hangs woman in of is . air white from museum that the sitting a a 
ride model <unk> . with a 
the is in ceiling hanging museum . from the plane the 
a with blue <unk> man it shirt on wearing <unk> is . a the 
is a image with an that shirt man teddy <unk> bear " a of reads " , a baby a wearing . and 
a a a baby wears bear . stuffed t-shirt <unk> man showing a 
<unk> a back wearing a shirt to his . has the blue camera person 
man a blue . shirt the is wearing 
a attempting trick a is down flight stairs . outdoor of a bicyclist 
down cyclist go the is attempting his . bike on to a steps 
bicycle is down staircase a . riding a a man 
person ramp red riding bicycle a a down . a 
a cyclist down concrete biking stairway . 
in hanging vine forest a a girl a blue to . on in 
smiling is playing girl swing a in . whilst blue little rope on a 
blue shorts little a . swinging girl shirt rope and outside checkered a wearing blue is swing on a 
in young girl is on . a swinging vine a shorts 
girl a . hanging on vine young 
looking adult a other child and at each an . 
man sitting young and boy a a down 
one a many beaded looks with child wearing . at woman necklaces just a 
a to with girl her looks sitting next <unk> woman man down the necklaces at . 
child the jungle <unk> . other and staring woman each at in 
are of buildings <unk> crowd front standing style in a . of people 
of people at a stand in courtyard a somthing european looking crowd . 
in background the people buildings crowd <unk> stands plaza in a with . a of 
of people group the at are buildings . a looking 
in square . people looking of the group town up standing 
his wave off top . on of falling man a surfboard a the 
the water into off man having fallen surfboard a tumbling is . a 
their off surfboard falling person a is . 
his <unk> <unk> <unk> a performing gets from . person 
. off a is white a wearing shirt red surfboard person falling a 
looking two girl children behind her with blue shirt <unk> a other with a 
large in children . of outside of stand a two group front tires 
children three a red around gather float . 
two . three stand children of in large tires front 
kids tires stand three two around on a <unk> . red 
in blue dances a courtyard a shirt boy in . a dress 
holding a the fingers . blue shirt street walking is a on child up wearing two 
sleeved shirt wearing outdoors boy is . and long a small walking a <unk> 
a . walks down boy sidewalk young a 
in sign <unk> air a boy . on the with <unk> a in peace dressed young a <unk> his 
. runs alongside up , bike while rides another her bicyclist one behind 
riding with while . is them is around another running biker their one bike 
another , his with the him red on <unk> black helmets outfits rider . green wearing both bike and runs while bike 
<unk> riding first the . her is <unk> second two in , pushing , is bike biker 
a in and one with in people one back running bicycles with two front , . riding bike 
<unk> street . down motorcyclists riding a the two on <unk> 
black very motorcycle fast . a people on two driving are 
a on motorcycle . two people 
on two a motorcycle ride together people 
motorcycle two people a . riding 
boat of a . a are people group in a contest rowing 
a front boat in of team the their forward in races with competition rowing of the . <unk> <unk> 
has the . water paddling with jackets men life several boat 5 number 
<unk> in . people are orange great vests rowing with 
several a with a being drum are people a by person <unk> rowing while boat on 
wearing coats walking together hats and men are 
men street group walking the old a of down 
men walking surface on . concrete of a group and seven standing a 
walking a . men of group 
group outside a <unk> walking older together . seven in 
lady stands a outside of mexican . market a 
. an woman an stands outdoor in marketplace indian 
a <unk> store woman <unk> a <unk> in does . while 
shopping woman an in . marketplace outdoor a is 
in of ' a an <unk> there man store ' . front is standing with it <unk> open 
bridge box a across carries a a boy . 
box a over boy a bridge crosses road a carrying . open an 
on holds the street a a box . boy 
child an and wearing box a area . urban shirt in <unk> a young a outside holding 
a red small a man carrying red shirt <unk> a wearing young box 
a of in boat rowing a . city people near group a 
boat their water a their <unk> the with of <unk> . team paddles in forward 
people city are . kayak the ocean the in them behind with paddling a five 
boat in people . row a <unk> 
and group very buildings shore water a with the on of with . a paddles skyscraper canoes in blue people 
trick doing the a is while at of ramp watches top skateboarder person another a . a 
a trick ramp a off . while guy of doing skateboarder a on is a looks 
trick skateboarder in midair is a middle in a . the of 
half from . watches on a trick teenage boy pipe boy a while top skateboard a the does another 
a doing a on jump young man . skateboard trick 
man wave . a surfing a 
a waves a . surfer <unk> jumps in 
a is his over . board riding surfer a wave 
a . a catches white a wave on surfer board 
surfboard the wave man with . his turns on the 
is a show and <unk> jumping black dog a . dog in white 
over dog a jumping at competition vault white and <unk> black a a 
his a black owner a and with jump . on white looking dog performs 
through course an and black dog running obstacle a white 
. leaping a hurdle dog a over 
a . a dog pool water black of looks into 
water sniffing black a dog near a of ground body . the 
a with dog ground sniffs black collar red the . a 
dog water . the is the at looking 
hound for prey this water <unk> . his is the 
boy on injured lies a . ice the playing , hockey 
ice are on players the hockey two the down . 
on ice the players fall hockey . two 
game to fall players . in hockey two ground a the 
on two ice slide the players each hockey other into 
in in sitting . a a restaurant man is black 
at man a a table . sits 
the laughs while man table sitting at shirt a . wearing black a 
table man with smiling top a back an a on leaning from . <unk> 
. is man sitting posing for the picture table at the a 
a blue . a ball a in kicks soccer child uniform 
a ball shown . red 's the flies soccer is as girl air <unk> shoe the through 
soccer a grass is . in ball kicking girl the young a 
clothes . blue in blond playing soccer girl 
blue girl . ball in kicks the soccer the 
carrying following through dog dog brown a brown a black grassy is is field a . plate that a 
a large . shallow dog black a following a dog bowl fetching tan 
a frisbee in like brown its a dog carrying mouth object 
. dog a runs plate in large a with mouth its 
a dish large one two , its in mouth dogs . carrying 
has a out cricket middle stump batsman been . <unk> 
player . , misses a cricket bat his but swings 
ball to standing trying a front . some man red is of sticks a in hit 
ball unique paddle man . a swinging is a a game at 
hits cricket at the a game . ball a player 
bridge their four . and on making feet gymnastic each are children a hands 
a are children outside a . all <unk> position line in in four 
do four . park children the <unk> in 
four . playing outdoors do while <unk> girls 
four covered doing kids . with <unk> a leaves yard dry in 
line in white a along a center busy cyclist riding . city a is 
her city the bike is . a a <unk> is riding in and girl by <unk> 
on bicycle of a stop picture a woman a action 
pedestrians busy crossing street and bikers a 
the night city . at 
hand . a off his into the man windsurfs , water putting 
person a windsurfing while over . leaning 
man shirtless parasailing back . is while leaning a 
windsurfer hand <unk> his . outstretched the a water with 
man young ocean the in . a parasailing 
trick motorcycle a racetrack man watch on does many . people a a while 
a man motorcycle watches a a on crowd does while wheelie . a 
a pulling of on a man a wheelie motorcycle a whilst is group . watched being people by 
a motorcycle in a a wheelie people group front of . of popping 
a . about to over motorcyclist fall is 
a uniform a basketball a . player jump wearing team black against white uniforms making shot in a is 
a basketball player a . takes shot 
trying are is the him a man but . make uniform a to two shot block trying to men white a wearing black in 
crowd leap while basketball the players ball . the for watches 
shot make basketball black being while leaping uniform to player in blocked a in by . player white 
night bike . her beside dressed a blue walks girl at and in purple 
girl <unk> is area walking in dark a . in her colors a bike 
top two woman a is bicycle stone a purple in between walking columns . a 
a woman . some columns walks between a bicycle 
and shadows pants her walks the a bike woman blue purple top a with . in 
a black white . dog and jumps a balls in with filled pool tennis 
and in a white black the pool swimming dog 
dog with . in tennis black the plays and a pool white balls and swims 
for and a . tennis balls black swims white dog 
. in black blue is and a there pool dog a <unk> white 
of in pink striped front a is shirt girl in . a an <unk> 
pink girl shirt . striped a the poses camera in for a 
her arms throws pink the . a striped into shirt a girl air wearing 
wearing be a and orange her to stripped young girl a and appears extends forward pink happy . shirt arms 
pink wearing in with the doorway the her outstretched standing the shirt girl arm . striped is 
racing dogs around track a 
in race dogs racing a professional dog 
dogs track a racing on 
a dogs track racing other each are on . five 
competing six are race . in dogs a 
an <unk> of audience front a cheerleading performing in 
are a performing in cheerleaders gym 
the two the men cheerleader the . in air throw 
cheerleaders a male girl cheerleader in are . catching two the air 
a catch throw men cheerleader and into <unk> . air her two the 
a a dog . through runs field 
light in . dog field leaps colored a a 
is white running grassy a field a dog . across 
a . through white dog runs field a 
field running dog in small the . 
black and looking is the dog at and brown the in water a . walking camera 
black his a with brown . is swimming on face dog 
black river in a dog a brown and swimming 
up a dog swims he large . as looks 
tan looking up standing . black with dog camera and in face water at 
the sand on owner beach at . other the the looks dogs by while on the his dog beach a running 
on and 4 . playing dogs a beach man the 
dogs man on . at standing 4 is a the shoreline with the beach 
is the 4 beach dogs front of . in standing on a man 
four on watching beach the dogs play man 
for are players the next two play preparing . football 
hike . players two football in formation 
football preparing players hike a . football two to 
white blue , wearing football play in . red people over crouched uniforms as and two though , 
<unk> field two on players in white . the football red blue down and uniforms 
outfits a campfire <unk> in around men 
fire men are a around the . sitting 
night a three at <unk> drinks . of with a are around beside men them sitting table 
men in fire around sitting front of <unk> a three . a 
night a are older campfire around . three at sitting men 
the a jump . making after a air in near some snowboarder is trees 
. over is slope a jumping snow snowboarder a 
snowboarder . wooded against a background jump a makes a 
a snowboarder the performs . jump in snow a 
snowboarder his snow does on . board stunt the in 
made <unk> makeshift a boy helmet a in of tires a . from jumps 
jumping old tires off boy of a 
painted from brown . outfit at child of trees a jumping tires front a dusk some in in 
with child tires jumps a over a a helmet . old pile of 
is tires a the boy woods off a in mound little jumping of . 
. surfboard a on a rides the waves person 
person surfing . a 
a a is riding . surfer wave 
a large wave riding surfer a 
riding surfboard rough . a surfer a in <unk> 
a child bicycle boy brother his rides 's a in <unk> . with on a little is which , seat 
behind a rides boy a him boy on the the . same down street younger with bike 
boys bikes a two with puddle . the through road backpacks on ride 
towards riding are two bike riding a people sign . stop a 
young bike a riding children down two . puddle a a road on through dirt 
. from and the the court team from other player <unk> a down by team green a <unk> player dribbles white 
players basketball in . action four 
playing men each , two from four team basketball . 
play . and green two basketball white uniforms in boys boys blue in uniforms two with white and 
competition in young playing basketball a men . 
side children diving two a . river are by side into 
. water body into of children a jumping two 
dive water into two headfirst the people . 
people of a into . water body two diving 
it young two headfirst into . waves diving small with boys water on 
is huge . her feather a dressed in in a woman costume a with hat 
<unk> peach woman is hat . wearing a a a with large feather <unk> 
with on her a a hat woman feather . 
a young a pink woman with feather a hat purple it wearing in 
huge wearing that a hat the feather woman orange with decorated red . a is is 
are a . street man kissing woman crowded in a and a 
the . kiss woman a and man in street 
middle a of . kissing couple the in street 
kissing a street woman public . man and on 
on people two and people the kissing side old of background either them . walking buildings are up with in 
black . to tree a a next a area rural man sitting in 
sitting cap in a stool a a tree blue . under is on a man 
sandy stool in a shirt red plastic in <unk> man a a sitting . on a area 
a a pole on blue sits wood bench . a leans man and against 
holding leaning sitting small man a and pole . a against a animal 
children outside a . group of stand uniforms in 
road shirts yellow stands in by surrounded dog . in children blue a a 
dog stand . in with uniforms the in a children road 
the and girls road little dog group . standing a on of 
road in . a girls several rural stand young 
man an . older glasses of a closeup with speaking 
shirt a glasses and wearing blue man a . 
and with . a glasses is a talking <unk> mustache man 
is of middle mustache a the a in glasses man with <unk> and a . 
off is camera . glasses man an looking older with 
water . in performs a on a man a trick surfboard the 
yellow a a surfer white surfboard wave on riding a in a shirt 
air white yellow a arm on one in surfboard with . the wearing surfer a a shirt 
the wave a . rides surfer 
a in on woman a yellow shirt surfboard is white surfing a . 
bandanna wears red a man a 
covering head a a . with man 
another the in background man . <unk> man with scarf an , an wearing 
. white in a a <unk> man 
white man red style with facial . and <unk> hair wearing headscarf 
a with around building of front . standing a it in crowd flags three is 
are building front . of a group people flags in of with a 
outside . a relax people <unk> building of 
a . building the standing people glass poles flag are outside by 
in of high flags people country shows glass with three crowd a building . of flying a front 
sand . in a the dog digging 
in digging a sand a dog . is hole the 
face are in covered dog 's sand paws a and . 
a sand hole its over with tongue the out dog a in sits . 
hole shepherd in digging is german . the large a sand the 
pile . boy through a a leaves kicks of 
off from of a with . leaves a blue boy leaves pile dead shirt kicking 
a a of leaves trees front into in kid . a pile <unk> of leaps blue top in 
a leaves little is through blue in running brown boy of pile a . 
a raised leaves in boy large with of . a pile young standing leg a 
boy a ramp is a on top . skateboard at of a the 
in a shirt skateboard person on a a plaid a . <unk> riding 
. ramp a skateboarder a on 
make plaid on . ramp a jump a a person shirt skateboard on in 
. before <unk> boy up the ramp the <unk> skates descending 
run background and dogs in white black . two white the , countryside with sheep along brown the 
black run two dogs grass background . in white field two a with in sheep the 
sheep dogs walking are field through two a . 
field a herding in . dogs sheep two run 
two a animals with running background field two the . dogs across white in green 
the a area tan in a and grassy black in dog fence a front air of . jumping in 
the in a something his dog in mouth grass running with . 
object and off mouth . tan and all dog yellow black in with paws ground 
black and yard in the . brown is the playing dog 
the grass fence the the on dog by is . running 
taking picture is logs a and standing on a . girl 
two stands . photographs on she as logs a girl the field 
a logs and <unk> river stands photographs two thin across . girl on a 
<unk> stands a river . a woman tree over branch taking on a a young of picture 
river winding photographs . woman on animals fallen of taking trees stands near 
racer runs . a with ramp up his a bicycle bike 
biker bike his is . ramp a hands up with a his running in 
. carrying man a bicycle a 
runs his with a . man bike 
. sits bike man in on air 
that jeans african an in man the are boys eating ice of two holding blue . hands is <unk> 
the children of holds hand two . man 
man holding the is boys of two the hands . 
holding an two of eating . ice cream are the hands boys adult 
. a young hands man boys two 's hold 
man <unk> a <unk> a of the . rock 
standing and shirt his a jeans . a camera formation a near rock white the back is to man in with 
man feet metal brown a cliff his climbing on a with a is plate 
jeans white wearing man climb shirt to a rock and a . a attempts 
starting climb t-shirt the the . white man to is rock in a 
red on in motorbike helmet a jacket stunt a a a and . man does and black 
a on stunt doing motorcycle a a man standing 
parking performing . person a a trick motorcycle in lot a on a wheelie 
motorcycle on <unk> . motorcycle <unk> 
. on someone a motorcycle sideways riding 
two girls small there hallway a smiling are in 
the background two standing a woman , hallway . in girls little in a 
<unk> the two through <unk> the house . in race 
. down a girls two hallway small running 
. young home play two girls a in at 
tunnel a in young girl playing boy are a . and 
children tube small play . yellow a blue inside small and 
inside . sit and blue tunnel children yellow two a 
in two girls . play a tunnel 
two tunnel . kids in fabric <unk> little playing a 
another a . girl hugs little girl little 
by looking straight a . held at child another is child being young <unk> 
two . posing the toddlers camera for 
posing other and each . young two children holding 
girls . young two hug 
a with a and a red girl jacket girl a woman in . sweater green in of pink a girl brown hoodie in and purse a & is a front 
red near a a women busy in street . woman by sweater a two walks talking younger 
a a who are sweater . two walks woman chatting women past red in younger 
one two old , urban three asian , young women . , on sidewalk an 
two who sweater red a . an women are behind older asian talking is woman wearing 
is a man holding while in paper a jacket a of posing red piece . 
up out closed giving with thumbs his and . guy an eyes tongue asian 
teenager out and jacket red a his has in up his sticking . tongue asian an thumb 
thumbs . up giving asian on man street 
. jacket red ticket other with a in a in hand man giving one <unk> holding 
hat is a boy . to red scarf white <unk> a girl a wearing and and 
. <unk> another person to is one 
the . ear in the girls is <unk> boy 
with the and the child red white . to the hair is brown the jacket hat listening green and child in 
very two close standing . children 
wearing japanese . dress girls two are traditional 
japanese . two with them on colorful <unk> ladies 
. dressed as <unk> two women 
two traditional colored brightly the clothes women in steps at top stand . asian dressed of 
women costumes in elaborate . two japanese 
friend as <unk> a mouth a covers to their child . they 
him his winter while or in is other children look or two child . green holding a up her hand clothes at her 
and caps their . three heavy knit , dressed coats children mouths , cover gloves , in , 
on another two and as children <unk> each other looks stand to . 
<unk> <unk> and . two to children young mouths while their other <unk> covering caps wearing each 
a a ramp trick . on does biker a 
the a over rider into air . wooden bike ramp a jumping 
a course a his bicycle on performs . trick with a <unk> boy <unk> 
jumps above the man in wooden a bicycle . with ramp a high a air 
. ramp a doing wooden tricks on a bicycle person 
a . lake overlooking is man a and forest cliff a top of on 
on a cliff a man . 
. man on trees lake a overlooking stands and a a mountain 
over on stands . <unk> a a mountaintop looking <unk> man and dry 
snowy front some a standing in of blue is mountains the man on has and shirt . 
ground on . the growling is a brown dog 
. a at dog <unk> camera the 
his teeth laying a and is dog a open showing . mouth his on his side with sidewalk on 
dog . shows a playing dog his while another with teeth 
but are only it . golden in there and two picture , appears this be is to visible smiling one <unk> 
catch brown is white green a ready ball a mouth and open has . to dog 
white ball tennis mouth road open a a on with brown its dog and near a 
catches its tennis mouth dog ball small green a a in . 
and dog a street is a . ball on white tennis a catching yellow 
gold in dog and . tennis its white catching mouth a ball 
tie guitar shirt white . while man shirt microphone concert plays at wearing in into a a a the woman a white a and tie and a sings 
singer performing guitarist a and . 
in is guitar shirt back singer the girl a a while a white . plays <unk> performing the in 
a on with guitar <unk> in the singer singing player a . background 
playing and a hand the man man short his other . microphone with in has is the guitar hair 
the through a a at snow . night is pushing boy sledge 
a red through a with boy <unk> snow the a hat pushing 
wearing a cap blue snow and and winter a snowsuit black through . pushing small a child red <unk> a 
<unk> young snow . <unk> child a 
snow blue wearing pushing in boy red jacket hat , . <unk> 
white with pavement beside it dog dog a tan . running on a running grass is on 
white near one and . run , alongside each dogs one brown other grassy two field a , 
. road dogs run the two down 
concrete two along tan . running dogs path together a 
running yellow side down two by dogs road are . a side 
. beach the near motorcyclists 
with it woman a and man are two on a . motorcycles there 
, behind woman motorcycles riding him guys two with with helmets each on are a 
the . motorcycles road riders on are four and two 
motorcycles . two two riders with each 
on dog . the plays a beach 
a sand around a on <unk> dog is dune white . a running 
white <unk> sandy across walks . ground the with dog a a 
white a sand <unk> . <unk> poodle a sparkler in 
playing beach a on poodle 
drink . friend while woman a has a book man and a a read their 
book woman drink while examine woman a and a a man holds a . a 
a in holding front a a in looking and a woman red it of at . woman straw book a cup sits a with man 
a gathered three picture . are for people 
a are women book and two man a at . looking 
in man . a dress a a cup and a bearded woman holding 
other next woman a each are woman a standing and hand has drink her . and the to a in man 
man . smile against a and background a pink woman 
cup a . holding stands a woman a with red beside man a straw 
for pink woman . a and picture posing a a are wall man against 
brunette are and . smiling girl blonde a 
the two at . are smiling women the camera 
looking are with . two eyes brown into the camera <unk> 
smiling and two into camera girls looking 
long for a with picture posing women hair two 
the a looking at man a . camera and woman 
a posing man woman . a a picture and for 
woman the for and a man smile . camera a 
a around a holding cup puts girl a arm man his blue . 
another hair and a to cup man facial one blue pose a . with holding a close woman 
five a , plays while bar people are tv nearby sitting a in . 
at older men bar <unk> drinking 
three bar a men reflective drink at . 
drinks stand with . at a three bar men 
stand . a men bar counter with three purple a in 
at hugging girls man show a two a colorfully . <unk> dressed 
is white . a standing with suit in women two a man 
brightly . of woman in dressed colored a two stands the man costumes middle in 
between in . <unk> <unk> a two stands a <unk> man <unk> white 
two . costumes a colorful dressed man in stand very white to all women in next 
from climber hangs a watches rock face . another a while 
. free a by being a whilst from a hanging green rock t-shirt in climber is man watched a 
a rock man holding while is climbing an outcropping . <unk> of onto the 
a the man of surface . a bottom rock climbs young 
the man a shirt rock clings brown . to a wearing 
a into lone wave surfer a large diving 
man on wetsuit water a blue a surfing in is . 
over man a wave a dives large . on surfboard 
ocean a . with surfer in a surfboard white the a full wetsuit in body 
in surfer . wave <unk> a a a wetsuit 
in man a holds a a <unk> red helmet . 
a holding to . a a woman <unk> next man 
wearing a . a helmet blow person while a holds <unk> 
men are them helmets a of two while . one , <unk> wearing holds 
with <unk> wearing two a over faces their , one people blow <unk> 
the white stands snow dog . in a 
around walking snow the dog in a tan 
by runs . snow the trees in pine dog a white 
. the in dog some trees is the of snow front in 
dog the in the snow . white <unk> 
. eating a bird 
bends small to a bird <unk> a examine . , pale down 
looks bird object white . small a at a small 
about something ledge eat stands on . bird a to tan a 
to bird a leans . over of food piece the small 
are a onstage . of group women performing 
people dance in a 
perform white some a on in women stage . 
participate <unk> a . onstage women in 
alike women are on look performing who a . stage 
the man shirt arch . in blue a passes <unk> under a 
in blue man road a a marker under . blue a a race runs shirt in 
participates runner blue . in in shorts a shirt and a blue race a 
runner a on advertisement <unk> a city . jogging past street banner a 
marathon . a man a in street down running 
. a does a on surfer wave flip a 
a is <unk> surfer the <unk> water to 
flipping a the on air is surfboard a in . surfer up 
a surfer jumps . the water of out 
off a flip of wave the . does surfer a 
a surfboard lone . surfboarder a on a white jumping wave 
flies . his a into man with surfboard the air 
wetsuit in a . person a in midair while surfing is 
ocean the is in . above surfer the a air 
a surfer performs . trick a 
a monster boy front what toy airplane like is in blond looks a toy of . colorful holding hair a 
a multi-colored . statue boy of front standing a in 
. or window child a exhibit <unk> an store 
on a creature a stage colorful blue a with child it near . 
wearing with . sweatshirt a gray a airplane toy playing boy 
the . water the in are dogs running 
three the through dogs water running are . 
three dogs water the running in . 
three dogs water . through shallow run 
the . one dogs in , , surf brown run two and three black 
a small with a . white near plays dog ball dog big brown a 
there dog dog the on colorful brown is white is . top a smaller on jumping ball a floor a and of 
a and small white large . on brown dog carpet a indoors a play 
little standing fat the over is white dog brown the dog . 
together play dogs two . 
are standing cans and people outside spray . there jeans three shirts in with 
they shown of a string as are silly three legs children near 's mess . stand 
silly with string . three play kids 
three a people near door string . standing silly with , cans 
sidewalk string three you of <unk> see boys standing the bottom on a can with silly everywhere sprayed 
girl a in a body bikini swimming . in of water a 
waters in girl swims a . the <unk> 
is bikini swimming tan floral a dark a waters in . girl blue in 
swimming <unk> is the blue girl in <unk> . water 
girl swimming <unk> ocean . is the is a 
a barren a large runs a ground across shadow . casting dog 
jumping small dog a the along sand 
a across sand small white runs dog . the 
on and shadow brown long , runs towards white casting dog camera dirt . 
running sand . across dog 
people of side many a over look bridge the . 
water . murky people on over bridge many standing a 
on many over people an overpass looking stand . 
blue a watching bridge are . a car a as crosses hanging river is people over that 
the side into the a leaning looking down . people several are of bridge water over 
shorts on surfboard a shallow . stands in a blue water in man 
a . a foot boogie a on board on his with man beach , 
the man a shore on standing . 
a on a beach a wearing red . surfboard stands man the at bathing suit blue 
a stands beach style a board boogie man . and shorts surfer on at the with a young mohawk haircut 
other people group indian each of to a talking 
an a in <unk> man in is indian women white three colorful talking costume . to 
an at a wedding scene indian . 
. each people talking in to other dressed clothing indian are several 
couple party the <unk> the indian at . 
beach a a distance on . at of people group a 
girls barefoot and man . a , on two woman walk , beach the 
a on are four . people walking beach 
. water walking people the the beach in along 
family on beach this walking is . the 
horses in athletes numbered . a on congregate field 
horses grass over an . obstacle and green ridden jumping being 
. a hurdle jumping a horses in race 
on field green the their jockeys . horses racing are 
. jockeys riding race in a horses seven 
day on clear windsurfing shorts . a a in dark man is 
man a a riding windsurfer red is . 
the man . in wakeboards water a 
riding a whilst red a in a making <unk> . is ocean splash windsurfer the big 
a kicks up . spray windsurfer 
of which some masks <unk> wearing crowd , people a of . are 
masks . face <unk> on are looking group of several a people and have 
. masks wearing over mouths people some are their gather group a and white of 
face two in whom staring people wearing masks same of direction the , are five . 
, face wearing black , people singing some masks . with are 
couple an table at . clothing outdoor old in a 
old fashioned outside in couple table a at a sitting clothes 
. <unk> a table small sit in a and clothing man by woman a 
table clothing old man at and in dressed a . a woman outside fashion sit 
outside . table sitting blue a and at <unk> man a woman in a top dress and a suit hat in a 
by man . his behind camera <unk> is a a crowd camera and video surrounded 
is up crowded a television a in camera high . stadium a man operating 
man something <unk> is . a 
<unk> building event <unk> camera in . an man 
camera his the black in at the arena is man shirt the . pointing 
. off is black dog shaking a water 
water shaking off black a dog 
fur is and shaking a . mist its spray creating from water a the dog 
. dog black wet off itself shakes a 
is shaking wet off water dog a . 
winter . a costumes woman and in a <unk> man 
road and man while down fur brick wear . coats walking woman 
street the . people up dressed on festive in are <unk> large outfits 
elaborate attire street in wearing two a . people 
two winter , wearing period clothing people . 
girl a red a over jumping . bag <unk> 
a a against in girl bag a punching jumps . field 
pounces punching on a . a girl field a football little bag 
shirt tackles equipment pink the the field . a football on girl barefoot in 
pink the haired bag jumping <unk> in child at . long up sweater is the a 
dog the across runs ground covered leaf . a 
collar tongue runs . tag path with out and a a dog on its with a 
dog leaves the runs tan a . in fall 
trotting . through and grass fallen yellow leaves lab a 
leaves runs dog the tan . the through 
woods is . marked competition mountain a trail in out a biker the riding on 
dirt a a wearing red . path bicycle rides over person a 
bike on a dirt path woman rides a a . 
course a . on bicyclist riding dirt race 
riders dirt bike . on mountain a trail 
frisbee its is dog in a through a with . snow running mouth 
the snow in frisbee a dog a . with 
the fetching in . snow orange an dog a frisbee 
the dog mouth in and . with brown snow yellow object in black 
the the snow frisbee dog the is retrieves . 
crowd a . people of 
stadium people a a lining crowd are . up outside of 
are large line crowd waiting dark the people in of a in . a 
in crowd wait into football a to game . get large a people line of 
lining large outdoors group night . up of at , for event people an 
a and a and dressed as officer . <unk> <unk> police woman a man 
a as . dressed cop woman dresses and a <unk> a a man as on sidewalk a 
and photo lady for pose an a a . <unk> <unk> police 
man to woman up dressed police stands as officer . next a fake 
woman cop as outdoors a dressed guy in and a <unk> uniform is there . a <unk> 's a standing , 
a jacket in brown is down . jeans a lady a city and blue walking street 
the purse walks a in lady winter a wear sidewalk carrying . down 
near <unk> walking down a in coat a . lights is a woman sidewalk 
a from as woman a sidewalk walking down 's she behind photographed 
person down the street city the in walking . 
photographs man a a woman . 
picture . bird photographer of mobile a is a <unk> a 
photograph something a shot . professional takes while the photographer woman for the holds a 
photo person <unk> is another <unk> <unk> wind . inside <unk> a one 
photo setting white of shoot are . a two mobile people up room a a in 
green a is biting brown object a . dog 
a . dog its strap catch brown is mouth a up in to jumping green 
open dog has trying something a bite its mouth to . wide 
to leash jumps dog bite a . grey a green 
a . at strip short-haired green dog brown is <unk> long a 
shirt man a . white hallway man a a black in and in shirt a in a 
and in one white black posing man indoors a . in 
two . act guys pose photo silly for a and 
are making . for gestures picture hand a two posing and men 
two the young men camera . smiling look at 
in an market jacket black man asian a a <unk> . walks 
man shops . asian with walking a a down street 
on sidewalk a <unk> the past man walking . 
man in street a a walks 
. the sign by a on a walks sidewalk man 
on make-up a puts in <unk> <unk> . child a mirror 
makeup mirror blue to of a . dress stands wearing do front little her in a girl the 
makeup mirror in girl young in blue dress <unk> a a a . 
the girl front mirror putting little . a with on in the tiara of is <unk> 
and girl . makeup <unk> in mirror in the young tiara blue dress 
the dog background in a runs in yellow dog . a holding fall toy , bench 
mouth yellow a with its in . a toy dog runs 
running . his dog grass the through in with tan a mouth a toy 
toy a is its in yellow the mouth through brown with . dog running the grass 
its has tan in yellow toy mouth a colored dog the . 
hand pink shakes a bright the bearded shirt man shirt a in . of a a man <unk> in 
. pink orange man in man a shirt in stands to a a next 
stand <unk> colored shirts bright three men in and . colorful hats around 
shirts smiling . three men in <unk> 
hands man stands smiling third at behind . a while shaking two , the them men and camera 
<unk> stare african kids 
blue with <unk> red out of . are building window children staring a the 
in looking colorful are <unk> indian four through red on clothes building . blue a children 
looking out children . window a four 
. several standing out window house are in a looking the children 
man a black vest . in wearing sitting is a drinks clothing while background a the glasses man in and 
grass other man a wearing surrounded with all by on glasses sits black . people 
black . a with the grass on and <unk> sits glasses wearing beard man 
. at an event man of closeup attire formal with a 
man in is an . another elderly standing fence woman dressed the and drinking a while is is smiling near black man and 
rowing guys . are on a lake canoe a two 
sitting lake in canoes in . are men two two a 
lake two men canoes on a on . 
canoes in . two men rowing 
through in canoes people ride water the . two 
. in group dark a colored on of wooden dancing clothing are a floor line people 
group . dancing wooden on a teenagers are a floor of 
a room dim line people . of in group a large dancing 
several dancing women . 
a women <unk> two people among a of in . <unk> group 
machine a front <unk> and of are . in man standing two <unk> japanese a 
<unk> . a at standing <unk> family machine 
face three machines people and stand . video 
one <unk> sharp of three near machines stand . , couple a people 
games . a and play man two an at kids arcade 
with of standing indian . around their men crossed are a group arms just 
a group . outside men stand of 
country men camera at look the another . from four 
with hats folded wearing men arms . stand 
men an . wearing photographer watching are the <unk> in outdoor market hats several 
and child a woman . a hug road near 
females . street beach are an on two a in embrace <unk> the 
girls standing beach . listening two the to on beside are teenage <unk> 
are the looking player women two side <unk> at and young road . an of a at embracing 
a on young leaning other stone each are wall beach women at the and hugging two . 
surfing in surfer a motion suit in . black a 
wetsuit and black in blue surfing guy 
it looks is riding like the big surfer a wave . 
a surfing . wetsuit in a one man wave 
surfer wave wetsuit in before riding a 
the <unk> in the running pasture are . 
two are grass some running . on dogs 
two together outside . are dogs running 
grass dogs . running two with are through multiple colors the 
. grassy running a <unk> two dogs on field 
a at beach bride a <unk> her . arms 
and . girl tiara a a dress fancy wears a 
necklace posing and in a , wearing , a . white pretty crown a of a dress front <unk> girl beach the , 
white a tiara , the background in in woman wearing . beach , a the 
tiara a woman a dress and a fancy wear on beach 
a boat water on floating blue . 
boat a near water swimming someone floats . clear , in blue 
her the person is boat background is . <unk> <unk> while clear ocean water in in his swimming or a 
. a shallow empty toward person a an swims tethered turquoise in sea rowboat 
someone . near is the ocean in <unk> an swimming rowboat 
wave surfboard a . a on a rides man 
the black a surfing a water in man is wearing wetsuit . 
a on wave a riding surfboard person a 
. surfboard wearing above person a high jumps with a black a wetsuit wave a 
. ocean a a jumps a over on high wave surfer surfboard the in red 
out race of in . a spectators is front car spinning 
a racer <unk> . out 
spinning is a <unk> near a on car creating smoke tires <unk> track crowd a . 
into green and at goes car wall race black . 
professional car from comes race in smoke 
a a man parade in rides dressed . as santa 
. carriage during in dressed parade santa is like man a riding a a 
. red in beard <unk> carriage white the santa with his and suit is riding 
santa leads vehicle an parade some looking <unk> of claus . type on 
a a in in parade is pulled santa . carriage 
an escalator on . are standing up people moving 
up the . go people escalator 
. people escalator ride up an 
up the travel . people together elevator 
people several . escalator ride an up 
a a show wears at . for to foam hat support boy his a team game 
shaped . wearing red like a hand child a hat is a 
held " three rock . a sunglasses his " head out hands wears on together child by 
and . hat a man in <unk> sunglasses a 
. sits hands a person a like shaped red wearing in hat crowd a 
in rock . large a a brown dressed man grey climbing 
gray in a a climbs man large shirt rock a wall . 
a a . man shorts face rock in climbs 
wall . climbing rock a man 
climbing man the back rock . of a a 
a hovering a trick ramp is located is while performing a , grab above a . skateboarder within which city 
a a makes skateboarder jump high . 
skateboarder soars . a a above ramp 
in midair on man skateboard 
park . skateboarder in at midair a 
are . round a by a mirror big of a <unk> room people group in 
group fancy people enter a of a room golden . living 
people leather group a , a <unk> <unk> mirror brown room <unk> a with of round couch a in . and large about 
. a group <unk> people in of stand decorated room a 
in round a mirror <unk> gathered and , people the , sofa with . a are room 
are on <unk> dogs . racing two a 
two . across track the race dogs 
race greyhounds two 
. the with along of a track muzzles greyhounds inside race <unk> dirt two curb 
racing run a two around track . dogs 
church the wear robes two black . purple hats and <unk> 
the . on in <unk> young front a of men building two stand steps 
. <unk> the steps church on stand two outside <unk> a 
in stairs stand front <unk> building of on . some two a 
. of to their <unk> church standing in two men front a while religious off right 
bald man of the another hand on man a shoulder . has 
man a a another they his as for around pose man arm puts picture 
and men smile together . heads touch two their 
wearing black men two 
their two touching heads men smiling with 
on person trick a doing snowboard a . a 
concrete a . a long is snowboarder rail grinding down 
snowboarder a a wall . down night at sliding cement is 
on . with all a snowboarder handrail steps a rides the around snow rail cement of 
concrete beside traverses . a on snow in down a the person bleachers wall a board 
dressed <unk> ties two red in guys with 
at the wedding in a , camera <unk> men two hand . dressed for laugh with 
<unk> men up dressed . share a two 
two . are and drinking matching smiling in men suits 
. and suits two men hold in laugh drinks 
. their wedding a and groom pose party bride with 
. a beside and and stand groom groomsmen bride four two bridesmaids a 
party pictures for is . <unk> an wedding posing 
a for . wedding party a picture poses 
<unk> to and bridesmaids . men bride lined up are suits a next her in 
wedding after the groom and . bride a leaving 
room in bride and dark together walk a a . groom 
<unk> a and man the walk down bride 
dress wearing and woman white . a <unk> a a a in man 
man bride the . the walking down <unk> is the 
coal to power people the protest of a <unk> group . of at plant the a stop building 
construction of . power a the march coal to protest a plant 
the in people <unk> coal plants many a power of use in . street 
against are coal people <unk> . 
new urban in with signs . " coal <unk> " area no 
jumping skateboarder building as a as is a almost . high 
snowboarder jumping off brick a a tall . building 
over a of snow jumps . a snowboarder pile 
rail over . jumps off snowboarder <unk> 
high in snowboarder stunt the night . air the is at a doing 
rock climbing a closeup man shirtless a of . 
a large . rocky is climbing mountain a man up 
a climber . chalk his ledge covered a hand with <unk> rock 
young with on a rock on climbing a no man shirt 
oriental mountain climbing is an a there . up man 
a a . playing instruments table few are people around 
a of table are playing a instruments group at sitting while . people 
sitting various a and . around instruments five table people playing 
at table . musicians instruments their playing a 
musicians at , <unk> . table instruments playing sitting inside a 
at of sit group in a . table building of large a people a front 
in a building people front walking drinking are of . brick and 
. people drinks a enjoying are brick outside at a table large building 
table are two with at seated people drinks a 
an front at cafe . outdoor of old in sitting two an building people are 
people in while man public area a behind waiting is pass a him . 
. a in in man coat old black trench standing an a marketplace 
stands in a man coat black an long . old on street the 
a black street a a on coat is . city white in man haired standing 
woman walks . is alone while outside bird a a her waiting behind 
. wearing jackets signs and a crowd holding people of 
group of a the . in <unk> <unk> road 
taken " the large streets <unk> to a . is green " protest 
stone . protest white a is by building a passing march 
with walking posters . group people of 
takes off a wall . a a <unk> jump rider large 
guy trick doing a . park a in a bike is 
on doing . tricks a man a bicycle 
a wall falls man on off his a bike brick . still while 
bmx a . person a on bike 
lady rowing a <unk> shirt a boat it green in pink in . straw <unk> with hat a and , 
with lady a things canoe a . rows filled 
<unk> a boat the <unk> with a back man . in 
boat . asian rows a an woman <unk> with <unk> 
hat with water of scarf face <unk> pointed person and covered <unk> in green through stuff 
a a with black and dog brown red a frisbee . are playing dog 
red <unk> dog <unk> run something . on brown and with a and gravel white surface a a dog 
a brown dirt in small with dog a dog . black large the 
black a ball dog and large . playing a with larger brown dog a together 
chasing dogs ball . two are a 
. people group at a benches a park on city of sitting 
the holding and . beverage plastic a a drinking away people man far other from bag a 
is sitting front soda a bench people of in drinking near standing group a of a a man 
drink blue clothes black and bag taking in a hat holding is shopping man a . a and a 
. soda is people a nearby man a bench other next while a drinking to sit bench a on standing 
in throwing is wrestling man . another ring around a a 
in held another wrestler is man in the air being by the . a ring 
by another wrestler a off ground wrestler . lifted is being the 
flipped by professional . another wrestler getting 
a in . are match wrestling people two 
a a <unk> <unk> hugging bee boy 
costume large a . child in a person bee hugging a 
. hugs boy costume a bee a giant 
hugging bee giant mascot a . little a boy 
, costume by person . <unk> in blurry background small boy bee urban 
men group to signal their a they look left of the arms while . lift to 
. men a of watching young group something 
are four their <unk> red on young making wearing men ribbons gestures 
with orange a . dance perform men <unk> 
in building men front white . several of a 
the and while is a jumping the air up shirt top . in of at girl a white in <unk> the canyon jeans 
on girl mountaintop a leaps . a 
mountains front and face scenic of jumps a a . of making in girl water a view 
jumps and a a out shirt sticks in wearing . her air the tongue white woman 
the . girl a of into of on front air in rock jumping canyon top a 
other in gloves jacket among man and a people the in street a blue . is standing 
on a with european a others in ski . man <unk> street jacket stands a 
in walks women the colorful by street . a in surrounded a clothing jacket winter down man 
a man the standing . blue in crowd a in jacket is 
of walking jacket the a an past in . <unk> people man the in blue crowd <unk> is 
. toy orange an carries its dog a mouth in 
tongue running out his . dog a with 
out the runs dog hanging through tongue grass . a with its 
white orange with runs dog a . the toy an with ears dog grass on brown green 
with . orange field in the white dog walks collar 
the a outside . brown big set a wooden of concrete sitting on doors couple 
two . the huddle <unk> rain in on <unk> wearing people a 
two in rain the huddle in . doorway teenagers a 
a adults door holding in each young of two . other front 
steps hooded young boy girl outside doors , on . and large huddle 
a tail child fake . of the holding <unk> a onto 
<unk> on . a of a fake little tail boy the sits 
a tail <unk> very crocodile a little is to a holding . large that child 
on a large pulls a . small tail child of <unk> the 
the <unk> a <unk> of tail girl young pulling an 
bunch tree of a . near type christmas people a 
an couple skating . past park a <unk> urban ice 
watching people outside . skaters ice many are 
outdoor in . a skating are rink people huge christmas a around tree 
. in by ice walking center a tree the rink an people with outdoor 
dirt a on . bikers trail 
road dirt dirt four bike . riders on a riding are 
riding cyclists facing two the are long the path . 
the sit shoulder riders the of . motocross on racetrack two 
on . motorbikes two people 
playing the in . two snow children 
. , snow the dressed warmly in , playing children are two 
a playing snow . the in two in kids rural area 
enjoy two young snow the children . 
play snow young the two children in . 
for . camera pose tourists at night 
men hats standing on jackets are dressed and <unk> two a 
men in at hats . the camera <unk> looking and two 
two caps . men standing jackets and outside wearing 
the men . two city night outdoors in stand 
sidewalk the . a in walks down black woman 
on a a woman street city walks . 
woman wearing a cap . <unk> street a on a 
a . black of trees jacket a walking wearing a long a with hat brown park is beside <unk> a woman lot and 
, coat a and wearing brown a woman sidewalk . hat the and is is on black 
girl is a . climbing in rock white 
<unk> . woman in a a white a shirt rock climbs and black pants wall 
girl climbing . wall a rock young a 
rock brunette time some <unk> climbing . enjoys 
. is the wall climbing artificial girl an climbing 
<unk> walking a in the group of city . are 
a walks santa man street in claus costumes men city with busy a . dressed down 
people santa a parade marching street on is costumes city of a . in 
santa the dressed . down <unk> street men as walking 
in down . street santa walking men busy outfits 
or are <unk> bald . people <unk> four 
pose people <unk> . with four white in hands heads robes and shaved their 
and four white <unk> robes heads with . people shaved 
bald their religious wearing position hands a people hold with white <unk> in . heads 
all bald in men <unk> bald and two women dressed pose standing two in a white . 
bench a man . <unk> a street a <unk> on on sits 
and a in sitting on coat the bench man city had a . a wearing 
white beside cap on trashcan an orange . man blue a a wearing a bench sits 
on <unk> . gray <unk> marked , <unk> trashcan <unk> blue man bench 
bench sitting the on sidewalk on man a . 
. in a and claus wearing suit santa a man a mask 
horns a wearing and in man suit santa a red . a yellow neon and mask 
on santa in city . mask a <unk> a and suit street a man 
a and poses . mask a 's man <unk> wrestler santa suit wearing 
santa ninja and mask suit horns in wearing guy 
a window picture a a . takes man out 
man . window a a shirtless out looks 
leaning of man taking half out pictures naked . window 
from a is . open going to window the take man the picture 
out man camera is with window the a an open of looking 
a air pink in the . watches while in girl legs another a with bent jumping is dress in girl 
. the girl girl into another jumps air watches while a 
another while left . carpet looks girl on in front a is girl her of young the jumping to standing 
girls the . jump two bed little on the 
. little floor jump two girls above the 
with <unk> rider sky is in background a a bike airborne . the 
rider of gets . a lot air bmx a 
. airborne a a male on bicycle 
bicycle air in man a with a the high is trick the . performing 
bicycle the . hill jumps the with his teen 
ball . the mud from a a field on other runs <unk> he down his man two with men while clothes 
. try back to with the ball dirty the rugby man players hold 
of dirty football play men group . 
are three one is in covered rugby they . playing carring the of mud men ball are them 
two try muddy rugby to muddy . men tackle third player 
. onto a a is <unk> bed child jumping blond 
boy a bed a jumps little . onto 
. boy <unk> shirt from onto bed black in jumps 
. over bouncing t-shirt wearing black is bed the boy a 
blonde bed is falling onto boy a little . 
girl shirt bridge on her hands <unk> in a . yellow walks a with a in her 
down walks . shirt in street a a a sunny yellow woman 
a down walks . a and sunglasses a in t-shirt yellow woman sidewalk 
a on a shirt sunglasses woman yellow a wearing street outside . and 
a down yellow walking blond sidewalk . shirt a woman wearing a young 
grass in dark a a . dog the behind dog brown runs yellow 
tan one behind dog grass a on brown running the running with close dog 
one two outdoors , colored dark the . , are one light dogs running and 
dogs two area brown are through grassy . a running 
over . the grass dogs run two 
beach a the little runs . on haired dark girl 
girl runs . barefoot white a along little and wearing sandy brown shirt skirt shoreline , the a 
girl little shore a . the running at beach of on a 
running along . beach young a child is a 
girl on the running a beach young . 
dog the . jumping at beach a 
. dog the furry a white in sand playing 
runs next dog muddy a water . to 
in dog jumping is small some water a on dirt front the of 
dog to rock next a water . on 
in birds flock a that women of wall and three and of has . a a of <unk> man a in mural front flight 
of flock a a birds a . past building chinese on mural flying 
. of a the a from a ground birds up with next fly mural flock building to 
a . up wall birds the painted from against group a fly of street 
in on flock flying building with it pigeons mural . of painted of a front 
green some children crowd costumes wearing and a . are of 
crowd object children point of frame the an towards the a of . right to 
something group at children pointing of . a unseen 
are they excited of kids by what . watching a are <unk> group 
and children audience pointing are of an smiling 
some and red girl between in a a in . jacket a them a on are a object brown metal metal sitting with bars boy jacket 
woman a . <unk> structure man a metal and 
and beam work a man and woman on a metal . sit 
building and boy structure girl . metal 
two people . <unk> together 
of train . station bunch people a a at 
of a platform . on photo <unk> a a day train 
<unk> station " " train <unk> a says 
trains yellow blue and two people boarding . are 
several a train outside . waiting people station 
take two . the girls in view 
a and a . two down city building look stand on woman ledge on 
next a to two overlooking . are standing city a women railing 
at look houses below many . two out women 
a out . below girls town young them look to two 
rain a . couple the on camera jackets for posing with 
a ; <unk> he she smiles . plastic covered couple in stands and 
lady rain a . man <unk> wear and a 
and in coverings . woman a plastic a man 
raincoat are man wearing a protective plastic woman the and . 
table a <unk> <unk> small sitting in a by being shirt black and . a a at are a woman child 
whilst person <unk> table are sitting ornate food at a and by an african old by lady child an an being green . 
young older a , man girl meal gather and , woman boy a a a an for young 
a at glasses <unk> green people are table with . green set and sitting 
table are various of gathering family a around members . a dining decorated 
are children of raising the a group hands in . their air 
a air and kids putting hands the their of singing group in 
raise their in hands and the kids together . air little stand 
with in the little air their hands kids 
raising and children . some their clapping hands are 
on are and both . a , , woman man wearing white rocks 
white rocky woman surface a wearing and a on shirts . jeans man and resting 
him tank blue over glasses white top a man a a blue a tank standing jeans in in woman a and sitting , and , on top jeans rock white . with glasses 
sitting a beside in rock . sunglasses in a standing woman a sunglasses man on 
man on woman a to . sitting a who a is next standing rock 
on mountains rock looking white sitting of ledge couple a a wearing each several <unk> 
rocky look a of man in terrain shirts into white . and sit woman distance the jeans and a off and a dressed 
rocks on woman sit a and man a . 
on rocky man overlook woman and a . the sit 
rock and on man a wearing woman sunglasses a . sitting 
snowboard a coat white jumps man a . a in 
is in . a snowboarding person green midair on board a 
a snowboarder 
them in another and behind . on ground <unk> the person midair snowboard someone on a 
scene a snowy . in two snowboarders 
background . floral couch smiles sits the while couple in on a an older woman a 
with older on an a sofa couple woman together . sitting a flowered 
to . older woman their a arms and them woman each other in have sits around an next orange while man 
man hug while on a a woman and couch smiles woman another . 
man a couch pose woman a on . and 
brown of from a body water drinks a dog . 
brown water to a . is into starting walk dog 
into . dog murky water brown steps a 
into dog getting . a water some 
pond legs putting dog a his a into 
elderly very dressed <unk> . an gentleman 
older for cap <unk> picture an man an wearing a ski poses asian . 
. man stands doorway an old in of a front 
and gentleman white in polka scarf dot black older . red and a coat 
and a old coat with black . hat man 
and a something at girls . look woods in man the two 
. two man forest a a and girls in young 
young . child nearby a a with something small at man stand looking and girl together 
. looking in stands distance with children in area wooded two something a man a at the 
path the at . are two girls in and the looking their dad 
tackles a a man , of . during rugby game another 
men football play . 
the a sport are . playing guys 
hit by . is ball being man the the another <unk> man with 
men three play a . field in ball 
girl in a white sits and colorful shirt next a <unk> to girl in a leggings . <unk> small dressed 
girls stall two <unk> . in a small 
a bathroom . in two women stall 
in white two small dressed . in sit shirts space young woman a 
against two wall women a concrete young sitting . 
dry grass through the . black run dogs two brown and 
field are a in running dogs . two 
the run field dogs in together . two around 
. dogs grass through running high two 
dogs <unk> large . a field two in grassy 
. and man a ground stare woman a at the 
a a robe on someone man is fancy put helping . 
another man down black suit a in . a dark and wearing white same looks the dressed person does as 
to smiling a the bald <unk> . man woman next is standing 
men laugh . talk two and 
a running on . is snow dog with a it mouth snowball its 
a dog mouth across . a with snowball the its snow in running 
mouth its a runs a across with brown the snowball . snow reddish dog in 
snowy flat beautiful <unk> around dog the the . a street snowball its mouth with in reddish 
in runs white the ball mouth . with brown on his the snow dog a 
a man helps ribbon man his a tie red arm . another onto 
man . during parade helps a ribbon right tie another a red arm around man street 's a 
<unk> red around a in . a band mans is arm arm street man another the 
. helps man <unk> another one large red the of ribbon of to in group his a a people midst <unk> 
together arm on red men stand is ; putting his one something two . 
a runs a red . in track shorts man on 
track a a man . on running 
running man a track 
runs . man track outside a on a 
a runner track on a . 
standing while yellow shakes near brown water in a ball the . dog a 
. the a brown water dog , shaking off wet 
on shaking the water dog beach a off 
a off dog shaking water 
off brown in water . the shakes the and stands dog 
man in dancing costumes a festive . and woman a 
dance on a a her . and feathers man head with woman 
of woman a a costumes and a wearing man and onlookers dancing decorative in . crowd 
in the one another with a dancing performer feathered wearing performer streets headdress 
crowd dancing right . people on drums two with behind a them are the and 
rides . <unk> sandy a landscape an atv over 
drives vehicle a an a desert through . large landscape orange person wheeled on 
atv a on dunes in purple sky a with an person . 
through the rides an desert . a atv person 
off-road distant . dunes vehicle person treads marked riding across sand with 
tattooed blue uniformed a a against for long-haired red , uniformed <unk> and . <unk> <unk> the is lead 
. with and it girls derby other a two out the race in roller referee <unk> behind are <unk> them 
two a derby into . roller other <unk> women each in 
<unk> two are on <unk> women . 
a other pushing women each . two during rollerskating competition 
of in girls dresses a dancing group . 
are women long on colorful skirts dancing . clothes dressed the four street in winter and 
in are heavy <unk> . people dressed clothing , together are <unk> the and 
colorful of the front <unk> in dance a in in . street women costumes 
and women of back jackets the in . <unk> dancing 's skirts long in a 
yellow smoking <unk> looks of window see the a out the man car of tire . a to 
coming man is back , looking where the yellow to out a it a . <unk> car in 
car smoke spinning by is a tires yellow its . creating 
<unk> a wheel in the a spins yellow its while watches rear man . car 
looks the car <unk> blonde a a hair . rubber burning man at car the in while with yellow is tire 
a playing a paw and or in chewing his stick dog holds black white . for 
a . black down its dog paw under stick a with white laying and big 
paw <unk> terrier has a on white large black branch his and 
has . stick paws black and his the a white dog in 
dog there a on . black is chewing a branch outside white and 
front and a running field a and white dog brown . of and white a trees stand black grassy of a in in 
are dogs grassy field in a running two . 
two running grass are through field of . dogs a 
through two dogs area running . a grassy are 
two . a field running through grassy dogs 
a <unk> instrument blows microphone . into a man by an 
a the front in man <unk> a man onstage of . a tube into standing blows while at 
a plays to an next drummer a instrument man . 
stage a pipe musician . strange plays drummer next a whilst standing on a instrument to a 
a song onstage together . two perform men 
team runs a <unk> through trail . a snowy 
across . pack <unk> a run the ground of snowy 
sled <unk> a dogs and 
run the sled snow dogs pulling in with . a person a the 
man the . the pulling is sled on team dog the 
pose female . picture at friends for two a night 
girls camera for two . the smile 
pose picture for women two smiling . a 
taken very . two picture sit their women be and close to for pose 
<unk> two pose young in women and smile a area . lit 
looks camera a case digital and another woman in of display a woman at front a stands 
. display a a picture glass takes front another while woman stands a something in of woman of tall 
sides a picture another out woman a takes stands arms . while at her with her 
holds out woman camera stands another in with a while woman store a her . arms a 
one and taking picture her is arm standing with woman is . woman a sideways out another 
of at crowd looks plastic white in red in sitting a a in people chairs shirt her mom girl a 
group camera the away facing of . people are a from 
their a to . facing and with people girl group camera lady a the a backs of little 
looking females little a a into . girl midst of crowd in the face a 
girl a red the the of a wearing young direction . audience rest from opposite seated faces 
casts jumping stairs . a a shadow down skateboarder 
a off stairs . flies skateboarder the 
staircase skateboarder jumps . a a 
over stairs <unk> a skateboarder performing short a . 
<unk> dimly jumping a flight down lit in skateboarder of stairs . a short 
airborne in of skateboarder crowd , a front 
the a . skateboarder air in 
a skateboarder watch while jumps . spectators 
. a skateboarder <unk> 
people . a skateboards person while watching skateboarding a , competition 
others cellphone at on a she and looks as . her walks woman look 
. ladies talking together several 
three , walking cellphone one checking girls is her 
talk and walk three . together girls 
walk on . talk high three <unk> girls school and 
man of ocean the falling a a off surfboard in 
over a surfer flies a . crashing wave 
big ocean into wave falling is a surfer a 
black into his . wetsuit water off the surfer in falling board 
<unk> . the by is out the wave surfer 
walks holds . as balloon a a she blue girl 
shirt a crowd in a holds green a in red . balloon girl 
green carries girl japanese a a . balloon 
an boy in asian . balloon aqua an shirt red onto holds a 
street on a blue girl balloon a . is the busy holding 
burning sticks . black haired <unk> a woman a looking in at is parka 
looks woman . at a with <unk> filled plate a 
stands with woman <unk> and <unk> a smoke . <unk> watches the 
woman many burning bowl . holding <unk> a a stands <unk> over 
. the is at <unk> woman a exhibit looking 
dog . and two people a 
as . a dog on a eats looks woman 
. between sits while and they a a woman a eating man are dog 
and meal a , a them dog man woman at between a . with a 
man a while eats to her . a next dog sits woman and a 
carries in small . a little mouth dog his stick a 
a its is in a mouth carrying . <unk> dog little small 
a small dog small . a stick fetching 
stick in . a dog small mouth carrying is a his 
is grass dog carrying mouth a a . stick on in green small walking its 
leaves boy in at a camera some red coat . throws a the tan 
into . boy a air the red leaves and throws orange 
. leaves playing a boy the is little with autumn 
green and fall jacket with boy leaves throwing . brown shirt orange little is 
tosses leaves boy young autumn 
a a and . daughter jump pool in swimming lady her 
water play and in the child a a . woman 
in water a . splashing girl woman a and 
a the in woman girl . large is of a holding small midst wave a 
the play mother in waves . and daughter 
children in playing a . pool 
water swimmers move the . through 
in the . children water two splashing 
. splashing in two the kids water 
two the and people are splashing water in . 
chases . another dog dog a 
dogs snow their ball the with . running mouths through in are two 
in holding , . two dogs mouth the running in snow their balls red 
in snow the dogs two 
carrying . mouths in their snow the in run red tan dogs two balls 
blonde dish tan jacket a a wearing . <unk> <unk> a at lady restaurant a 
is a in busy blond . eating woman a restaurant 
a fish . woman eating blurry 
large . eating fish woman a restaurant a in a 
at fish . eating woman a restaurant a is 
a lips the for pose and a with camera . <unk> woman man 
picture for man a a a woman posing and 
man and they a as smile . a woman dance 
faces woman making . for man a picture and funny 
with are woman and a . for a shirt a posing man a photograph blue 
. something a a is behind man flag with red <unk> him 
while art <unk> by onlookers man while is a video pass . camera with another a paints 
. it person a camera a of a holding with on front in pole writing 
kid posts by walks man hold young while a and a woman a video camera sign 
on a pole video the . of writing is another man shooting 
a snowboarder flies the in air . 
stunt a in mostly is dark snowboarder a performing . 
stunt the air . performing snowboarder a in 
. pipe tricks is a doing a there half in snowboarder 
snowboarder gets air . serious the 
. water bike cliffs near the on rider the performing stunt a a 
across city beach from . a a makes jump biker a 
doing a in , background the outdoors a jump urban with cyclist . terrain <unk> 
bike midair a person a is in on . 
bicycle person and flying it a the riding his through . is on air is 
climbs . rocks a boy 
him and . a rock father through behind with tunnel crawls his a brother boy 
two <unk> boys man <unk> rock a watches in small . playing a 
rocks on . children playing 
kids play a rocky . area in 
woman a smiling . and are man a 
a woman laughing . and man a 
and woman a together a laugh white man door a . by 
woman and man . laughing a <unk> are 
. are woman both smiling the and man 
the pointing camera in at a sweater man . 
one with another pointed . finger behind arms posing is and him outstretched from stares man while 
the stands hat pointing finger his the man man is . who behind the in black 
the front <unk> while , the look men his . one camera two toward finger in points 
standing men . while two one points hat black , wearing in one a hallway , in front a the 
man stage on a wrestling <unk> pose in of in some <unk> . tights poses a in front a 
fire the with a stage background no . man stands on a wearing shirt in 
wearing a <unk> standing is . near man shorts special <unk> 
. stage almost a naked man an fire on with 
<unk> . of front a of in a wrestler series poses 
man black in . on a walks a vest rail a 
<unk> his chest standing open vest is with a spread arms . and wide his an man 
a and at stage a across walks man vest concert a . pants wearing 
wrestler walks who his man a dressed take a picture like is people . while 
his wearing with . a stage a arms walks shirtless on man vest up a 
running and , adult dogs a two boy the an through snow 
child man snow a a . two with the walk dogs and through 
dogs running the in . family snow with 
are walking two people two snow golden the dogs . in 
the snow people in dogs clothing two two wearing with camouflage . 
sky a stands . the in interesting distance casts group while the some clouds on light 
in other four a photographer the , sunny tree on to a a the to left right field stand . of people day whist stand a 
, people of dark bushes <unk> clouds , . 
. of <unk> men landscape in the background are with equipment 
silhouetted against an shrubs and people <unk> are sky . 
. a dirt desert biker the in 
motorcycle in a a man the on desert does a . jump 
man jump . a a air motocross doing is into the 
in the bike . dirt is the desert through riding his air man a 
. silver terrain motorcycle wearing and black rider does sandy wheelie on a a a 
. camera into a blowing the boy bubbles 
a bubbles are little with little and girl a boy playing . outside 
a while small behind girl the a in grass . small stands blowing him bubbles boy 
bubbles has making boy is girl the a the while <unk> 
two in bubbles small children a park blonde blowing . 
along riding wheeler . path four a helmet a lone a wearing dusty 
man over a riding atv . an sand jeans is in 
area a in midair dry . on dusty is a in <unk> a man 
person in vehicle a the a . helmet desert <unk> in a rides 
a rides air . four-wheeler a person the in 
smiling scarf a smiling and a glasses in with coat shoulder <unk> girl black her in . leaning a girl on a 
on leaning the a . woman shoulder woman her of another head 
, one weather . glasses smile for , wearing cold dressed two girls the camera in clothing 
girls a for dress warmly outdoors two posing picture 
woman . a picture young and together hug for pose two 
on in dog fallen leaves orange a soccer an area black bandanna <unk> a ball . in an by blue covered 
a on dog ball a in pounces black . leaves the 
of a . dog blue yard leaves pushes ball a in a black brown 
in soccer jumps a leaves ball at a shiny a blue of . dog field dry 
a the is . a dog red collar with ball blue in leaves wearing black a little 
have red two . the leash in the dogs snow a 
. snow in two dogs fighting the 
. leash playing dogs red two the in are with snow a 
leash dogs two with red play snow . in 
red snow leash two play with a dogs on . the 
shirt the a . young bites a boy of puppy playful 
. boys and two park stand a dog white a in 
white two a dog . children with play 
a grass the two stand sweaters bites dog of while their white . children in one 
two dog a playing . with kids 
another snow dog a . little black little dog through black chases thick 
snow the dogs two black walking through . 
running snow camera two . from the , through dogs away are 
breed same the has of dogs are that through grass . snow running two buried 
black dogs two run snow the . large through 
. a of through group field grassy a are people backpacking 
walk . field a forest in group a of line through a a people to next 
of . field grassy through people a group a walking 
on left <unk> with people . the trees walk backpacks of to and nature with a them 
line in hand in people several through <unk> walking grass with . 
brown dog a others a noses black smelling dog . are each and 
a and field dog a brown . touching black dog in grassy a noses 
black brown noses dog dog is a touching with light a . 
two other sniffing each dogs , black is and is are , one the . there other brown 
field in each examine a two . dogs other 
lime a does on a tricks green bicyclist bike . 
rides green a . man a bike dressed in black 
no on performs man bicycle hands with . trick a green a bmx <unk> his 
performing man wheel bicycle . green on on a one trick 
green on . trick doing bike man his the is a 
snowboarder at a a competition performing green a in bright jump . 
a a ramp in snowboarder midair after , jumping . 
a jumps . snowy hill air the high a over snowboarder in 
off launches snowboarder a ramp a . 
snowboarder . in air sails the 
on brown white a runs the dog , and , along gravel . black 
dog runs a 
on a . little dog sand running 
on , white gravel surface a black dog . runs the and brown 
across dog is . the running gravel the 
street standing a a couple outside 
on a man a woman city and standing street . a 
man woman wearing a a black smiling white and wearing are . 
. man busy city smiling standing on and a a a woman street 
people street in two a stand winter on boston . 
together turkeys snow deer the in a and several 
5 snow in turkeys a at the looks . deer 
deer and . in snow the turkeys 
deer . on snow covered stand turkeys ground and 
. large stand deer in turkeys the snow and 
a a peach . eating girl is <unk> 
eating a girl . peach a 
a a girl peach . eats 
eating girl a <unk> enjoys peach little . a 
with a eating a . blonde girl young peach hair 
a large of chunk snow holds jacket in . brown a boy a 
. gets a throw wearing snow ready to blue mittens boy 
throw a a . child snowball preparing to 
up grins holds a of . a young boy as <unk> snow he 
a boy with . brown in playing a jacket snow young 
man a <unk> outside women store and . two a pose 
tall men a a short front that going <unk> store between in poses woman of 's out of two . 
front and a people store window of three . stand in smile 
standing signs background in window store with three people the a two outside large 
a two standing store is front a that men and short in woman tall <unk> a having of 
skateboarding man a while a . barrel jumping 
trick . on man a green skateboard does barrel 
barrel a . grinding skateboarder 
a man barrel green on rollerskating is the . 
leaping green the over barrel is skateboarder a . 
skater an a skating ring around ice 
. speed on red an uniform , wearing ice skating blue is a ice and grey , skater the 
skating person speed a 
. the skater speed a on ice rink 
. race skating <unk> a 
a book red , and a black dressed woman a with . both man in 
man together woman . a cobblestone pose on street a and 
woman . well are a dressed posing and picture for man a 
a their together woman <unk> on . picture standing and taken street having man 
dressed together . stand the woman warmly outside and man 
get rugby a a . men to of ball a man hold up group 
up player a in soccer on victory . holding team is 
rugby match 
and red while players soccer competing of , team . wearing white is green , the 
the match during players . are two opposing air rugby a in 
couch in little santa pajamas <unk> with on boy a a . a hat 
. a long on pillow with small green wearing sleeved her head top child lays a a 
christmas colored a child smiling clothing with . 
couch holding , with cloth red white fur child . on 
is on child the a green shirt with smiling a bed 
in purple . at kid getting a bubbles striped shirt little chasing a a floor excited on is 
young toddler play with inside a boy dances bubbles area . an at 
bubbles . kids adult little as play an blows with them 
jumps bubbles . the at up child 
boy with at <unk> air . hair the blonde in bubbles young 
person a is house . shoveling snow a warmly dressed outside 
is house young a shoveling . girl of in a snow front 
bush near , of snow child outside , . building shovels 
. house is deep white the snow the shoveling child near 
wearing the whilst jacket walking snow a . brown girl in 
and . a on man stands wave down <unk> large a a surfboard 
surfer wave a a large catches . 
rides a surfer . the waves 
surfs large a wave across the . surfer 
in wetsuit riding surfer is wave the a . the 
basketball another shot to while player trying is . a his player block shooting 
another block . basketball player a to tries 
ball reaching players for basketball two . a 
basketball two are playing men 
the jump two for men basketball . 
player player . basketball another <unk> a 
basketball man a . blocks his take ball attempt a to with an 
at man basketball . a man runs by with other game 
the the tries the dribbles , player stop to in in the . while him orange ball player the white 
basketball two a game men playing during . are 
player right is a hand on . ball the with standing his a court bald in basketball 
ball with shirt his . basketball a miami holding a 5 player on 
playing . a guy basketball 
. basketball with on hand a right court player miami basketball in 
number of team the has the ball miami five 's of basketball university men . 
. is in a a man surfing big wave on black wetsuit a 
in a . wetsuit man a surfing 
is wave surfer riding a large . a 
same catch two surfers . the the ocean wave huge in 
wave a surfers . ride two 
two the in black snow dogs . 
black jump . dogs two snow in the 
. dry in snow of dogs a two in grass the run field black 
two playing running and in snow the dogs are 
playing snow in dogs two . the 
basketball player from get . attempts another a the basketball player to 
basketball <unk> action fast 
wearing white sneakers outfit and player orange the . basketball up is lay doing the a 
playing two basketball men are 
one and jumps toward watches while another shoots , the <unk> ball player the ball basket . 
a make basketball <unk> . to a is player about 
in players crowd front , a four . of basketball 
a the and <unk> one player in miami playing to game , basketball ball about lay 
to point in team orange jumping is basketball up the a white against the player score . 
to his is man is opponent trying jersey to catch the the the ball in score . white trying and 
award stand and <unk> together an little kids . something for 
on baskets three with . are numbered children blocks standing 
. award an , <unk> podium children three a standing on 
<unk> three and . first <unk> stand third second children place a on , , 
children <unk> on . three the stand 
dogs chase each . other 
the across running dogs sand . wrestle wet while and white two brown 
wrestle white . , dogs jet on brown spots identical with black sand two 
playing and dogs brown a beach two white . on 
markings playing with dogs white two brown . 
the road the . two on dresses pose ladies wearing night side at of 
the dresses two stand and . wearing woman in street pose 
in street dresses . women pose two on a 
a side road the women two . of on 
under heels wearing lights and on dresses a women street two posing hanging . 
a duck the in white wings . water its <unk> 
<unk> is duck wings the water sitting on . a while white its 
wings the while duck . white a in <unk> its water 
white wings its sitting in water bird <unk> 
water . its the in white wings flapping duck 
. though riding boys two the a water boat on 
the sitting two on in boys boat a . water 
orange boat blue and men a two . are riding 
men sit on blue water . the dock overlooking two 
shirts . deck on young men two of riding boat back orange with with an the are a 
and snow jumps a black dog through brown the . 
running the is dog a . snow through 
a dog the in stick running with snow a . 
the . in snow plays a shephard german 
snow black . in the and in object tan mouth with dog 
while stick a in face white . a is dog mouth of he his closeup holding a 's 
on of dog brown a a stick closeup photo a . muddy chewing 
treat . on tan dog a dog chewing a 
long hair biting stick dog with . wet 
dog . has mouth brown in the stick its a 
pool . and into children four hands jump a hold 
water . four only two with wings jumping a wearing , pool swimming children in 
into jump the . pool four children 
into the jump . pool four children together 
holding swimming . into hands jump pool four kids a 
sit blanket against of a . , group with children fence a a covered 
children huddle under four . a blanket 
under children warm a blanket . four <unk> 
. under four huddle blanket children hooded outdoors a 
sit children four covered blue a warmly in blanket a dressed by . wall cement 
man a a large is suit building up santa concrete a dressed in climbing . 
in climbs wall man a a suit . red rock a 
wearing suit climber of santa hanging . is christmas from rock a <unk> a a lights 
rock claus climbing with christmas santa a . lights <unk> 
wall someone . climbing a like rock claus is santa dressed 
two in . snow black fetching dogs the toys 
two snow in black dogs the . 
their with running dogs black in two toys . mouths snow in 
the something snow red . and running are on biting dogs onto two orange black 
in . dogs playing two the snow 
bird food a for . some dives 
small the <unk> . <unk> a it grass <unk> through a as <unk> 
. to catch hawk diving small a a animal 
on in <unk> <unk> . <unk> 
down its prey the upon . hawk <unk> 
and . the two children by shirt baby are the pink surrounded the with toys 
on playing . children three floor toys a with 
several . in playing sitting three with toys children floor 
colourful three toys . young playing with children 
are playing toys of baby a . together a children lot two and small with 
brown . running ears dog it dog from white a with leaps a at white 
a dogs two . fence along running 
. running dogs alongside another white to two a one fence next are 
yard in and dogs a grassy running white playing . two 
white . dogs other each running with two 
with feet a to boy holding rope . a his strapped trick kind of does some board onto a while 
onto leaping wakeboarder . a air whilst is the rope holding into yellow a 
is girl wearing swim <unk> gear 
. this a stunt <unk> a rope is and skateboard doing boy with 
. waterskier mid-jump almost turned and upside down line holding , 
in baby father family 's a lap a the . <unk> 
a living in gathers . room family the 
man a baby holding couch on surrounded by is a while a . children sitting 
young couch three by baby , on girls sitting surrounded a a man . a holding 
man a on girls is holding at that his looking baby lap three a little 
coats snow , standing the are couple dressed in , . scarves and a in hats 
two people cold a near stand . pole 
outside scarf winter people , hat and cold two on a in with 
two standing in the snow people 
in pole people two a winter . winter scene clothes wearing near a stand 
stand with fruit its a vendor . 
<unk> the street . a man selling on 
fruit man sells a . 
a sells man . fruit 
stand man beside a . <unk> fruit standing with pack 
a in steps red man top is a . at night of standing some jacket at the 
standing a stadium a at red of steps the top jacket in the is man . 
the of a lights with on red in at arena of set stairs man a shirt top the in a background 
stands at entrance top . stairs at flight the the a of to stadium a a of man 
at of . staircase the stadium man top stands a a 
wearing green child . a fist big gloves 
<unk> is with young posing gloves boy a on <unk> . 
green a two hands is young wearing . gloves boys giant 
. hands raises young boy his wearing a costume arms 
barefoot green with hands toy child small large . 
. staring at child santa a 
son looking a at a father funny . looking and santa 
little . talking santa father a man as <unk> to and his dressed boy a 
is . looking child claus santa the at 
the wearing has and yellow little <unk> man . is the crown a red boy 
. on a surfboard a guy 
surfing white his is upraised hands on . a man a with surfboard 
a a surfing man . wave 
turn a his is doing surfer . board on a 
a . riding surfer wave in wetsuit 
. and <unk> a costume tree in make a christmas front and of a woman in man masks 
in mask mask santa also wine next to next and tree a . as to a man woman a christmas hold suit sits in wearing a glasses they 
drink wine a glasses the <unk> next . christmas while santa <unk> woman wearing tree to and 
, wearing whom in is pose . one two costume a of , santa funny people glasses 
christmas at with people time <unk> two silly 
girl into , with near . a man pool standing a a jumping 
in swimming . a with pool guy girl black a a jumps into 
a in . ground an swimming girl are and little playing man pool above 
little splashing in girl . a and pool man 
in splash a watching making black child man a is a a clothes in . pool 
people the . smiling closeup for of three a camera 
left on boy her camera girl a holds . girl looking into on and a a glass has right the her and a 
and her on black side of a white a friends headband and girl with tie holding neck either . a in pink glass 
for people picture pose . three a 
women two a the pose and for . camera man 
a enjoying smile for bit couple of camera a <unk> . the 
in . and hand a a guy drinks female with 
a their man holding a them bright in and in while green with light drinks a . shines woman lights faces behind room dark 
and . a smiling holding young drinks couple 
people for their a . other two drinks each face hands with picture smiling in 
and a in coats dressed man woman black are a 
coats wearing a man a <unk> woman and black . 
both and a black wearing man for woman picture pose . a coats 
man . is outside it and are in a woman snowing black while coats 
both black wearing glasses black man winter hat and a coats with a . woman wearing a 
posing together winter wearing . coats a couple 
<unk> and . woman for together with a pose , man a smiling picture 
around holding a has is man arm woman to who face up her <unk> a the . object is 
for a a in dressed pose woman picture . man warmly 
and of woman . photo man blurry 
guitar girl little . a hospital playing for a a is in a man 
the in a playing man hospital child bed guitar a for is a 
hospital <unk> guitar a a for in a plays man child a 
. for a plays in girl the a man guitar hospital 
little <unk> hospital playing to . bed a with in man a a girl an guitar 
; girl on . one with <unk> words other has the white red a is t-shirt sleeves wearing 
asian girls two laughing together 
shirts girls and dark with hair . white two 
is white something two green girls long smiling are hold and and with one . hair 
in women . talking white shirts two 
reads yellow a . wearing a boy book 
front of a is a book a someone yellow at in holding is with little him . shirt boy looking 
are their book reading and a toddler parent . a 
a book lap looking a in . their child person a sits at a with on sweater 
young . boy a babies through teaches book woman a about a 
a players football of in blue . bunch 
uniforms team cloud run blue in a a . football smoke out of 
down a football players foggy uniforms a blue run group of field wearing . 
players . group the running football blue of a through in large field jerseys 
seven victory . in towards american are a blue run camera footballers doing 
with and a walks . wearing from orange a and man man bald blonde a shirt away a with jeans black striped jacket mural car of an in red jeans a 
walking building towards a . painted are huge men a it car with two on 
front walking in of of . two a car a image <unk> men 
scene walking men a wall <unk> of a two car past red classic 
mural of . past a two car a men walking 
in younger and tank top an pose a on a man girl older couch a . shirt striped in 
hugging a is an man younger older girl . 
. and old an woman on embrace young man a couch a 
an hugging top couch striped a is in woman on the man red a . old 
. red old an striped wearing the man is a girl young hugging shirt 
fireworks man a a onstage going with him . beside of off stands 
performer . a stage concert a on 
blue person and . in with a onstage a show light pink 
. night man a as onstage up fireworks light stands the 
them behind fireworks standing onstage with shooting person 
at the is train . lights a with on subway station 
dimly a subway a . in train approaches lit 
a train is underground . 
coming down the is train . the track 
train station in 
up a . in shirt an reaching orange person 
watch air has hand . an others person shirt the wearing a orange as her in 
arm a her up . stands a air woman in in with the park 
a her woman the air hand orange in throws in . 
the in raised shirt . orange her hand woman the has 
is of . child <unk> smiling his he hands has whilst front him is in a 
group of dance a . doing a children 
a doing people of group pose a . young 
a with costume boy little dances of little black a snow and in a girls group . white 
. white and are costumes in black dressed children 
stands at hockey of in a goal front game . goalie the a 
. the goal guards player hockey a 
goal hockey jersey . the player in a guarding a yellow is 
. the <unk> goal ice wearing yellow is an hockey defending 
front the <unk> in the crouching . is of goal 
white the horse brown and . runs gravel in a 
runs . white a horse brown and quickly 
horse . a runs 
no large rider a with gear but , . horse 
field <unk> the horse around the . 
a of group are things burning . people 
. read a night at people campfire by several 
in night . sit at caps three , men near <unk> <unk> reading at 
a around campfire sit three . people 
. around a people fire sitting three 
. picture a <unk> girls pose at two for 
around a other tree girls each their two in of . , stand christmas front with arms 
of pose look tree . front alike girls in a who christmas two 
girls . young smiling with a behind them a tree for picture two pose christmas 
two . christmas young tree smiling a in front women of 
a of girls <unk> picture in are beside a for three . front tree a christmas posing decorated 
photo in tree women three posing for a a front are christmas of 
women tree of a christmas front posing three in together are . 
cup of tree . in one christmas posing a women three which holding is of paper a front 
tree each christmas smiling in . women next are a three front other to standing of 
people pose silly the make table . four dinner a at 
their heads four golden plates smile and hold . behind people 
for while plates holding picture friends a posing 
behind men their women and gold plates two . two heads hold 
. held gold women two with a heads men for behind camera their plates pose and large 
a down the . leaps road dog 
the ground dog little a . jumping on white 
small jumping dog a a . on street 
white a is dog the on . jumping street 
the dog in the jumping is . air 
man along snowboard a is barrier . sliding a green on his 
a on person is and red a wearing snowboard sweatshirt pants black a riding box a . green on 
beginning stunt from a jump is snowboarder . a edge the of green box a 
standing a of is . platform in the on snowboarder snow top a 
the jump to is ready snowboarder . 
jumping a boy snowboard coat a in is onto . camouflage a 
jacket snow a black a in blue a and pants brown wooden onto diving sledge in front is fence a . of boy 
a . boy a jumping onto sled 
on child camouflage jacket in jumps sled . 
jacket the . boy is a wearing 
in catches downhill of tiny a bit skier black a air 
a . man hill a skis snowy down 
mountain skier the go about down a to . 
covered a on . skier snow is hill a 
, aiming overlooking a wooded the is downhill . skier area 
air , ground the of yellow off all feet the a in a field . , bounds black-and-white dog 
and high white over jumping yellow a black grass . dog is 
a grass jumping black a and through of dog brown is field . white 
dry runs a the dog through . grass 
dog runs through the white the and black . field 
a man a trick skateboard in is doing red . shirt a his with 
skateboarding a . man shirt red is wearing a 
a . performing is in trick the air a skateboarder 
in air jumps . the skateboarder a 
a trick skateboard midair person . in doing 
a in . are two boys kitchen standing 
. play in two kitchen boys a 
two boys little . a standing kitchen in are 
kitchen a are of house the boys playing two . in young 
boys kitchen with in hardwood floors two standing . young a 
corn field . empty winter boys standing in two an the in 
on cold stand field . two people a <unk> weather in 
after a standing boys the . in two field young corn <unk> 
a young . field <unk> in large jackets boys wearing two 
people . young cold two the <unk> 
man rugby a a has <unk> the <unk> . and to ball tries playing 
the ground on ball and a a the striped . in is on shirt runs field man with man a a 
playing with some men wearing red man running socks other a 
down rugby one . attempts another take player to 
to is in ball tight while red . , man holding socks the the tackled getting 
with toddler girl girl toddler . younger another plays a 
<unk> babies sitting something for on a reaching two 
while sitting babies something reaching . close together two for are 
the floor sitting two on children . 
. two playing together young children sitting 
an girl a holding is bald cute office . a man in baby 
. adult man holds toddler 
red and . man an a baby in old 
girl posing man smiling photo and baby a . a for 
smiling a a pink small red child holds and wearing . man 
taking photo one . watching dark , is and a a man is <unk> crowd a a performance in 
who people smiling containing crowd of are some are some taking a and . people photographs who 
photo people . a crowd man of a with one taking 
green jacket a singer . with at camera in <unk> man a a a 
a while people surrounded taking photographer picture by a 
sidewalk holding on a an <unk> with men in a . standing umbrella hat other two is white the man 
red umbrella a pointed man a holds in white a . hat 
umbrella <unk> in a wearing santa with white a is holding amusement . on and look <unk> two while a man hat red men 
<unk> . building people past walk a two of out 
leather in them two and men , , , open hats <unk> glasses jackets . for up black 
of ice . a are people skaters watching bunch 
while in parents kids the watch snow play 
are . many a watching snowy day people skate ice on others 
ice are around and with a onlookers nearby tree . skating buildings people 
several in of tree buildings people near front . standing a 
with women elderly pacifier child small sucking two 
two older brown baby has , and its pacifier in a orange dress women wears with that . baby the mouth an a 
baby two woman with a 
young . women two child are a holding 
other to two . one bracelet is next the her holding women and showing sitting baby a other is each 
a . a with baby plays woman 
. face a woman a baby touching 's 
a 's woman a toddler for . reaching face 
's reaching out . face toddler woman a to a 
the 's the . baby <unk> woman cheek 
. is , and red an sitting pink a baby in near lady wearing older clothing striped black 
to very woman . a next old a baby sitting 
baby on pacifier and pink a with outfit is with on another . woman has a a chair , a she 
mouth her a on with woman red is in pacifier black brown holding a <unk> in shirt striped a dog with a sofa wearing little girl . a a a 
next is baby the black sitting to pacifier . dog the sucking a 
with waiting woman a a luggage and baby 
it plays . <unk> with woman nearby a as luggage a baby 
has with spread woman . sit near to baby floor out on blanket green seats , 
woman . room baby floor sitting and on waiting in 
an waiting baby airport woman and . at 
adult watches an child while playing pile street snow a an on in . of a 
playing in child a in . the snow mound street 
children of in snow a play pile . 
in play the side road of . children by the two the snow 
in of in a girls clothes two . mound dressed young snow play winter 
girl a of out black something blue a her purse <unk> and jacket hat . is trying get walking wearing to 
skirt a and a . woman boots short in 
lady for cold the is dressed weather . 
a gloves boots wearing , black is and , coat lady . the 
. woman is skirt wearing a and the boots walking 
three one women a posing one with and smiling <unk> a cup using shoulder sign picture bag one a , for blue with . , are 
women three drinking . are hugging and 
three a are posing picture for women 
signal holds hand smiling together one posing up and a . are while three women 
pose for picture three . together a women 
embrace at couple looking other . in an a each 
and the man a nearby doing are who others woman same . are dancing 
black woman shirt man and dancing a print a in a . dress white in a 
is white shirt a with . a in man dancing a in black woman 
has her arms around haired . the man the red in woman in black white a dress 
<unk> for . a <unk> a falling runs hound 
ears toy with big brown brown a the a walks carpet after dog across . 
house a chasing runs around . a in toy hound a dog 
brown object dog trotting brown and nearby with white falling . 
to white running dog brown catch something the and . is 
dog in in mouth a stick water swims carries he as . black-and-white the a clear his 
white . with mouth dog a a and is black stick swimming its in 
. a dog the water stick in mouth carries in his a 
a out stick a . dog water of very fetching clear is 
small carries . black a white swimming and while stick a dog 
holds a . yellow child balloon a 
holds up . balloon girl yellow animal a a 
holds . girl garb a balloon chinese in a traditional little 
yellow . holding long girl young balloon a thin is a 
a holds yellow girl up animal balloon the little . 
through running holding black something while red a in . the dog is and water mouth its white 
a beach . dog mouth running is along with a in object a its red 
a in mouth red in with running a dog is its water stick 
the red a in toy . with mouth a on his with a string runs dog beach 
brown in object mouth the with red . is across a dog sand the his and running white 
in telephone a next stand woman green coat a a standing . to 
to next a woman coat a . <unk> in a <unk> 
a green <unk> . a woman in is coat a standing phone near 
outside city a . street bookstore a is a near phone on public a woman standing 
telephone public near a standing . to next street woman the 
and . girl in boy a shallow walk water 
of front brick tree girls two walking . building are a in a by 
some through walking people water . are two 
dressed out two water <unk> winter of a frozen people <unk> . body onto in 
winter a . coats two in road people down walking 
a while a . court man basketball another is <unk> him on the black dunking man 
a <unk> basketball man dunking jersey in . white is a a 
23 is dunking man . with the a basketball ball game at a jersey 
person a in a basketball uniform dunking . 
net basketball into the dunks the crowd 23 background the a player number with in . 
a a across while man rides in dog walks holding street a black bicycle another the . 
on man man bicycle a in on foot a and crosswalk a . a 
street dog on a another a bike and man a wet bag a man crossing with in his 
man a dog to next a . riding on the the holding man bike is 
men two bike on one . a is and , walking that one 
player the for shot . basketball a gets ready 
set to player . is throw and up looking a basketball ball the 
basketball shooting <unk> florida basketball . player 's men # 
to take . shot a the ready is basketball player a basketball getting holding 
shoot the the preparing to ball . player basketball florida is 
on a green slide three climbing are shirts wearing all . boys 
three boys slide a climb on 
slide a green top and are in shirts boys khaki three the at . of pants 
at three and wearing pants of boys shirts top . green tan pose a the slide 
are slide a children on playground three . posing 
in grass on sitting the boys are kayak green two a . 
two boat children green . grass on the playing are a in 
green two . on in children lawn plastic boat 
two sit in children green in <unk> a yard a . 
a . two green kayak are boys in grass young the in 
. man <unk> a fire holds stream from stick a the of end it a while of 
people of a group . fire a front of with is in man playing 
a crown sets on the watches . large off a while man sparkler 
of <unk> a watching a . him with with man behind crowd people a 
, a back nighttime while street stands crowd the fireworks up light 
dead through some . is leaves dog a running 
blurry the dog with the tan a grass through running background 
area with dog a in a . yellow wooded collar a running 
through , terrain runs dog brown tan leafy and brown 
rural pale . , runs brown scene dog in blurred 
a basketball holds . a during ball player the game 
man florida a in basketball with . a uniform 
is player in orange the white basketball . holding an basketball 
florida the player basketball is a . jersey wearing 
. the a player ball is florida there dribbling college 
ready ball child a to another . the to gets hike 
flag purple . boys with two playing jerseys football 
are children flag football playing . two together 
two a playing grass the children on football . with are 
little in two flag boys football . purple jerseys playing 
vertical white hanging with from a , man is rock a . climbing equipment rock 
a climbing . woman a cliff rocky 
. rock a climbing doing woman 
a a ponytail a rock climbing woman with wall 
white with ponytail structure a a climbs young a . stone woman 
glasses man . a of closeup elderly wearing an 
and smiles wearing down . man glasses looks a 
glasses a <unk> with looks man gray . and hair 
an man smiles down elderly and looks . 
man glasses . grey with haired 
two . bikers uphill race 
<unk> a . their path through are taking motorbikes two snowy 
up . motocross circuit are two a around they bikers dirt as ride throwing 
riders dirty race snow two . through <unk> 
middle people dirt of . race two in a bike the 
a by the dog beach is ball black at . ocean the the looking on 
a a on beach dog ball a . and 
on beach a a a dog ball . standing with nearby 
on stands at sunset a beach a . dog 
sunset at . in dog beach on shadow 
are toward camera dogs two the the running . 
running two . dirt path along dogs 
running dogs path down in . the a two woods 
a . run dogs two through field 
path forest down racing haired a . dogs two long 
a snowy person a riding . snowboard a ramp goes over 
a jump off a flies . snowboarder huge 
large snowboarder air snow flies after leaving a ramp a through the . 
air in on snowboard person 
on his . the in midair board jumps snowboarder 
of building inside over a a a couple railing leaning concrete 
indoor a a an standing other looking on at woman are and balcony man each . while elaborate 
a balcony and a a at man elegant woman over building looking an 
man are a . on a at building other woman and each gazing a balcony inside 
stand a each at man . other balcony looking woman a and at 
through water brown the dog . running a 
a shallow . wet splashing water is dog through 
in water the is dog running . the wet brown 
is water . the running shallow dog in the white 
through running blonde water wet dog 
uniform the a over speak military a man bends sitting . sidewalk to a on to in dressed person 
a person sailor to <unk> a talks on in . ground seated the man 
a man on crying trying <unk> to . man sitting the another is him floor while 
to . bending <unk> a down that <unk> is crying man is a 
who . checking a ground a is sitting on on sailor the is man crying 
. a on in fishing with lined a man blue river palm a trees pointy boat 
a navigates with . in <unk> palm in blue canoe a man a tall <unk> 
wooded waters a rows canoe man through . a 
blue a <unk> front of in a plants . is canoe in some 
in boat aqua tropical bank beside person 
a man watching a in . in man cap hoodie a black a red 
a standing another on man while at street a <unk> on . it a man to him front is with of look down what top <unk> bends in of 
down as looks hat another red man . man a watches wearing a 
on standing are graffiti . the in two street covered men 
, looking . people on two street one a person down 
and a jacket black white person dog of . <unk> the a 
of dog in . a a at coat a sleeve the leather man pulls 
is coat sleeve a a mouth wearing a in with man dog . of a its 
biting leather brown man . and white jacket 's dog 
and jumped jacket leather is at the man . mouth the 's its has dog with pulling up 
dog black along sandy . white walks a a beach and 
a walks beach . dog along a 
dog the water . along sand on a walks the 
a dog beach . running on white the 
is the dog walking the the beside . ocean on sand 
fence a <unk> next to . while brown a link dog nearby is chain dog running stands a 
dogs two a . in yard 
around dogs inside a fence . two run 
one running , . standing is grass in two dogs the 
in a are two . greyhounds fenced playing yard 
. boy and a a stick in hold same onto game a dog the 
dog a with . a boy play and stick a 
take a stick from boy , tries to a . brown a dog small 
in boy with dog mouth his small a stick holding a a 
stick mouth holding young dog his is boy his a grabbing . a in 
a a pool in a jacket life . kid wearing swimming 
in a . vest wearing young a life a child pool 
a a child a blue swimming life pool jacket wearing in young 
wearing device , <unk> in play , pool black a . one two children a 
pool two in a swimming boys 
holding <unk> a a . shirt in above paper red a cart a person bag 
( ) a paper . a bag riding catching person ? <unk> 
hanging sitting bag on on a bus paper with carrier a a woman a 
man rolling onto holding shopping bag train a a that coat on holds , rack seated 
. on with brown a woman bag paper a bus 
black santa smiles on lap as in a girl 's sits dress a little . she 
's on is a lap girl sitting little santa 
his a santa <unk> in a little dressed , lap man girl as with . 
lap sitting is 's on . girl a young santa 
in santa young claus lap . a with print girl a in black dress his 
red dogs with a toy black two fetch playing 
black a red one in run two . 's dogs with snow mouth through dog the toy 
object are the dogs a whilst chewing two at running snow . red in 
snow over in two toy dogs a . the fighting 
playing dogs . together in two the snow 
snowboarder through flies the . air a 
midair snowboarder a in 
snowboarder , in hovering midair ramp . a a over snow 
the of jump in a a mountains leaping . is snowboarder 
of ramp a mountains a snowboarder jumps snowy in the off 
purple a dog the in brown . <unk> snow a bites 
brown is cloth of . a a dog pink snow in biting piece at 
<unk> its object a with the an snow dog teeth in 
on a . dog something in has its snow mouth 
snow the is in the at something gnawing . dog brown 
skiing gear is in man . a airborne 
. is skiing a in man midair 
<unk> a colorful a skier in clothes . scene midair in 
. some of is a trees front skier airborne in 
air skier through . a the flies 
shoot a to the ball preparing player basketball 
. basketball a player takes a shot 
playing orange man shoes basketball with black a 
. to <unk> in with make background , shot on player crowd jersey basketball jumps a 
miami player shooting basketball 
basketball a 
basketball the player a . ball dribbles 
and ball a the miami . basketball player looks dribbles serious 
possession a <unk> of miami basketball has the . ball player 
dribbling the court the is the the . on ball strip basketball white in player 
a . miami a wearing a dribbles bald man basketball while jersey 
playing , 5 number . basketball man jersey 
basketball for miami five . plays number 
sneakers . player the basketball wearing orange is 
. player down the five the miami number dribbles court 
jumping up . the air in a dog 
for hind his stands dog a purple a on legs lady . in 
standing white brown . woman a dog next on on with legs a a and it is back house table its <unk> and a to 
and in and woman front white brown legs . of spotted hind its a standing a a dog on , cake 
and . up the white is dog its brown standing hind on legs 
over with staircase jumps a a . skateboard man doing a , trick a 
<unk> air skateboarder a the skateboard . his upside-down in 
flipping his while a board in air the skateboarder 
near man young . outside skateboard a does a trick steps 
man a tricks on doing skateboard young a 
waves on the dry the . a front of beach in shakes dog black itself 
itself next ocean shaking dog to on beach . is the dry the a 
dog off out coming . a ocean the of shaking after 
off shaking dog the by ocean water 
fur his in shaking front . dog the is water the off of 
man on snowboard a a . jumps while 
. jacket a near snowboarding wearing area man and camo a wooded grey a pants 
of airborne . is some front a trees snowboarder in 
on young man snowboard a tricks performs . a 
yellow cap air <unk> in while . wearing snowboarder 
snowboard a on a . does boy a trick jumping 
. parka an a person a orange air in snowboard on soaring the through 
air snowboarder . some gets a 
wearing an . snowboarder jacket a orange midair in 
. on the snowboard in jumping high snowboard snow rider his a 
catches mouth ball dog a its a in . 
catch up a and dog tan to a blue leaps . ball 
ball . catch with dog reaches its to a a mouth 
. room a is mouth living to dog about catch in with a open ball a its 
with a spots black mouth dog its is with catching a . white baseball 
drums carry people . many their 
green and yellow dressed march . marching field on band in the 
<unk> marching the with are <unk> band . 
in people on the carrying marching drums grass yellow shirts 
up are black several people yellow lined and in . carrying uniforms drums 
are during basketball for grabbing a . game several the ball players 
player . white the the holds in basketball ball 
leap basketball three a players ball grab . to 
a are of men three game playing basketball 
basketball men three are . playing 
with on blond girl hand <unk> her a . woman the blond a of 
for nice a mother daughter the asking to her face camera . is a make 
. with hair blond <unk> in other are women there one pretending picture to two the the 
glasses . , women in one two blonde 
on are . camera caught <unk> two around women 
playing of man a , in children a yard the in a . group background 
children as fenced a a together group in watches play of an . adult yard 
play field a kids some in . 
are a playing outdoors nearby while the smiles children , . man 
the girl pink the in game playing is with shirt other light the . a children 
catching white the is frisbee . yard a a black and in dog 
air . dog black the catch is a to white and in frisbee a trying 
red jumps dog . in frisbee catch a yard a to the 
green dog a is on a up to jumping catch frisbee lawn very . 
frisbee catch the and on a . black to white grass green tries dog red 
a rocks on river . along boys walk three 
walk by three males on a rocks stream . 
shorts in . river walking men a brown rocks are three beside on 
near a three walking rocks on people stream 
the people the walk . three near rocks on water 
red snowy wearing skier <unk> a a lone a backpack down mountain 
a person skiing downhill . 
a turn in a is patch skier pack of a snow . deep attempting 
a he as off skis throwing snow <unk> skier is . up 
is falling a mountain skier down a snowy . 
black a trail riding bike man . helmet a a in his on 
bicycle a man . path dirt is riding a on a 
a on is terrain man rough through track riding bicycle dirt a trails a . 
helmet a man all . with a , rides wearing a around weeds a grassy brown black on bike surface bike 
a man dry riding grass through bicycle 
mountain sandals boy a hair . in and overlooking in blond short a short shirt sleeve , snowcapped 
. hand a foot a standing is the a of his snowball shirt a at hill boy in blue in with 
snowball boy a and snowy t-shirt in holding and mountain a . is a facing a shorts 
snowball boy throw to a preparing a 
at snowball a shorts a child . in a mountain throws 
winter the and in . out guys blue two <unk> jeans hats hand 
sell them obama <unk> on <unk> men like with . two <unk> 
<unk> obama young . <unk> men two 
wearing caps <unk> men their and two sell trying young <unk> knit to <unk> 
a in advertising . stand <unk> two sign of young a men front 
breaks a . out hockey at fight game a 
fight . hockey a 
a up a tries between to at a game players . two hockey referee fight break 
stops a . referee fight hockey a 
break players the the up . coming between is referee to fight the hockey 
sky tennis on barefoot the man in looking court a while toward is the pajamas walking his . 
across court barefoot a a . man walks tennis 
a . blue man walking barefoot a is in shirt 
shirt tennis a a wearing a on man court blue walking barefoot 
man is barefoot and on court . the a sweater a wearing is blue 
grey smoking . outside these building are a men 
a railing men two standing by picture . are , a posing for while 
behind a jackets handrail . in men black white two 
behind men two a . railing smoking 
a front smoking building men two while by a rail standing in of 
a people on running of beach . couple near shore the the 
hot hopping <unk> a and sand . woman man a 
from running . beach people seagulls away the on 
two the beach at run people . the in sand 
with people seagulls beach two run along a 
works kitchen in and family , talks , . a sits the 
a are <unk> women in man while two the camera woman kitchen looks the themselves . at and a 
in four of photo . a people a kitchen 
in people kitchen four a 
four site kitchen people in a 
the three snow are playing dogs . white in 
frisbee one dogs standing in snow a , red , three . holding 
snow frisbee dogs . a three with in the playing 
snow in toy . a three with playing the dogs 
. snowy frisbee with a a three field in play dogs 
grass the running child a . in 
a . the laughing through grass runs child 
the towards . little running camera kid a 
grass small runs the child . smiling along a 
freshly runs . grass <unk> row trees little boy a a smiling between on of 
is and adult table . an at sitting held coffee a is a on shop a baby by 
a . man a holds at table on restaurant baby the a 
in baby in has a . and his on around arm yellow her foam nose that orange a glasses has man 
food a holds who mall an sits . small court child adult a on table a in 
in holding restaurant glasses table on the a man a . at toddler 
. running are brown through grass two dogs green the 
the grass run two through dogs . brown 
through the grass are dogs running . two 
through run dogs grass . two 
light dogs the grass running in two colored . 
of a group 
is girls wearing group colors bright of <unk> . a 
group clothes in dressed . african children of a colorful are 
a children clothing african in of . group 
<unk> little girls a of picture wearing . pose a group group for 
grass leaps . dog across the a 
and dog is over . a brown white grass running 
grass white . a <unk> spots dog and cut runs red on collar black a with 
runs dog the a collar . red the in grass in 
dog markings white . with black leaping the red grass over collar and 
with in skiing green . flowers hat a a skier female pink 
skies a woman 
a skiing woman 
a down a snowy a white woman hill . wearing skis coat 
girl the the down . snowy mountain skies 
him as the is behind landing his a parachute . making <unk> 
is sets as the . person sun parasailing a 
a person at . <unk> <unk> 
parachuting at . a figure sunset a of silhouette 
person is gliding to parachute huge , sun with them <unk> . the with a a attached 
a beige a dog jumps and . onto leather white brown chair 
cream off oversized sliding an white . brown chair and a dog 
edge on chair a laying a the white dog of 
chair small jumps a dog a on white 
white dog leather jumps and brown chair white a on <unk> . a 
a . in wave ocean the white a lone surfer huge atop on surfboard a 
man surfing a in a over a wave is up wetsuit . and 
in . man a surfs a wetsuit 
black a wetsuit rides in wave surfer a . a 
the is . surfer against riding waves male a this 
a stream group in a children of playing 
woods the a children in muddy . the group of water play near 
. a sitting <unk> shallow people mud are in creek making six 
in six playing bathing are a in . creek people around suits 
children a . stream woodland are in some playing 
a as comes an end snowboarder to female the day relaxing 
girl beautiful a with a wearing goggles background the green jumpsuit and sunset in a 
herself green . a snowboarder a in looks behind jumpsuit 
. at herself sunset of a profile has a woman snowboarder photo taken 
sets to side a the . sun woman a her wearing goggles as looks colorful behind 
gold elephant an on fabric walking blue and <unk> , . a path in red stone 
elephant . some by <unk> in and an fabric is carrying something its is trunk covered 
in a . wearing colorful carrying <unk> an elephant his foliage trunk 
brick red blue a scarf walks . and road wearing the an along elephant 
. in wearing fabric red elephant holds grass blue an and trunk his 
an a . a down elevator holding man cup rides 
a an holding coming down drink a escalator is . man 
. a escalator man an cup on and carrying red a white up looking 
down is drink green man a holding . a escalator young a going 
escalator on up riding man cup an with while looking 
while a people coming over on hill . a look snowy skier 
others snowboarder made watch snow a a takes while . ramp of 
one person others while . on look snowboarding 
watching . the in a air perform skier a people trick are 
air watching several are in . a snow by there with skies person mountains people surrounded and the 
being group by of a are ridden . <unk> men 
on men in dressed bright <unk> colors . that painted are ride white with five 
<unk> street eastern . far wearing city men on riding are a five <unk> 
to rides elephant men four . give people wearing to wait <unk> 
riding street . several men <unk> the through 
a . 's an the while riding another man is elephant elephant person touching head is 
a is seat a sitting female with riding man an a <unk> on elephant . talking to 
man woman a elephant 's . is a petting 
rides that . to is woman give a <unk> an <unk> elephant 
woman to wall an on a elephant . pet a stands 
woman in singing are a of red . shirts group 
shirts together . red singing in of a group women 
<unk> in . of women dressed <unk> red 
tops women in are these red singing . 
red shirts singing women and wearing . , the are 
soccer catches red a a blue a player a by . jersey jersey in a ball in goalie 
a ball man a large front a crowd of in . catches 
to team a blocking soccer the from shot opposite player next goalie a . a 
a in game air there is <unk> a a the making in . goalie 
soccer two players are playing . soccer 
tennis and is boy a shirt playing . a shirts in white blue 
tennis . tennis ball a a at racket swings boy his 
shorts cap blue playing black tennis in . a a kid light and 
a . a blue with sunglasses tennis , shorts a and hitting shirt ball white person 
tennis a hitting ball a is woman . 
are playing field dogs a . two in catch 
to a attempt . small get two ball dogs 
. two ball dogs jump for the 
white two . ball of a with them chasing are airborne dogs one 
an dogs playing in are the ball . grass dry orange with two white 
by . use road <unk> man and a <unk> winter woman 
the pictures in take snow people . with several <unk> 
people on two snowy day a . <unk> 
taking in outside two pictures people . snow the 
people two pictures ground covered taking over snow . 
street down sled sleds the 
hill . down a children are snowy sledding 
a street five sledding . down children snow-covered 
down snow sledding a . four hill children 
the ride . road the sleds on people down 
man . snowy riding a down a hill 
a a down slope riding a sled . snowy person 
a down . sled riding hill a 
the in . is riding sled a red black the down on outfit hill boy the snowy 
. snow sleds the down the the in young hill boy 
covered hill snow people skiing a down are 
vests on red crosses mountain on ski them men with in . four a 
are on wearing four and . skis goggles <unk> helmets ski 
snowy progress uniform . a down skiers slope in 
hill the a of down side . skiers are going there four snow 
covered dog running a path is brown on a . snow 
is running through snow . a the brown dog 
. path snow-covered dog a down a runs brown 
through trail runs a brown dog a . snowy 
snowy . a on runs dog path a 
are white a dog and white through black the and a grass . dog running 
white chasing white dog and a a dog is behind black . 
alongside and in white dog black area . a runs a a grassy dog white 
two a field in playing . dogs 
grass running two in white dogs . 
along center . skating is skate a in ledge boy indoor an a 
rollerblades a a a guy . is skate grinding on in on park rail 
narrow park indoor skate platform a rollerblader . at an a grinding down 
a indoor at grinds <unk> a an . skate park rail 
man on helmet white young with a ledge rollerblading is 
green red . , and men juggling blue two blocks , 
men look are . with two they mall a in like playing boxes 
colored other two boxes a . stand juggling on men men balcony while stand 
colored men a mall . boxes <unk> two young in asian 
men . multi-colored two young people juggling watching with are blocks 
a dirt man trail a a is riding . bike down 
. woodland on biker mountain a riding is path a 
person a through some is on a trees trail bicycle a riding . 
area a . through trees person bike and of riding fallen leaves 
in rider the . a area bike wooded rides 
beautiful slopes a enjoys skier . a on <unk> day the 
black a hill . dressed person covered a down skiing snow in 
a down a skis hill person . snowy 
on a a high slope . mountain skier 
skier downhill skiing 
and a . snow is the through figure distance a walking is dog in 
dog path . <unk> along a a walking 
place a a . foggy walks in dog 
dog walking in . the a snow white 
thin has . path of which <unk> walks snow white a covering dog a along a 
on and head camera themselves man woman turn wearing covering a video a a . the 
holding that for . pose video and they a woman are the man camera 
their sweater man a in and for camera brown woman video . smile a a 
a with . couple smiling a camcorder 
a . woman standing into with holding and lens camcorder smiling man 
wearing by is a rider pursued bike racer red . another a in blue jersey 
bike man red a bikes on red two other in front . on of shirt people with 
path dirt up . racing bicyclists a through the three forest 
<unk> three up bikers a trail forest . 
men through three riding bikes the woods . 
the ocean in with . a surfing is coming wave in a person wetsuit black down a 
. is person a surfing 
a all black surfer wave . in riding a is 
surfer . rides the a waves 
. wetsuit surfs <unk> woman a in black a in weather 
a multiple grass dog carries toy the colored brown . a in 
dog its a toy . in brown the is its with yard mouth running across 
a toy the with a dog through . runs grass 
runs grass toy dog carrying a golden through . retriever a 
dog his is . in with running mouth toy his the 
a dress floor a in . the purple crying girl on 
. throwing a purple girl a a is <unk> in dress 
purple dress plaid floor . in the crying lying little on girl a is a 
purple dress her cries floor plaid the and her with girl little lays in . toy beside a a on 
a . <unk> purple young a throws dress girl in a 
's sit . children animal on two back an 
deer a for on . sitting two statue a children photo 
kids of deer on two . sit statue a a 
two riding fake a . little kids on <unk> 
on of children top two . a sit deer young statue 
in . boy brown a a frisbee , shirt a throwing 
a frisbee leaping a . boy flying to catch 
frisbee to catch trying . a a child 
a . a child frisbee stretches and leaps catch to young blue 
blue is frisbee flying runs little to kid grab that the through the the air . 
eyebrows holding nose ) glasses man , costume with attached and and cigars woman a ( wearing , and moustache a . 
an marx with cigars older . masks and fake couple <unk> 
cigars with couple an older and glasses . <unk> 
eyebrows wearing noses and <unk> . man and woman 
fake <unk> the are and posing . glasses and woman with man 
bench the on snow . a dog stands a in 
. stands falling while dog a bench snow is a on 
<unk> snow a . terrier on bench the stands jack a in 
a dog white night whilst wall snow and . on at stands is a brown falling stone 
the stands something falls while snow the dog on . around him 
a a in trick parking a performs man skateboard lot . 
skateboard on high . during jump a a person a 
low buildings brick some of is skateboarder airborne . in front a 
is flying a skateboarder through a red the on air . skateboard 
a building of through front the a soaring skateboarding in blue air . 
a in dancers group . of studio wearing dancing are black <unk> a 
in men , arms studio sky a dancing . of and women reaching a their the group to 
in a class . and dance men women 
tops ceiling men and dark women and to in hands the are shorts their stretching . 
up arms are heads . lifting men their their several straight above women and 
a each wearing couple holding silly <unk> and fake mask a a 
<unk> cigars as with fake and are man marx a dressed a woman . 
up dress and a . a man woman 
to man . woman funny a a wear large and cigars fake masks , pretend smoke and 
a woman a pose with <unk> and man . marx <unk> 
air a skateboard . does a person a the trick on in 
a leaping snowboarder a . <unk> is 
making air high are on in run the one there a a is jump two . and people ski 
, two , are who . snowboarders dressed white a trick there doing one in , is is 
three in people . snow the are 
a wearing a and jacket snowboarding hat green man is . 
a snowboarding a person is in coat . green 
air a green a . some in jacket catches snowboarder 
jumps snowboarder jump a a of . off 
snowboarder snow on the jumps . a 
the player as ball . to batsman run cricket ready a the is bowling getting is 
a cricket a man game a cricket in for ball up winds pitching . professional 
cricket men a the are two in playing stadium . 
guys dressed cricket white in . two play 
play men on an equipment them with behind audience field with cricket two . the 
a field wet group a playing soccer muddy boys in . of 
from are some there water ball up looking at boys . shirtless jumping a soccer 2 
are muddy a boys marsh playing soccer two in 
the two soccer rain . play boys in 
a a middle in the boys pond playing grassy . two a field of soccer young with in ball 
blue in the a windsurfing is a clear . distance with day on sky a person 
in gliding is a the person ocean . hang 
a wave on . parasailing person a 
sail craft a surfs a with . person a on 
yellow is on . someone blue parasail a parasailing and 
trees skier races near a . downhill 
. and a a hill <unk> snowy down skis person 
hill a down forested a skis . person 
skis a trees forest . person a of tall through 
is a trail lined skis a along tree riding . skier 
pitbull leap about black brown collar to branch , over white a is , a a with and 
dog wooded brown fallen over a in a a climbs . area branch 
a branch tree fallen dog hops a . brown over 
a tree jumping limb over area . dog wooded in a brown a is 
black white with in ground <unk> and brown on a collar going dog . chest limb over 
of a the of people busy is crowd looking <unk> he with yellow side on street city vest bright a . worker the 
. streets lime busy green city a in <unk> the security person 
on wearing and hat stands walk yellow busy bright street a jacket others a by while woman . a 
yellow . her matching by as jacket people a watching woman hat and walk a with 
people on walk standing by green neon and in while hat jacket sidewalk person 
snowsuit in dog a a and collar dressed a wearing with boy a brown yellow plays red . black 
. and in with black boy dog brown a playing coat a yellow 
the in dog down snow pants pulling yellow little on boy a a 
a snow playing child a and dog the in are young . 
standing in . dog are brown and the a the snow boy 
white car race is . driver a a helmet with sitting a in yellow 
man yellow of sort some vehicle a sitting inside 
into a car person yellow a a in helmet strapped white 
person vehicle a . a with inside yellow is sitting helmet 
driver view of eye bird in a 's car his 
bottles ladies a . their man they as hands beer <unk> of and two in looking hold 
a women red in shirt beer and hold man two a 
beers at . women posing with two man event , , bald 
women two bottles three . posing red man with in and young beer t-shirt 
holding a three people picture for and beers . posing 
. lone his a arms huge soaring wave through surfer midair raised with riding a 
by wave dark a a . is wetsuit man caught in a 
jumping surf . is into the man a 
big in . a a a fall himself of wave middle catches surfer the and catches 
in over man action a wave 
man a posing with girls . is bald smiling two 
at the camera girls are smiling a . and two guy 
a two shirt with and wearing red woman stands man . in smiles a white 
them . with landscape poses with facial girls along man hair two behind with a city a 
for man . women a a posing two photograph and 
are people outside four . posing 
people posing four a for picture 
woman at and the pose back in , man the women and two four a front in . people night , 
man and the . camera for pose three one women 
are women posing for a three picture one and . man 
a . is pictures a gallery at girl carrying photo bag looking in a yellow 
. on at pictures wall a some girl looking a 
lady art a at wall the . looks on the 
looking a at of woman is a . group photographs 
gallery looking . the pictures young at the bag an woman large with is in white art 
. restaurant at a eating large of are group asian people a 
. at lit a tables in blue crowded in sit restaurant <unk> 
restaurant eating crowded many a are . people in 
. at sitting tables people many many 
are . people tables crowded at in purple various lights red a eating with restaurant 
downhill a the in person . snow skiing 
snow cloud up of . skier <unk> a a 
snow skier traveling deep in downhill . a 
skiing is hill someone step snowy a . down 
skier snow in is the the . buried 
woman red her a hat standing . is over man behind a in white a a with shawl head 
. , hat behind brown man a to a a and , red woman shirt looks white left with in the 
. a behind and a white with shirt man plaid woman a headdress hat a with red 
in a an . <unk> white man hat 
looks with the white down the street left man head piece . the 
hand of a the on . in purple all <unk> in <unk> a her the crowded in woman lit midst device 
are bar there shirts . red with inside a people 
<unk> , people up and a woman line many . 
line lit in a a waiting people . dimly are purple restaurant of with light 
a in people stand at purple with lighting . line place 
a on is day at one dog . dog by a snowy fence another up jumping 
another . <unk> blond dogs one two 
. in snow two dogs 
snow two in play dogs the 
the dogs play snow . tan two in 
a . stand of dogs group the in snow 
in snow . stand dogs four the 
are snow and white a the standing dog black three in dogs . 
puppy black black dogs a a , dog the white snow in two and , . 
one . , in two one standing some dog snow dog large , dogs and small black white large are black 
. dogs two fighting blond are <unk> a lawn on 
are . grass in fighting dogs the large two white 
two fighting with white each dogs other 
slightly on dogs snowy white two . play of a together patch green grass 
each snow with play . other tall dogs two with in long grass haired <unk> white 
white . the mouth a its wide is with grass and standing dog open black on 
open at a with dog black and looks camera . an mouth the white 
a white camera at dog , and black . green , a field the barking on 
dog black its mouth with open and white a . runs 
white and wide the mouth its open black has dog . 
in a playing a boy . puddle mud 
someone young boy pants a in marsh in a while shirtless splashes . <unk> kneeling nearby is 
. while playing puddle laughs mud boy in 
puddle the the in boys splash in . muddy grass 
muddy around in playing and splashing water boys two . 
run group through field dogs . the snowy of a 
four snow dogs in happily running . 
in snow the dogs running four 
running over grass dogs snow covered . four 
colored in a field snowy several dogs different running 
court red white while jersey a . a wearing the basketball player and running down 
a a skinned white outfit sports man dark in plays basketball . 
ball a basketball a . man game a during dribbles 
an player playing basketball basketball . <unk> 
basketball to drives player <unk> basket the the . 
red . snowboard a boy a on is airborne 
a snowboard yellow a man off his in rail a coat jumps . 
a . snowboard the a on air person in 
jump a off snowboarder doing of a . a ledge 
snowboarder . a rides a night at covered off graffiti board wall his 
a festive standing outside dark the near in couple lights . some 
beautiful night lights on . a dark <unk> trees 
are by winter a . they meet coats , wearing lights fountain <unk> men in two 
sculpture at . night people two light at a looking stand 
of a standing are wearing two statue black up front lit people in . 
holding a person a in baby yellow is . 
to <unk> slightly the her mother older a and <unk> of phone newborn sitting a picture next 
a lying couch a baby on holds while woman a 
old an baby a holds woman a in photograph new . yellow wearing 
holding blanket yellow with baby woman covered 
blue woman skirt , by dog a vest black held for and a jumping a beige up ball in shirt 
a . from 's something up to dog jumps a woman hand take 
a holding dog ball and woman a a 
woman . a leaps ball it dog holds a a for while 
mouth into a ball the dog woman jumping <unk> the . 's 
flag a . is carried 
white green and flag , black a . , red 
country held is the flag of a crowd in being a 
, red a white hand , a front flag is green there black in and . of , 
flag , red is green . a , white and of black a , picture there 
. a snow is deep in dog playing the 
. a snow running through dog deep pack 
runs through . a the deep dog snow 
is dog white a . through running the snow 
running through white snow dog 
teddy front fair where giant be booth a of <unk> crowd people a are in can . of bears at 
stand teddy at and of a of picture a people a bears hanging . crowd 
large hang stuffed carnival . a above game bears 
with toy a over around hanging many are game people table bears crowded it . 
an <unk> stuffed carnival as at a indoor animals <unk> game . large people with 
an a of lot playing arcade games at people 
. at an a in blue is fishing game playing arcade a man 
a <unk> . in trying for is man game to fairground a fish a 
game arcade an an man fishing asian . is in 
at to attempts the family . <unk> carnival the get a 
is a . bird air through flying the 
<unk> a flying blue . 
<unk> . a takes flight gray 
a is flight mid . in bird large 
of the in . front a trees pelican flies through air 
red sled a a boy riding in hill is the down . 
an is orange slide . man a sledding on 
riding hill fast sled going snowy down red a a man a 
kicks adult orange cloud on up . of a sled snow an an 
gets a of face slope snow on a a <unk> . full 
something the one lady <unk> other is while . is drinking 
in sits beside the white hair brown woman . the blue woman a hair <unk> 
women , . one elderly one and <unk> eating two 
looking drinking , . , women two other down one the 
, is two older women , the is drinking the looking younger . one down 
mud puddle of in . group field a a sitting boys grassy a is large in 
water group plays . boys of with and mud a grass the four in 
. four muddy boys sitting a in are stream 
in the mud . play boys four 
boys sit four mud . in the 
man . a through an walks arcade 
warm clothing . people carnival many crowd games in around indoors 
many playing . colorful carnival people games 
. is very busy this marketplace 
a in young people arcade busy 
the <unk> a balloons game <unk> <unk> throwing to . for 
booth . game balloons is animal park a a small child stuffed at amusement with holding an 
people trying carnival a are pop game to balloons playing 
. in front of balloon a people game gather 
people stuffed carnival at animals and . of wall on standing balloons game 
column a of coat near big a outside in a store man stands a red . 
jacket jeans in in a a of stands man . store front a and red next column a to 
man near standing a corner . a street 
on the a . wearing near a stands man building coat corner red a 
. two are city store outside people a standing a on street 
in in area . boys urban pose carts shopping bottles with 
guys roof sitting are top carts in city four shopping on a 
. on pose young shopping carts males four 
boys grocery a carts sitting are in parking lot . teenage in several 
<unk> carts in teenagers play . a shopping of 
in swimming parasails a . man black gear 
man windsurfing a 
a a group other with man <unk> windsurfs . of 
white the the and board is red black a the man on in suit . sail a in water with 
boat ski . the on a water the in is man 
in a ball uniform chasing soccer sports boy a a 
boy wearing kick to ball a a , . preparing blue a uniform 
chasing a uniform team child a . in and white soccer a blue ball 
blue boy ball uniform chasing . a young a in a soccer 
soccer playing uniform blue a boy . in 
a collie . over outside jumping obstacle an border is 
a a collie white jumping obstacle over . 
hurdle jumps a collie a 
jumps a over agility jump collie white a 
in . over a hurdle a grass the jumps dog 
snowboarding hill person a down a snowy . 
snowboarder down a . coming is hill a 
slope snowboarding down snow covered person . a 
. <unk> snowboarding someone snow down , hill is a 
a snowy the hill down . is man snowboarding 
boy of , are and in , jeans . a front both fence a standing in girl 
guy fence girl a . a stripes pose and in in a against gray 
of next fence and stand two man , a front each a . woman in wood other 
in smiling the with striped park . in <unk> woman man 
with people in few the picture for a trees background posing two the 
with him while a the try block ball <unk> player . to leaps basketball 
a a . white in uniform a basketball pro makes miami player move <unk> 
try to into players block a basketball ball . goal going the from 
uniform man . in make jumping shot a basketball to a miami 
player <unk> the is basketball . miami number from 
seen a . through people bus of the window 
a women are on there . bus three 
people in bus a night three . riding at blue 
the on city <unk> women bus in their a own business are three . 
the . the while talks others three the women sit one subway on on phone ; read 
them a the . boys are of up two ducks behind bunch with walking beach 
two ducks a on lake from walking away a hill up . children 
two with boys from running lake a ducks little 
boys the playing water near . ducks young two with 
the ducks young pond . the with beach run boys in behind them on two 
a . jeans smiling couch girl and a on white sitting in 
couch . girl a a her is on lap a in sitting <unk> with 
a a shirt a next in couch gray on . boy to girl white a sits 
. white a a on sits woman smiling couch 
sitting . the is white a on girl boy nearby a couch with 
a doing bicyclist a . ramp a on trick 
a on jump . is a ramp covered performing a cyclist graffiti 
graffitied a skateboarding people a in couple ramp large the background with 
of ramp midst jump the person a . in 
boy trick a with performing a . skateboard the is a off ramp 
picture adults a front brick . gather house a a of group in of for 
of . a picture a people are posing for group 
people together . house large posing group of outside a a of 
small <unk> outside office . of group a large a building 
sized group camera of pose the of medium front in people . a 
girl beach in a clothes the colorful on 
girl is purple and gold . in rainbow <unk> a a holding 
<unk> with colorful clothes holding . girl is a colorful 
colorful on beach scarves a carries young lot a of . woman the 
the selling on woven walking woman items beach . 
the <unk> snowboarding a afternoon in . person sun 
snowboarder . silhouetted as is ground sun they <unk> the against the a 
. snowboarder a off the snow jumps 
snowboarder sets <unk> the the the . horizon sun through while air on the 
snow a hill off the . covered jumps snowboarder 
through lake . in a <unk> wading , boy a 
through the a water . boy walks 
large child a white . with walks along tent young lake a a nearby 
rural area big water in boy background and into tents heads hills in , . , 
some people bridge the while some in walk enjoying barn the in the , on the <unk> water beach off and by . look others are 
two mat play sitting . are babies a in 
a inside two playing . of colorful padded enclosure babies 
play . a children inside area sit two 
playpen are toddlers sitting a in colorful . two 
are floor with sitting plastic blue two in toddlers a playpen a . 
over ramp the is in a air bicyclist a . 
jump makes . a rider ramp on a <unk> a bike 
ramp . a bike a on rider 
boy bike a in trick waiting is down to . back a come midair doing 
him a hilly a near terrain vertical grassy on goes ramp . , bike a with guy a behind 
a wrestler another to ground . wrestler the throws 
in a two professional match <unk> men wrestling . 
a in in a ring fight men two 
in midair ring wrestling in men professional a fighting two . 
jump a wrestlers while official an ring watches two . in 
homeless man a on the street living 
is man covered the on a with sidewalk blanket asleep a . 
a a . blanket on sleeps street a under man city 
sidewalk city man a on takes a busy in a the nap . 
the the pass as by under a in the man street crowds blanket sleeping is . 
half on snowboards . wearing pipe goggles a man a 
on a snowboard tricks does the yellow person . a some in snow 
at person . snowboarding ski slope a 
the in snowboarder is a pants trick the blue . performing 
dark top with blue a wearing helmet and , is a the goggles snowboarder pants . 
are . foam toddlers playpen in some playing a 
in area . a toddlers colored brightly play two 
together play toddlers . two 
colorful . play padded area <unk> two in a play 
. young with are two children playing toys 
woman while . the at at in the looks shadow a sun book looks camera a the one in 
girl <unk> . a stands reading 
up red girls . stand a against two wall 
<unk> girls near with two stand one reads . a a door book young while 
colorful women skirts young black and wearing stand . scarves door a head near red two 
is beach the on man riding . a bicycle bearded a 
beard of ocean man the grey rides a beach his with bike . a on the 
long man grey hair riding on shore an and a older bike long with grey the beard . 
on beach <unk> the a a bicycle . man rides 
and . grey hair riding with long gentleman on beach bicycle the a beard 
about a . air a the make basketball to in player shot 
basketball two watch others jumps as the up a ball player with . 
school a . game progress in is basketball 
between for eastern basketball from . player shot goes defenders two a 
men playing . a basketball game 
billboard giant a of <unk> a 's man 
of pedestrians a <unk> man jeans in an shirtless walk advertisement . in front 
model by male huge white black and a <unk> pass . a jeans poster his of people 
by man advertisement walk people large naked a . partially of 
large billboard walk a . past some people 
off a jumps . rider bicycle ramp a 
rider covered stunt graffiti a a . performs bmx wall a beside 
clothing behind in stunt graffiti ramp him a man a on near midair . with a in bicycle dark 
is around the bike on twisting , graffiti . , a body with person his him handlebars behind a midair 
a on the is bike person . 
in corner man turns a his on green . racing a gear motorcycle 
a the up man motorcycle on speeding a road green . 
<unk> a sport speeding a on motorcycle motorcyclist green . along road a 
driving motorcycle a a person green 
<unk> man the . helmeted green rides a 
man a stone and sitting a with . paying a back flute man boy the a their , to wall 
and a sit . a stone wall rest a man against boy and small 
sit red against a street and flute a . man a wall boy a a holding on 
. and wall on the red of in sitting front ground young man child rock 
the ground next man to rocky and , wall the on boy sit a . 
the conversing market middle the in . brightly are dressed eastern women 
with . heads people their two scarves covered have the 
colored hair woman <unk> two . wearing outside their over different 
. women looking head a with public other two garb each at area in 
<unk> with red with with . at a woman brown <unk> market a woman a 
man is . a wave about surfboard a his in fall to off 
his surfs him in sun , a the face man behind shadow . , 
of in front of green wave a surfboard a a on water woman 
someone giant surfing a is . wave 
surfing boy the . is 
. blanket a a hoodie dog on a dark in with man a red sits 
a a and with down it brown standing on a <unk> jacket dog on laying is . red white 
big laying brown white on jacket and on the spotted street a dog . 
the the in rest park dog takes a . 
is on on top black the turn the a wearing . the dog man mouse is sitting the in in sitting that of coat front 
ocean a <unk> a dog brown the from is back . bringing 
running in orange whilst object in brown a is mouth its the carrying . dog an ocean 
. dog is running the orange its in ocean out toy floating with of a mouth an 
a with through toy beach water . the a the at running dog 
retrieves toy dog . an from <unk> the surf orange a 
girls is ? card two up <unk> " a reading " hold this what 
holding kids two card and a . smiling 
that people holding what pose for this says card <unk> <unk> " ? is two a " a 
camera at . while sign people holding a two the smile 
they card smile two hold a . <unk> girls <unk> teenage to as 
eastern woman headscarf in purple a beside pink wearing is middle the the . headscarf walking woman a 
woman . head <unk> their faces wearing scarves two and <unk> 
heads their scarves are . <unk> two women wearing an 
look photographer women with two over . scarves the heads dressed <unk> at their 
head women two . in <unk> 
a in ear while is leans touching in another front man man of a girl . a 's tree 
the young of while girl young touches a , a head side . man watches man another 's 
touching while a a on woman young cheek young friend man looks 's a 
observes leafy , in 's background man man face as young pink . shirt girl young touches 
the of and the touches . tree near one men faces are a people three 's woman 
a a grass through dry in . woman a shirt runs blue of field 
sweater through is a blue the field woman . running a brown in 
an jogging open a field woman on 
runs woman a outside a . in coat blue 
blue ran woman field jacket the the . in through the 
a team game pink other in girls with . light the blue one , soccer in 
in <unk> soccer girls playing blue . pink teams uniforms 
girls soccer play . 
blue girls wearing and a playing uniforms game pink . are soccer 
girls and a pink blue soccer on the team play the . of team the game 
a in girl backwards a sweatshirt bends over purple . 
. bending a girl backwards her holding hat 
person backwards bending a . 
blue in bend doing sweatshirt a a back . person is a 
bends blue in over woman street . the on a backwards 
runs approaching away boy the from waves the ocean of little . a 
beach across the a girl little runs . wet 
runs . ocean on near sand girl the the wet a little 
the young in across ocean . runs beach a the wet background with girl a 
running child on . the beach 
bicycle hill on the rider bike jumping . his a 
bicycle a ground on leaving the . a man 
. blue a over and a matching man shirt bike his a wearing hill is helmet jumping 
on riding hillside helmet a mountain . wearing a biker a 
is background bike his from while the camera person one camera walking jumping his bike towards the one . the in away another 
boy . a a snowy sledge red is a hill down riding 
a down blue on a jacket hill in going a sled a child . 
hill kid red sled a a riding . snowy a down 
is kid a . a down little in sledding blue snowy hill 
down sled on a young a a snowy child is red hill . sledding 
his mouth black a dog ball tennis a white and . catching in 
. a his in ball a with dog field in tennis mouth stands a 
dog in grassy a a a ball . with field 
a ball sitting mouth outside its a with . in dog 
white and the tennis black his . in the catches dog ball mouth 
. men on chairs plaid four wearing sit 
from alike four drink glasses chairs men while them who sit look two , of . in 
same man same four . of the room in the 
a he . same has 4 them guy and of 3 of pictures there crown is the on in 
and a matching and robe in shirts are in room a men with hats pants three . , man 
a . a man photograph displays 
of up holding <unk> a people man a picture two 
a in is poster two holding people it man up . small with a 
<unk> in is . picture standing of a holding up a front man a 
the street a . a down walking man holding up is picture 
group a hold a catch . up ball of other each to woman 
's sports high performs members , <unk> women including . tossing a some ball a lifting tricks and 
team high ball up catch lifted members to flying being a . 
woman catch to jumping . three into ball a air young the 
. woman other by volleyball being lifted play women 
woman sidewalk . a with a the city to silver a in camera coat their on and a backs are man 
person . with walks another night a at woman 
on waiting sidewalk . couple 
night are people . outside at 
get looking to people a . two outside paper 
surrounded boy a by pigeons 
surrounded by many pigeons a is . little boy 
the a and boy the amongst coat hat blue wearing a street standing pigeons little is . on 
the on who boy of . gathered the little have in the sidewalk middle birds stands 
the little . child in pigeons the blue amidst the cap is 
sign a . holding man bearded a 
says that homeless <unk> carries " man a sign " . a 
help person asking a homeless for 
a hoodie a a in small sign black man holding . 
is black hoodie a sign holding a . a paper in man 
looks a baby book woman holding a a bookstore in a at while . 
a a a woman a . <unk> shirt through book at wearing black store 
a with bookstore in woman . baby a a <unk> 
a a display woman baby looks through . a with book 
books woman holding a for shopping baby 
the and friends laughing playing <unk> on . a of a couch red are group 
people group laughing of couch red on a . a 
sitting couch people happy a four red on 
and four on laughing couch a people . sitting 
laugh on a people . sitting couch 
and . its white nose a gold dog licking a tag black collar with and brown the snow from 
licking lips . a falls dog snow its while 
nose a dog shaggy snow <unk> its . with licks 
a his white licks and lips . winter during dog brown 
the snow . and white off the licks nose dog cold brown his of 
as dog person a an . to jumps chase it throws object furry a 
. a black brown dog a for run stick woman throwing a to in is after 
jump . air dog a woman getting the her to is in 
with woman shaggy playing a a dog 
woman , the a in a plays brown wind furry dog . with 
a making on . wall white a boy is a skateboard blue a beside jump bench from 
urban skateboarding in area a an boy 
his with midair skateboard skateboarder a . 
skateboard a teen grinding on a bench 
skateboarding . the is fence boy on bench the the by 
man a blue dives lake a into clear . 
into water dives . black trunks in a bathing man 
pool is man shorts in rocky a into . black a diving 
diving water trunks in black into a swim the man 
. is blue diving a into clear water person 
fish . out of bird water large white a a pulling the 
. seagull water the lands a on 
at water white beak on . lands in a something the bird its it has 
the water large in . seagulls two are 
two foreground . water in held , object beak seagulls on bird has 
onto a a of shirt child palm sand . a <unk> trees blue slide in front is being a from in <unk> 
. tube hit about out is a sand kid coming and is of to a slide the 
covered coming a a . slide small out of child 
from high . child shoots slide blonde speed at young a a 
land boy to the down beige . about young from a in sand trip a a slide 
christmas apron in near and stand . fireplace and a a tree woman man a a 
. in tree posing front man a of a a and christmas woman 
single tree a a a of stand . man <unk> christmas woman <unk> and front a in 
with a woman christmas their standing their on to next are and tree <unk> man hands . a 
<unk> their <unk> christmas about a young couple . 
up and down dog the black snow a jumps white in and . 
. boxer snow in the a leaps 
standing collar white dog red brown the and wearing a . in a is snow 
snow above . a dog 
dog . snow the out in large 
walking a behind and a man sunset , on the orange beach girl . 
beach man barefoot at the . walking sunset and a on girl are 
sunset a girl . the and man along walk at beach 
woman with a on behind walk <unk> . and beach them man sunset 
beach couple out is at dusk there a . walking the 
surrounded white a dog brown barks snow by . 
is . the dog standing in wearing open black <unk> a snow collar a 
tan with collar black the a dog snow barking a . in 
barking dog 
. barking in snow standing dog 
other back mouth its it while one at . bird opens bird the looks 
birds . in fighting other tall are each two grass 
birds in are wooded two a area . standing 
interacting grass birds in the two 
birds other facing colorful . each two 
. dog in jumps over the a <unk> snow 
runs dog . a snow the through 
a field bounding dog is large a . through snowy white 
a snow bounding through dog white 
in black white brown snow and dog frolics a markings . with 
splashing . around in bird a a stream 
bird a puddle splashing in a 
in a duck is water a . puddle splashing of 
white with . black in water orange beak and around with bird rocks 
puddle that the the in by is . is bathing rocks bird surrounded 
the children on four . jumping shore 
a other of girls four are water on the to next body shore of . sand large jumping each 
sand jumping . are and down girls the up the on near ocean four 
jump at four girls sand . the in the beach 
the girls beach up four hands holding at . jump while 
a older behind gathers man an . crowd 
man the camera a people of for posing in . a front of is group 
stands man in brown . while shirt a crowd a looks on old an 
shirt group being . the by is on street man and brown watched a of people in beard 
, a man on brown street in sunny shirt crowd in background 
in children child black white 2 hill walking on one . in snow while knees covered down a their are is 
in shown the children are three . snow 
in playing . three children snow 
hill , are down snow-covered kids a three . walking steep 
field little large boys a snow in three play covered 
. people lot a , a of surrounded sign man a by up holding 
. the holding a a sign a up man background in with crowd 
rally a sign man protest pro protest <unk> a a at holds 
<unk> says sign are a holds that " who man a <unk> in <unk> <unk> " . a crowd 
coat . a with sign protest a a black carrying <unk> man pro 
event . at outdoor an a crowd 
a is crowd gathering . plain on a grassy 
forest a a smaller art the festival edge on of 
at in . festival a grass play crowded children outdoor 
at colorful fair <unk> people . 
a standing small snow-covered on night metal a a structure on man . 
ledge a surrounding him with a performs <unk> , on snowboarder trick a <unk> . 
man a on a jumping red railing young 
. in snow , structure wooden low snowboarder balances on 
on ledge and is man pants standing snow . the a shirt in this in white blue , dressed 
water of a a sandy stream beach a dog jumping on . is over 
a on over beach dog puddle a the jumping 
stream . water dog over of jumping a a 
water standing the . over grey a white and sand in jumping dog 
dog a small a . over stream leaps 
five that abandoned standing of a middle the group a are <unk> is room of . and men in 
to a a of inside <unk> band stand . the building group dark guys appear <unk> who be and 
ground are and a dark in on and . is the walls , room <unk> men standing graffiti there where five 
with . the a in walls are dark on men room standing five graffiti 
picture for posing are alleyway a . people down run a four young standing in 
on handlebars rides the with a a bike . helmet a feet his boy wearing blue 
plays . bicycle helmet his boy on blue a with a 
little feet helmet his blue boy his with . rides the handlebars bike with a a on 
. feet in bike helmet boy handlebars with blue on riding 
his a on boy of helmet . resting the bike his handlebars with feet 
<unk> is a jacket wearing rescue dog up man jumping . and a at a 
, large . uniformed a a a is black dog on practicing attacking man <unk> 
with . uniform a playing a black a in dog man 
at with dog leaping with in a setting hat him blue in black . a a <unk> man a 
man in padded in field a <unk> black and training a blue . for dog rescue suit 
treat dog about . catch brown a a is to 
food his a piece mouth brown dog to catch . of a opens 
to treat is about in catch . his a dog a mouth 
treat dog a opens its mouth catch to a 
a . is catching the dog treat 
stands in a a . on shirt boy a red mountain 
with in on hill outstretched of arms a the boy a red . side shirt 
little a and outstretched stands of top boy rock with smile . a arms a red in on 
wearing and . is standing red some child rocks is and beanie jagged on shirt little a a a 
on rocks standing . some boy little 
into the a thrown cheerleader air 
up cheerleaders cheerleaders their lifting above are other . group heads of a two 
, is looking doing of . the same are cheer the top one at cheerleading up girls a pyramid background on cheerleader in her 
heads in and black cheerleaders cheerleaders hold their above two . red dressed 
in cheerleaders on two curtain an other . red in cheerleaders are red front a the of standing black of shoulders 
shirt blond nose <unk> . his a his blue light on boy 
blue on a his nose blond shirt boy his <unk> 
boy nose a little shirt with <unk> blue his . his 
blond boy <unk> with his shirt face blue his . 
small face the his boy , <unk> his blue using is <unk> his belly shirt to . 
down a dogs are . running covered hill snow three 
dogs three snow the in . 
snowy jump , and dogs in landscape three play . the run 
down racing snowy three path a dogs together . 
three in . the snow dogs running 
a stands a him lies black while dog floor behind the dog brown . on 
that black laying patio brown . a dog on dog over a down is is a jumping 
pitbull dog jumps a brown tiger . a over striped black and 
another over lying jumps one down while dog him 
smaller jumps dog down his tan with black back . the over dog and is laying the 
men a of rugby playing bunch 
a group a running men in . field of 
with line being rugby . a whilst of player ball a runs by <unk> the backs 
a sunny soccer on with <unk> a . player the ball day 
running players the spectators trees with and background rugby . in 
flying the air through . brown dog a is 
. jumping air the brown in dog is a 
through . jumping a in brown dog the a grassy yard air 
. fenced yard grass dog the a in over tan jumps large a the in air 
a from , , on jumping backyard . a shot dog in , midair grassy behind red 
black the over dogs is other the . the right on <unk> dog two 
in running . around the snow three are dogs 
dogs . in three the snow 
playing outside the dogs deep . in three snow 
run large three snow . in white dogs around 
a victory wrestler his celebrating 
opponent wrestler a . direction opposite in pain his walks crouches the while in 
in <unk> purple wrestler up in <unk> ball while a . one blue a in 
. upset just a <unk> wrestling the <unk> is and match 
. one looks a as <unk> floor a the wrestler on on away walks wrestler up from referee 
carries stick big a a a dog . pond across frozen 
pond brown surface frozen on black and the stick a a walks . dog holding a of , 
. in mouth a covered across carrying pond an brown ice dog his is stick a 
frozen stick dog carrying lake brown walking . a a on a 
. the mouth is an its carrying big object dog is 
jumping his rail is bicycle boy . a on a 
boy playground a over on a jumping rail a is . metal a bike in 
a is . a railing white a over jump cyclist performing 
man bike a . stair over handrail rides a his 
over man equipment bike playground jumping . on young outdoor 
dressed are a laughing on two and girls bed . sitting up 
. to a bed sit dressed laughing on two girls party 
in two the smiling camera at . dresses woman 
ladies two small in young on sitting be are . dresses a skimpy 
of on two the all the dressed . young women bed sit up edge 
water girl bucket . of a on another girl dumps a 
a . water at bucket pool throwing in is a another girl of a girl 
surrounded girl bucket one , another a in with . by plants smiling girl splashes pool 
one a on . girl in water pool throws another 
playing other pool . splashing and are girls the with each the in water 
people , family , in brick of a a of white a including <unk> four front . children with fireplace <unk> pose 
of tree the family and . fireplace front a christmas in poses 
a and family tree the posing <unk> by . christmas 
the family a by . poses happy fireplace 
. and pose two for family picture couples a four kids 
be chunk wood with a to mouth through snow in of appears its running . what dog the a 
. mouth snow in dog something through the white a carries its 
the object white mouth dog in with snow running a in its an 
in a over a runs . or , log a with white lawn dog snowy his <unk> field 
. dog white a on in a with snow purple the plays necklace 
<unk> a an with playing guitar a woman microphone 
a the and playing singing . guitar onstage woman <unk> 
woman microphone sings . a guitar a while into playing 
sings brown plays into a and her young microphone . woman guitar a haired 
guitar a stage on . sings young a and plays woman 
in sweaters in them of snow the . striped are two toy a in with outside red front the dogs 
the in sweaters fight two dogs striped . snow in 
striped snow sweaters in the dogs in two play . 
in dogs snow play two sweaters in . the 
. wrestle grass snowy the two sweaters striped wearing on dogs 
suits in a beach bathing walk on . a couple 
and to swimsuits ocean and are a man . sunglasses white and woman black next in the 
a walk bikini beach a and woman black white and a man . crowded a on blond a speedo in in 
the in beach in a a a woman speedo standing man on a and bikini 
blond bikini in beach a <unk> a walk at and a speedo the muscular a together . in man 
. a a is the standing water person net holding in 
sun shallow in net a down with goes a the as fishing standing person . water is 
is . net the person a a in water walking with 
sunset a a lake at and net holding walking girl in 
a at sunset lake . net in fishing wading with person the 
face a of pushes child its window playground towards up . a a 
way a of water drops when come <unk> . her girl 
against hole colorful structure <unk> <unk> <unk> girls in . , , wet 
looking expression his hole his a has boy has is and through one his a . who on funny head face by up hands 
with child a out cut hole is its through on spraying the . face water 
purple shirt a holds a in pillow . a girl 
pulled is shirt . their in a girl a over shirt someone 's <unk> white head has purple 
arm left and a raising smiling her girl 
tugging white woman on sheet a laughing is a and 
shorts . a flowered shirt pink girl and blue swinging pillow in 
chainsaw using man a a on a . is statue 
<unk> a log a into . chainsaw <unk> a <unk> man a 
a man of into with is . a wood man chainsaw a carving statue a 
brown and chainsaw the with with . fellow chainsaw a statue a <unk> the carving is 
of carving a wood is out . santa the man 
. stone of a a a top ridge is <unk> man on looking small at 
a at formation man looking rock a . 
. to head wall a a his on man hand puts his rock 
a stone <unk> flat <unk> eyes beside their a of person . standing 
with a near stands . a his person head hand to monument next his rock 
on looking mountains . sitting ground covered is the the hiker towards snow a 
on . a top of is a sitting mountain man 
mountain person sits . near a a 
on the a one person of backpack mountain side sitting rocky . a wearing 
a mountain overlooking sitting on is rocky . hill a someone 
a bridge on a a crosses wooden makeshift . snowboard person 
a snow over box patch grinds wooden a a of <unk> . snowboarder 
platform . a is wooden a leaping snowboarder of 
snowy ramp a over a slides along snowboarder a . <unk> 
a board over the does a obstacle slide snowboarder wooden . 
in <unk> of <unk> board performance theater . a a is the blue jacket man a 
<unk> a . pole man letters using from large sign a to a is 
a sign a a front store in of a . on with letters man pole long up putting 
pole in long a blue . <unk> a <unk> theater in person letters sweatshirt a using a 
theater . a community <unk> <unk> the theater outside a worker 
to another blue dog dog passes golden a beach . on a the golden ball 
ball and surf blue play stand . in with small brown two a dogs the 
's object competing a dogs . mouth two beach for are in nearby one an 
by over fighting water blue two dogs ball 
standing tan blue while dogs ball a two on share beach . a 
man woman sitting and camp a laughing on chairs a and . 
sit as in lawn chairs a woman man a yellow smile . and they 
laugh in . sit and chairs woman man and lawn a a 
beard in lawn in . chairs a sitting and in tents a a of front woman a with shirt red man 
sitting to bearded smiling chair at the is in . next a woman her lawn the man 
bald sitting a blonde and . together man woman 
. sitting screen a of front a in computer couple 
shirts a man <unk> dark a in in woman background room a beige . a colored the with and wear 
<unk> a watches a <unk> . a woman man 
looking at woman . a <unk> man 
a jumping air the to next . ski is lift the in snowboarder 
in a ski a the the lift background with person riding jumping in snowboarder air a 
a on . one another while snowboards ski lift is person 
lift people ski on a . 
. snowboarders a sit chairlift on 
laughing a . scarf woman a in 
a . being <unk> woman by laughing scarf a , , a in dog 
dog woman to as . her a a <unk> scarf makes a tries a black face wearing 
woman <unk> scarf black dog . a by black in being 
woman dog a is <unk> . brown by laughing being she as 
a a is . child mother holding 
is that distance is looking an adult into child <unk> . the a 
in wearing a holding a is little blue headdress a . woman boy 
a and looks woman camera in . child sideways small scarf a at a holds the 
infant head a woman a an holding covering wearing 
girl white dots <unk> walks boots a woman a her blue in a black and behind outfit and polka wearing . walks 
<unk> behind street a young her woman with in walks down <unk> woman a a the . 
followed a . woman down woman with in boots the by blue a a purse in big street walks 
her with . woman purse big walks a 
women street down walk . the 
woman . eye stands a a with child a and with a <unk> man 
and woman . a child , , man 
for pose and man woman an of a , little boy front in door outside a picture . 
of building woman with and injured outside holding eye child pose man . 
pose two and outside . a adults child <unk> a small 
. bicyclist a midair performing a in trick 
bike is an on trick a . biker doing aerial his 
a guy the does in . a air trick 
wearing with is helmet a bmx a a bike his doing . man stunt 
aerial performing . red wearing on is bicycle man a stunt a an shirt the 
is tire track a a in walking . snow the in dog 
that <unk> golden the a tire snow in track been a running along dog . has is out 
walking in young a tire snow track the through dog a . 
through . puppy golden walking retriever snow 
. in walking dog the snow the is 
man at and <unk> a . look a toddler 
a in of and a child front billboard man 
a pooh coat red hat a a a . child backpacker and <unk> and with and read near black a man in <unk> snowsuit 
on a a street . sign with man stands a a looking small child corner at 
outfit at with a young red a man a looking child in there <unk> . is 
a of man picture woman . and a close-up a 
cute club a a at couple 
for with a pose a girl camera <unk> the a guy . and 
stand together and man close a woman . a 
pose woman picture man . a a together and for 
a in girl gets her snow sled the . off 
the a down belongings with . in snow lady her sits 
deep a snow carrying . snowboard across is person a 
at sleds night snow on the . person a 
the snow . pink through is dragging hat the sled a the in girl 
glasses a with does bearded man a <unk> . 
into a air the man jumping 
a air into jumps the man . 
to a air up and with . wearing man side leaps sunglasses the out legs spread and his arms suspenders the in 
wearing a a performs . in suspenders man split midair 
playing with snow other are each brown dogs two the . in 
chase the two each . brown snow dogs in other 
play in two . the dogs brown snow 
snow the in playing . two dogs 
. in two or snow playing dogs the fighting 
man <unk> helps <unk> a a . flag 
<unk> a front covered i with a man face of in crowd an burning flag . 
<unk> an <unk> men . flag 
some have middle on fire an . <unk> flag people eastern set 
red flag red flannel a <unk> is watching . <unk> while man shirt a and the wearing 
a . a <unk> at people of beach are group 
of near gather <unk> at . some beach group a the kayaks 
people next beach boats sun the . on to 
near upside-down <unk> boats are several . <unk> 
beach play relax the on several people . and 
, trick performs dirt a in midair biker a 
the in air a high motorbike gets driver . his with 
racer a in motocross does trick . midair a 
. performing man stunts his with motorcycle 
hanging the motocross of the it man air through bike as jumping off back is . the the is 
a black at <unk> black and dog and kitchen a white look up small dog . 
stand kitchen the small and a dog to . to a dog <unk> counter large next 
a to and looking small black a . large both next dog white counter standing a onto up black dog 
kitchen food at look counter , plate of on floor up . dogs <unk> 
the . counter begging kitchen at dogs the are 
dog a <unk> by . chased few a are 
go slides of chases group sledding on a one dog he hill . snowy as a a people and 
hill a . dog sled and a children plays snowy on 
play people four the snow a dog and . in 
of various a of chases . stage snowy four playfully people dog on hill , in while sledding one them a 
a car bride to umbrella a being <unk> black an large under 
a takes under bride umbrella . cover an 
umbrella <unk> . a a <unk> <unk> under held by an is <unk> 
<unk> rain in the couple an an . older stand under umbrella <unk> 
train in . stand the <unk> outside 
man a . green wave surfs on a huge 
riding in on black the wave a catches a dressed huge <unk> and surfer starts . 
in surfer black rides a wetsuit a wave . a 
is that . tube to wave a a beginning surfer is riding 
wave down <unk> a . surfer riding 
in <unk> . ice someone 's a skates the lady snow 
blue . skates is a person person another in ice red vest the a on touching 
woman the a another the <unk> in . boots snow of 
's shoes . woman a someone <unk> 
boots hill snowy check has his <unk> a by skier on a man 
in two wrestling men a . competition are 
other two while wrestling are men people are watching 
men two young . an of of front the men floor wrestle in on group 
two match wrestling . a at men 
. competing in a two young tournament wrestling men 
. in hat coat small and writing blue very a red holds a sign with a man 
that about a man in in hat a and is <unk> talks . protest a jacket up <unk> and holding <unk> blue red a 
a a and hat man with up blue coat holding a red . sign a is 
. blue in man sign a holding coat a 
men standing on signs sidewalk . with the 
brown . dog green a on cushion a laying 
on brown a . dog a green rests cushion 
sleeps . pillow a dog brown green on a 
green on cushion down a . dog laying a 
green a large bed dog in lying sun , a on brown big dog the is . 
waits her ; and girl another checks a girl an . <unk> sits on phone 
ice sits on her cellphone on skate a looks her girl . friend while a with fence checking 
two . cellphone ice girls one are her is skating checking and 
ice rink girls talk an two skating at . 
another two girls talk to one stand outdoors and . 
with one cigarette legs holding group . gather is only and a showing their people of them of a 
cigarette a . holds man a 
feet several . people cigarettes holding hands and of 
of this <unk> faces jeans and no in . are <unk> shown 
<unk> lower smoking of the . and sitting and people legs 
, dog brown in is out tongue snow the white and a his with black 
in its black a white and . in <unk> tree <unk> toy mouth , an the with snow brown near a dog red 
. walking along surface is snowy a a dog 
snow dog looking is the in . a young <unk> 
nose walking through is . his dog snow the licking the 
<unk> get a . of wet <unk> 
group <unk> of men . in a rafting raft doing a blue 
are choppy a in group . large people a water raft of on 
yellow a raft down the of . in group go rapids and a people blue 
a blue battle <unk> the <unk> in raft 
an in . winter ice at gathered crowd the skating a park 
skating in outside . ice winter a crowd people of 
ice large people of skating crowd . a 
ice crowd of . skating large people outdoors a 
on lot a . cold <unk> of a day people 
performs girl flags a in red an two . asian square with <unk> a 
waving long person a flags red 
ribbons plays an . long square red in a empty with woman 
<unk> around waving long red two lady 
courtyard work with ribbons a people . long chinese two in 
him with . desert bushes dog a is across a running around 
sand running dog a the across 
a sandy running dog up hill a 
running on day little sand . during dog a fast dune is brown the a 
hairy running the in sand . dog small , 
. sled behind by the man a in snow a pulled dogs <unk> being numerous 
man sleds warm the a clothing . dressed in four in behind dogs snow 
is dogs four pulled man by running <unk> a a . behind being 
man by team a a sled pulled a rides . of dogs 
race snow number . pulling wearing four the <unk> husky in a are through sled dogs <unk> a by a man 
door a dog while dog tan . near the patio a black standing bites 
a dog in another dog <unk> room living playfully setting a black 
a brown neck black biting . labrador dogs 
. of ear the is the dog dog black the biting yellow 
. dog black dog the near yellow playfully bites furniture the the 
steps pool beside a . swimming power some man a <unk> 
man by . <unk> pool steps a a power swimming large 
person steps some a pool a . by cleaning 
<unk> to leading stairs down . a a person pool 
with <unk> man steps equipment . a holding in building near background white 
a red by is splashed . shirt wearing water a boy 
water with . on him splashing child a 
splashed by water boy being little head a his on 
shirt pooh wet little red kid getting in 
with getting is in water boy little drenched red the . 
jogging . on sidewalk a person a 
setting a a rural jogs person a surface in . down paved 
down running person a the road 
wearing jogs a person and a on . a jeans sidewalk coat 
a jeans sweater running down , away , in path long . a woman is a and 
musicians of group instruments a . with 
on <unk> young . a corner people of a group street 
the performing . street on four musicians 
outdoors . musicians perform 
concrete a musicians wall . play near 
and suits <unk> men in walking ties 
in men tuxedos stairs a set dressed on five of standing 
five men in suits . 
. tuxedos steps men are in five down walking 
tuxedos a steps five men down set walk in of 
that . asian an baby an woman asian camera reaching the toward holding is 
in arms oriental girl baby holding her an . is a 
her holding smiling baby a woman asian 
smiling reaching white who is . in hand holding out a baby dressed woman his a 
holding woman and picture is child . a for a posing the 
, , and 3 guys . groom bride , a 3 a women 
are , left and a and the right red this groom with picture bridesmaids groomsmen to . center of in dresses bride the to the three 
photo party with their taking a wedding couple wedding a . 
wedding poses party for wedding church in a a a smiling . formal photo 
wedding party of posing the in the is church for . a picture front <unk> 
a guy skateboarding . 
the into . air skateboarder jumps a 
. a a performs skateboarder stunt 
man a air skateboard young . with the his in is jumping 
the in jumping on skateboard air skateboard high rider . 
is shirt . red right with skiing a a in main black to flags white and the 
a skier . flag to in a the is snow red next 
skier a flag . red a by <unk> 
black past flag pants . slalom skiing red a skier wearing and shirt a red is 
flag near white red skiing on snow a . person 
a on man a jacket . in with skiing helmet a blue 
skiing . person hill a down a 
hill coming down skier a a . is 
blue hill a jacket . wearing a down and skier helmet skiing a is 
goes down . a going the skier mountain 
ends with fire beach at <unk> sticks . the men at two the 
men long objects sand carry two on the . 
. are standing the whilst fire sand on sticks two people twirling 
mud in fire sticks the . two people <unk> 
long out sticks hold and on . on end have stand flames two that people beach each the 
on . characters the <unk> with his man a <unk> street 
chinese characters . paints man a 
a feet with drawing characters . person chinese his 
a asian paints person banner characters . a on 
a person using . chinese a on vertical a banner paint characters brush to 
in a . child snow playing 
girl a the sitting little in snow 
nose . a in with girl small sits pink the a snow 
clothing . in in heavy snow toddler a the sitting 
a is the head girl fur young . in sitting hood snow on a with pink her 
young of . group camera the for a people smile 
bar people are . other hugging inside several a each 
picture part a a at gather take some people to 
women guys two <unk> two and is with wearing white black , pose . 
man two man a posing , women dark photograph . and shirt skinned african for in <unk> a white a of <unk> 
crane into . the above lifts air water a the 
a white long above <unk> is bird . the water floating 
the the of a is bird water flying surface . white over 
. in white the water landing a crane 
white , bird legs water flies with <unk> . over yellow 
jumping . boy a girl the turning rope girl rope and another while are together holding is and 
the among three jump . children playing trees in grass rope the 
in people a three . jump rope field playing 
uniforms in rope children jumping three <unk> 
are two outside . jumping people rope 
stand people shooting side off candles by side <unk> 
candles a holding <unk> lit line . people in 
<unk> with play . people 
men holding several . <unk> 
. women some hands shoot fireworks men of and out their young 
brown shirt , on a street wearing dog a standing . jeans the and white hat and 
the pants dog of and on a dressed is . road side shirt in the a 
a blue and shirt a . dog with wearing the vehicle black and is jeans background yellow in a 
dog sidewalk on . shirt wearing the jeans a stands a and 
jeans a . wears dog 
a gymnastic jumps a boy in competition . 
a upside in down gymnast . midair male 
a athlete does vault . a track pole 
a trick . over is man balance a young a and running beam performing 
a does the . flip over bar the gymnast 
ready bride her wearing with red getting bridesmaids a . 
help bridesmaids . bride wedding by <unk> dresses wearing red dress her wearing her 
for . family preparing the wedding 
while red beautiful the getting has <unk> <unk> on . her wearing woman a 's bride are gown dresses 
are beige in older the three in bridesmaids bride dress red . woman and adjusting white 's an 
yellow in shirt a surfing . a man 
is a yellow riding surfer wave a a sunlight . that in is reflecting shirt 
breaking on wave a . is riding surfer a 
crashing of ahead surfs wave surfer a 
. man a surfboard is riding large a wave the on 
a couch bride a surrounding . bridal on party sitting a 
is tan sitting . a a couch bride on 
family and . , bridal on her a her surrounding bride with a party sofa seated 
picture old . wedding of 
the <unk> . a wedding of party side 
a lift a and ski woman . on man a 
lift riding people on ski are two a 
ready skiers getting ski . a jump off to two lift of 
lift look down the from ski skiers . two 
one . lift in pink on one in ski ride a , black skiers and , two 
a arms mountain extended atop a . man stands with 
. a over of head person top arms mountain with a on 
of raises and his top arms a stands . person mountain the a at 
with in man on the arms his a . air mountain of top 
. his is arms with above on rocks river air the the in man the the standing 
white man is a surfing a surfboard . a on wave big 
surfing a wave . a crashing man 
over surfs a a in wave man huge ocean . the 
in off jumping is ocean . wave in an surfboard man african a american crashing a the 
falling surfer in surfboard of . his middle of a wave the is a crashing 
back rider horse brown a barrier a its with a on . jumps 
a show jumping a horse fence . in <unk> jumps a 
on a with . leaps a hurdle back rider a its horse 
an equestrian horse on a a jump . makes 
a leap and barrier over rider horse 
to bride her put shoes <unk> a on being is 
wearing on shoe is bride a . a dress red the foot putting her 's <unk> 
a a shoe lady 's . bride holds her in hand 
on about is woman . to shoe the a put bride a 
bride on her help to kneels . woman red shoe in put sitting 
<unk> in a near of snowy a person middle . bunch the of standing a rocks 
in . ice a person field <unk> <unk> stands a of 
<unk> snow a stands a in . person of field melting 
stands . peaks on person a snow ice and of the 
the standing white ice is person on . 
over dead snowy dog plants . the jumps a field a brown in 
brown dog field through a snow the . a in leaps 
the a some snow is jumping over through dog . weeds 
a through the dog . snow running 
running snow the . german a is through shepherd 
yellow concrete tile his skateboard high the over jumps man on . a 
gets skateboarder a . <unk> 
jumping his with skateboard skateboarder a 
air the skateboard a jumping with in boy . 
in with skateboard . yellow midair skateboarder in black 
a man a kissing <unk> a path along woman 
and a stand gravel man woman kiss as . a path along they 
woman a kissing a . on man <unk> a path 
<unk> park a kissing woman . a path on a man 
. have <unk> on a couple their the moment walk 
city outside . smokes cigarette a in the girl a 
jacket . blue getting in cigarette a is outside a woman a 
in coat woman cigarette , a . a dark hand blue in 
cigarette a woman . outside the smoking in a snow 
and woman light the is . to cigarette trying the snow through a walking 
waving flags . outside building american a a crowd <unk> 
the in flags american with cold a of cheer . ladies group 
are gathered building outside people yelling a and 
a people <unk> building . outside standing 
gathered flags the on street . people with american 
red jacket in by , girl surrounded . people a a 
ice jacket a at for picture a red . rink puffy in a skating woman an poses 
red . background winter is , clothing smiling a woman while a in people coat in in around the walking are 
woman the camera smiles at . wearing down a red a coat 
. the smiling the in is jacket woman red camera a at 
a , women and of men group children . 
for picture a pose . people a group of 
of front in some the group . a pose camera greenery of for <unk> and people 
a together . photograph several for lean people 
outside in a there shade is . the family sitting 
wetsuit man a is surfing in a 
a man wave surfing a in 
green is a . water a ocean colored wave through surfer riding 
green . wave water across surfer dark a big a rides 
wave a in is . surfer riding the big coming from 
doing a snowboarder the in air lone . a trick jumping 
on man a taking black is a in a snowboard . jump 
a hill high over a snowy the person . jumps snowboard riding 
black snowy striped the on person jumps and a snowboard yellow with a . hill 
off jumps the snow a . snowboarder jump 
they man as a a a hands to man another <unk> child boat 
crowded people a a blue in dressed child lifts with man a in boat jacket red out 
hands a that not a child standing of full the man a people is boat to boat on on . over a man 
a man passes child to man . shore from another the boat to one 
the each other the side to are a the . men passing of child over boat 
pillow brown . dog small leaps across a a 
a dog and a jumping couch big white over . brown small black 
over and dog small is face on . a white jumping cushion his a back brown with 
midair spots black with a . jumps in dog white 
some <unk> . dog white jumping high over 
. in dog a the snow black jumps 
jumps to the frisbee a snow dog black . in a catch 
snow upper for at object edge . in leaps red frame black of dog 
filled black jumping . one the off snow ground dog is 
black object dog to snow jumps . the the an catch of out 
a near river . the man along shore <unk> a 
man along a of a paddling . the a kayak shore river 
a lake a to in canoe riding green a next is on . person trees 
river person an through a is wading <unk> a <unk> near . 
person rowing . small a lake boat a single on a 
lights another of a people shows dining neon group dark a scene . walks a and while group street 
night outside shop people . inside while a around other walk at people 
a in sit . street dark people lit off a <unk> 
some at the as people street night in from . seen building 
by two men walking a restaurant there and in some people are them 
a the of railroad on . side of people group a walking track 
distance . railroad with <unk> a a in of the off long people track a of group view 
in people at railroad along a track distance looking . the 
away walking along the are tracks , camera from railroad . people 
near people . woods the tracks railroad in 
. car in <unk> people a floor 
mini watch . screen a near some some teenagers <unk> 
at around . the standing are the show <unk> people 
display boys looking at . two 
ledge white . tv two a watch over from people 
a boy his bike . rides a skateboard a with right to 
guy grinds <unk> a old <unk> near an a 
a on ledge is city grinding in window a guy . a 
red black and tan of building a a a person . of coming is window out in 
<unk> near . skateboarding a a person 
hills night airborne becomes dirt . bicyclist a among at 
a his man night at . dirt jumps bike 
in the motocross night air a rider . at above dirt the high 
skateboard aerial someone trick is performing . night at an 
. is bmx his the bike jumping rider 
. a inside a cart shopping boy 
. shopping sits inside a cart a boy 
that others shopping <unk> been <unk> has a a . cage inside to a with cart plays child 
<unk> in cart shopping a young . boy a 
a boy . cart a young <unk> shopping in 
stare silhouette over of the towards sun group in a climbers <unk> the . 
group a hikers the at . of mountains of looks tops 
a the standing the with . on hill a of group in distance people sun 
hill eight a are people standing clouds above on the . 
standing on ledge people overlooking several . snowy a mountains are 
. of crowd in a a people front in <unk> <unk> of washington 
washington a covers of people in crowd <unk> newspaper <unk> 
in people attire a on dressed washington sidewalk a <unk> in group of <unk> 
group building large of of . people outside standing a 
gathering . in people a of line lots 
wearing green sweater on . a backpack walking a snow dog and a 
backpack in sweater snow and dog wearing running a the a green 
green sweater <unk> wearing snow-covered and . a a pack field walks a dog on 
and snow . green backpack dog small a through walks sweater a wearing a 
a small dog sweater walking . the snow in a wearing 
flags . american holds crowd a 
crowd with is a large . many standing flags american 
flags lots american . people of hold 
waving while american winter flags clothes people in . 
many . flags waving is american crowd the <unk> 
a a in field boy 
road brown boy . is on running a dirt in a 
. a down path a walking gravel child 
. a running a along sweater a grass is the toddler path brown to in next 
along a walks . dirt a road toddler 
a . on wave huge over surfboard man a a crashes 
crouched in a person ocean wave large the of . middle the a in 
person wave as a surfs <unk> water on a above him . 
a catching surfer wave . a 
. middle surfer of wave is the a huge in 
child in . hat scarf and street down snow covered a a red walking a 
street winter walking a in clothes child the along is . 
. in a child on a snow running street 
plays red in the jacket in kid snow and a a . little beanie brown 
a hat in scarf in and the street snow . red playing little wearing young a child a 
fetching black and blue toy a . a dog brown 
a running and carrying blue . dog something 
toy a a mouth running dog with its in blue . 
runs in . a towards dog a camera mouth the with blue his ball 
a with . toy mouth young his german shepherd a in runs 
of children benches audience sitting on are group of part blue an asian . a 
be . turn photographed four kids around to 
on the adult going girls <unk> <unk> current little 
some backwards the turned . audience while in children 
picture surrounded young <unk> a adults , three for by watching in outdoor <unk> an . girls a posing 
racing . a of group dogs 
in is dog number eight racing a <unk> four race a number slightly a dog . racing 
a wearing muzzles track dogs . on several racing are 
three . there a dogs running numbered jerseys race wearing are 
finish to race . a dogs three race run 
people down in a tractor of group large ride a road the . 
as a tractor decorated parade a float a for 
down a wagon in with a a two wicker pumpkin road a <unk> and nearby giant on people it drives tractor covered pulling with cloth . 
a very people looking truck several . <unk> in ride 
are brown . three tractor carrying men a is driving a that object huge 
children play with large hoops . 
sparklers at . with night kids playing little 
<unk> twirling children rope . two are small 
young sparklers two . playing with boys 
and two . play with man an sparklers children young older 
building <unk> two stand the . front of in 
are males posing a on . with winter two clothes picture black for 
for a men two are picture posing . 
men standing white building two front . together a brick are of in 
in building cold with outside two glasses men the stand stone . a 
uniform a while is a uniform a block holding to player a basketball is in red . him player the trying white ball in 
and a basketball ball a player . with defenders 
his is . uniform white a ball <unk> a man a shot in blocking with uniform playing man a red in 
are teams basketball playing the . rival 
teams two basketball . game playing court a the on 
<unk> and pretending of man . be a are woman japanese <unk> in front to 
and country , a beautiful . scenic woman a relaxing man in 
in of a man front are and <unk> . beach a a woman on posing 
do a . couple in front of <unk> a <unk> young <unk> gate 
statue a the are on in behind them standing with two an people beach . water oriental 
baby an holding older dark-skinned . <unk> woman a 
baby an her <unk> . large from mittens a herself holding scratching woman to with is older 
picture a a and baby for the smiles holds . woman 
baby white clothing in a a up . woman holds <unk> in print 
a a arms . by baby in fence sitting a her is woman holding 
boys in a the a teacher class <unk> how to two use computer is . 
computer helps woman . a boys a on 
computer front of children their in teacher a . sit while <unk> them 
help at a work with teacher . kids computers 's 
two a help teacher boys . computer are getting on from a 
looks ball while him an the official basketball and a blocks player on . dribbles another 
<unk> referee as dribbling red a around the outfit is basketball outfit . in player in player ball the a a on looks a 
by dribbles player player <unk> an . basketball <unk> a miami 
two watches basketball playing basketball a players referee . 
a college basketball . drives towards basket guard the game during the 
net white leaps the in basketball at . player up a 
a net a . and jumping basketball is over player holding the basketball 
dunks a the <unk> player basketball ball . 
with . hoop basketball to a a make jumps a man 
player the the net basketball . is into the dropping basketball 
is skateboard green a a jumping . shirt his on ramp man in a 
skating on man <unk> a a ramp is 
man trick skateboard pipe on half a a a doing . 
trick in skateboarder a the ramp with a skateboard looking while red stand a is people air his . around doing on 
skateboarder riding a is a by on ocean red . the ramp 
skateboard a . wooden on child a performs tricks platform 
tricks darkened a . skateboard room man a in performing 
dark is a . skateboarder a on box in a room balancing wooden 
the skateboarder . a wearing helmet is 
trick skateboarder jeans shirt the performs and . a white wearing a 
off-camera a a a . card and boy person game playing 
holding cards the a cards <unk> hand boy in foreground of . a with small 
the sitting couch boy game on of . a playing <unk> 
playing <unk> is . the boy 
in <unk> cards cards the young in foreground three <unk> with a <unk> boy the background and in . , <unk> holding 
open air a surface dog . on with the a its mouth and running ears grassy brown in 
in ears with a a field through his runs tan the flying dog air 
with yellow running <unk> a labrador ears . its 
is dog the brown . running 
is path running this . the dog along 
air the rider a above in a . bike ramp 
a jumps . bmx ramp off a rider 
off is cyclist <unk> an wooden window beside jumping ramp a a . 
in a bike a wooden a man ramp rides black . on 
wooden in jump off bike young man a a takes . black a ramp 
. baby that woman holding a a on branch a small hanging branch a hanging and same from child 
a branch . very playing are asian large with two tree kids 
limb . two and adult standing next to children a an tree 
children two a hang from tree branch low 
branch children a two hanging on large . 
people posing a . for three stand photograph a by doorway 
two a a . men pose picture and woman for 
a the smile . camera at men two and woman 
a woman . near and doorway a standing two men 
other around arms each . with woman two a men and their 
very <unk> dressed fat green sumo with wrestler a wrestler an wrestles one <unk> in while watches . 
two two a fighting are . in spectators referee sumo and wrestlers of front 
in a match fighting sumo wrestlers two 
wrestlers people fight in as ring the watch . sumo two 
match sumo wrestlers . in a competing two 
another in to begins in blue sumo out of push . ring wrestler black a the 
a sumo fighting . two in ring are wrestlers 
. two fight sumo wrestlers 
wrestlers two in ring the sumo . 
sand wrestling . a ring in two sumo wrestlers 
blond karate a doing a haired in belt red . and black outfit child 
practices with a a . red martial sash child arts 
one black on outfit with sash and out one headband extended a straight and has a hand in a . black waist her girl red a 
red . a boy taking a uniform black part with a arts martial in sash young wearing a <unk> 
a with a does belt <unk> . red young a child 
on woman a sleeping with . in a a backpack carrying boy a colourful her head black bandanna 
on takes boy as him a mother . his back a carries nap her 
son lady her with a to attached her back 
a baby carrying in her smiling sling . a woman 
. back baby her on a woman a carries sleeping 
street busy with city one is a crosswalk as people across walks . the person 
to man rail station crosses street light . the next a a 
others an a intersection walking are man and crossing 
the crossing and pedestrian coat crossing a road hat on a blue is . in woman a 
green street walking man in lights the under 
watching a . fireworks are of people outside group 
watch to of a group people gathered fireworks . 
field at fireworks jackets looking winter crowd , in stand . a small snow a in 
display stands . crowd small a fireworks a watching 
people watch something lights . sky the as up 
a dot dune . sand jumping girl polka in off bikini a is a red 
dunes girl . the a plays bikini in with a 
pink dune girl little at the jumps . a suit in up bathing a sand on a beach 
the on a in a young beach bikini . girl jumping 
the girl ocean a jumps pink as sandy young by into in in other on play beach children the a bikini a air , . sand two the 
top skateboard performing a ramp a off the of man . jump a 
airborne of top a becomes skateboarder a . yellow ramp and at black the 
and a black a on . trick does skateboarder yellow striped a ramp 
. flying over ramp outside skateboarder 
a stunt this skateboard is outdoors on doing man a . 
jersey green down is falling a purple playing a chasing in a man in soccer a player while jersey 
falling man man down soccer kick a . ball white is a while a green in in and purple 
for . <unk> the soccer players ball the 
ball kick a two soccer . at men 
different men uniforms wearing . colored soccer two playing 
in area is horse beautiful fenced a a . in running 
. black a is some a in around it sand running a horse with fence with white nose 
a forehead nose with his and black white running , . horse on a 
a <unk> midair . horse in is in a 
pen a running horse a . dirt through 
newspaper in blue a a man while is suit a <unk> a smoking <unk> reading 
reads a marble next building paper smoking the . to suit a a in blue while man 
up standing , , and . <unk> man reading smoking a newspaper is a a 
reading a city paper <unk> smoking a a a in man 
standing reading and . a by corner newspaper man a building a 
uniform black dribbles ball wearing white a a the player . and basketball 
a . <unk> woman against , a at white dribbles <unk> basketball the 's skinned women game 
. players basketball in action 
in . in the the player basketball towards the is player white black ball dribbling 
dribbling basketball . white in woman 
on while dive ball takes boy red in shorts with playing a the beach another a . boy 
man a . to kick about over a his ball head 
man a to . goes the hit beach a air volleyball sideways in 
the . headed into the is game volleyball water 
. on a beach young playing men are soccer 
a guy girl blonde of a . is her laughing in at front 
gestures at . lady a laughs 's man a 
man pretty on the sidewalk talking a woman <unk> blonde dressed haired is to a . 
pack with sidewalk a a on is man a with woman looking side street at a a . newspaper 
a white blonde woman man is smiling . the in the at the holding shirt newspaper 
soccer are players playing soccer a group of . 
and gold player after and . player going ball white in uniform uniform soccer blue and black in 
player the jersey gold . is team opposing the player soccer the from blocking the wearing ball 
stands while playing three in people many soccer men watching the professional 
soccer racing team to . the and blue ball yellow team 
people <unk> . the are three black wearing 
<unk> in ' blindfolded are people three wall front of <unk> white <unk> a ' . 
<unk> in a under three written stand <unk> in people . sign 
<unk> wearing <unk> people three <unk> black . sign " " near <unk> a 
<unk> with people in the hanging <unk> . background wearing three sign a 
runs spotted along black and white a seaweed and dog sand . the 
running the is . beach dalmation a along 
. dalmation a a beach runs along 
along dalmation runs . a the beach 
. the along dalmation running beach 
boy frisbee in two sweatshirt playing with black blue a dogs . a 
the toy dog and a holds stands it a jumps a man . while black up snow for in 
two playing black snow dogs the person . with young a in 
snow the with the playing in man . is two dogs 
the snow play in a and disc . a with two human dogs 
field a running furry . an grass dog on of open 
gray through running fuzzy . dog a snow 
a field in runs a . snow-covered gray terrier 
dog a shaggy running grey 
fluffy dog grey running field in a 
individual a an ski doing a suit in red jump . 
ski 's a . the slope a ski on in air person at 
catches . skier air a 
is high in the skier air . in red a 
ski air the a in jumper . is 
a brown three trick while skateboarder a other does off a people ramp . watch 
a . the skateboarder at the ramp in top air of 
in air skateboarder the land getting a ready to 
a doing skateboarder is . a stunt 
. while the in is his skateboarder holding board the air 
runs brown a with dog ear up one the grass . in 
a . in grass fluffy dog runs 
a area through grassy . running is a shaggy dog 
a puddle brown yard through grassy running a . small 
the small dog a . grass runs through 
<unk> skateboard <unk> his man air the . a into with an 
the watches , skateboarder and a does a in air a . trick crowd does another so 
skateboarder skateboarder another a watching . a stunt is perform jumping 
. boy skateboard does trick 
his is while skateboarder watches . air another the board the jumping in skateboarder 
. dog running a brown big 
grassy a a through runs brindle do yard 
dog runs brown a . outdoors 
<unk> a . dog is <unk> 
running . dog yard in 
. chases big smaller in grass dog brown the a around white dog a 
dog dog terrier <unk> and a . a playing breed 
dog dog . white brown fighting and a 
brown grass playing dead the in are white dog and the . 
other each attention . to dogs paying two 
male performs . a <unk> 
man <unk> . with dances fire at night a a 
the <unk> flaming man a juggles dark a in . 
a man <unk> twirling . flaming a 
african with man fire a at with burning a is is both . that trick stick an performing ends 
dog in of a ball . a with blue playing small a water pool 
playing with the pool dog a . wading his in ball 
blue dog . with a ball a 
with brown white dog ball and blue plays <unk> blue <unk> in . 
and in pool brown . splashing white a dog 
a a street a riding man bikes and are woman on . 
. bikes a in man their are riding an a and intersection woman 
riding bicycles city a a in . the and woman are <unk> man across 
across a their man ride a woman bikes and . street city 
city bikes . street and ride woman a a across man a 
wearing microphone a hat holds in man who a . is a front blue man of another 
held a a into speaks . man man another being by microphone 
into held old by old a man another <unk> . man talking a 
a . being man <unk> race <unk> after 
. interviews another one older a in man suit racing 
in a of . hats van crowd people a near knit standing 
together of . group people are gathered a 
a people gather . around of a truck group 
are a group of people . large gathered 
blue lot people . a sign around of crowded a there are 
a by their their bicyclist a bike holds over . head people of group 
<unk> a <unk> cold . 
crowd a is in . a up man orange near holding a bicycle 
of over a . a orange head lifts man in crowd bicycle front in his a 
crowd a his through walks a head tight . man over lifts and bike his 
collar is with dog brown field with a dog across grassy . behind a a following pink a black 
little brown a black a one . little chasing dog 
black a and . dog slightly white chasing dog brown a small grassy area a larger in 
in and dog grass one black . brown one 
, brown dogs grey two one running one and 
car race . an in two orange people 
sitting orange people in two . car an helmets in 
car . race ride in orange people a two 
two wearing a helmets people in . sitting car are race 
driving racers an two car orange 
cable a containing boat people is a . by suspended 
over . boat cable water a suspended a the by 
over . raft hanging from the a rope ocean a 
air the small is boat in people and red are . small a the in it over group a ocean of 
of cable out a with . lifted gets the boat by passengers the large water 
edge sun in setting the a is a the <unk> standing background the wave or of with boy at . 
sunset in surf . a the at boy plays 
standing child on come is waiting beach a . a for to wave a in 
in . wave stands an the child incoming sets of a as sun front 
. horizon in playing the sun child waves with on 
hat to talks and red another coat a man a in . red in man 
. another man a and man talks jacket a red in to hat 
in red . in another talks red to man winter clothes man a 
glass . another coat at a red man man looks a wearing with 
talk two . men outdoors 
skis the hill man mountains on a on snow-covered a with in background 
man is pants . downhill skiing with red a 
in mountain skis red a a down pants . person 
in a slope covered red on . pants skier snow a is 
is this person skiing . 
snowy area . dog in a a 
a snowy a a on catching . spotted field dog ball 
runs white spotted brown along a ball catch a dog . to snow the and 
a covered dog is a trail running . on fast white snow by 
the is dog white snow brown . playing in the and 
two costumes men performing <unk> in . 
in red fight . men two 
performing red arts in robes martial . two men 
. pink people in two dressed 
red in garb with traditional performing are sticks people chinese two 
practices a . small golf child 
golf with child small club a a toy 
young a wearing child coat playing gold 's a white . a children game 
with coat yellow a club golf plays . girl a a pink wearing toy young 
toys playing outdoors is up the . bundled child with 
on men three . standing a cliff 
large are in people rock three mountain a . front posing of 
on posing the mountain of three a side are people . 
the jackets formation standing of at bottom in three . a rock large people 
. standing <unk> people a three to on about the top mountain 
man a playing some air but thrown the cards and has in are man cards the 
man as cards the and throws sitting a playing cards he woman and . are 
a a man a as deck throws screams . of cards woman 
young cards at playing man woman a table a and flying sit small . amidst 
<unk> , glass man woman as man playing table at woman <unk> cards . and 
the bird water a above flies . 
the air through is <unk> a near foliage flying . 
flying water bird . white over a large 
water white large bird a . over <unk> 
water bird . with is feet white flying over yellow a 
. jump over is piece making stunt bicyclist <unk> a a high a 
a trick jump on does boy his a bicycle on a bike 
cyclist jump ramp whilst photographed doing . being is a a a off 
<unk> bike a man . a sign for jumping shirt in his <unk> red is over a drink 
high . air a in jump a bicycle on making person a the is 
bride a a of church . at one in and stand display groom while looking front another 
get <unk> and . man at they the <unk> as <unk> a stand 
flowers groom by . and church a standing bride in surrounded 
smile a their pose and ceremony picture after <unk> for . 
getting <unk> in are a people . church two 
a two wearing . ladies on <unk> with the sunglasses grass blonde lounge 
in two dog grass young blonde the with hang out . women a brown 
in sit dog . blond two with grass small women a 
. women laying with on a two grass dog 
looks looks . one , at other lit grassy by side to a sun women ; the the a the on dachshund hill two 
ball with mouth . happily in brown a a its yellow dog runs 
, a a ball the runs carrying . through dachshund grass 
ball multicolored with a a runs . dog 
ball dog in mouth . small a a with his brown running multicolored 
is wearing harness small , the dog ball a in a with running , mouth . its 
that stuck is a is into <unk> the brown a post puppy . ground in gnawing 
on metal is . pole a a dog chewing 
puppy <unk> ground pole . the a on a 
dog chewing brown a . on brown cane walking 
brown pole puppy biting 
a through bike riding boy mud the . is jacket motocross in green small a 
. in biker mud dirt a the 
mud through the . dirt young a bike a riding boy 
young on bike rough path a . a rides a child dirt 
. rides child mud the motorbike a through young a 
in brown a happily sand dog digs the . 
a dirt digs in . the dog 
in is . dog large the digging sand a brown 
sand in dog digs 
brown dirt the in the . is dog digging 
walking children on backpacks with yellow sidewalk a . 
wearing a street yellow are walking two . backpacks children along 
are sidewalk backpacks wearing red walking two . a on and children yellow 
sidewalk their walk with two the kids up . backpacks 
down two sidewalk with young yellow a walking backpacks children 
beach man toward running on the a girl a 
a girl down runs . a beach 
the beach little along who a toward runs sky a man <unk> . the girl 
. daughter and playing in together lake are a of father area a shallow 
man and playing on the . child beach 
a . sand bird flying over some 
. bird large towards <unk> a the down ground 
brown large a and . over bird land flying white 
an in on coming for the landing is a eagle . beach 
over a a sandy white flying and beige bird colored beach is . 
people . group special get of a order into 
outstretched with arms . eight in women men a and fashion posed step are 
like tree other to out are each standing look arms with a . people behind eight stretched 
pose people line in a eight . 
posed group one are , higher other the , <unk> . this behind people of 
. across boy metal rail skating a 
a on and . skateboarding boys boy watching rail one three 
skateboard grinding . railing down teenager while teenagers other a watch 
look men is the other three on young silver riding the . while skateboarder rail 
man three observing boys young grinding , other 
snow sun covered on of the go hill down people a watching are a crowd standing . 
clouds of a on are people low a ledge standing overlooking . group 
in just on with hillside group stands a a below . of sun the photographers horizon snow the the 
people ridge line is silhouette snowy the are on the low sun seen in of a . in sky a when 
standing are the of the line a overlooking people edge covered . snow on the clouds a mountains in of path 
carpet piece string a in the <unk> is standing on a interested . nearby wood air in cat of 
<unk> white and brown in <unk> him front cat at dangling a a string of 
a . playing with cat string dangling 
with . standing string to play cat 
fabric cat piece and the of black the at <unk> white . 
grass little <unk> his with stomach . a the on out boy his body 
a a boy lies . blue shirt young wearing the on grass 
in boy on . grass stomach lies 
boy grass his lying on stomach small the . on 
is boy in the . young grass the his belly laying on 
takes water hockey a uniform red a drink from in goalie a . bottle a 
a drink goalie of . a taking <unk> hockey 
taking sports out player hockey of a bottle jersey a a a in drink red 
. an takes green hockey ice a water player from bottle 
green player drinking from in hockey water a uniform . bottle red 
is . a with mask black a guitar suit a man ninja playing a is 
wearing is guitar . man mask ski a a playing black a 
the man suit ninja a a plays wearing guitar 
with mask . ski , dressed man all black in guitar , a a plays 
guitar playing ninja person a black . costume in a a 
by . a caught the is midair camera jumper in <unk> 
cricket action . in bowler a 
a plays he . body man baseball <unk> his as 
<unk> stretched out with in blue . legs midair uniform 
falling and man . running almost 
wearing " . cross-country skis " the <unk> a kid number 
in a is down . the crouched person snow sports playing 
is course going down a . a skier snow slalom 
a a <unk> racing skiing in . outfit position ski a while in and helmet is person 
is skier the on . the snow 
nap . takes a man bearded a 
. with a asleep his man has fallen mouth open 
a man <unk> 
chairs . with among a a sits orange beard man 
sleeps a in beard behind man . with a chair a <unk> him computer , 
goal front is position . crouching goalie <unk> the in a a in of 
blue goal the player hockey and . in guarding red a 
hockey blue <unk> red is knees of . the on a in in and an his front goal ice strip 
on bending an ice the . down is ice player hockey 
. the the ice hockey <unk> player on 
heads and girl for boy picture . the a their above pose with red flower large a 
under a are boy red . flower the smiling teenage and girl 
two a kids flower red underneath smiling . 
large of flower <unk> . two and front red a in wall people a underneath smile 
two covered front with red in vine overhead people wall of standing flower 
. restaurant a is in <unk> walking of front woman a 
<unk> the walking a . a down woman advertisement beside sidewalk 
woman walking food fast a . near a restaurant 
a hamburgers that . walks wearing a past billboard is jacket advertising a white woman 
is down advertising front in woman with black the hamburgers banner of a a and jacket sidewalk . pants white a walking 
. dogs in a with four man running nature 
on hill smiling woman four a dogs run as a . watches 
dogs is . a woman with the on grass four standing 
. four person dogs run to <unk> 
man dogs four in . is with running field who the the are 
a to goal a at soccer . match is ball about a enter 
kicked a soccer a goal in . player a white shirt 
goal soccer the to the tries ball in a player . kick 
<unk> a . soccer team goal a 
goal being attempt during . played game soccer a grass on green 
the blue . female the in challenging player is player ball for in white hockey a 
indoor hockey for the . field fighting ball in are girls two 
uniforms with floor playing women blue and hockey white two 
the ball two . players floor hockey female young over fight 
a , with to women game hockey playing . similar but ice no 
man over <unk> snow . wooden snowboards a 
. flies snowboarder through a air the 
over a snowboarder a jumps structure wooden 
in . jacket person snowboarding yellow 
. snowboarder a over fence going snow in 
shore two the on riders twilight in bicycle . 
bikes on two and a children <unk> riding a . near on water <unk> street 
ride . evening ocean their bikes by two kids , the in the 
on a bikes white to are . next people building two are 
on people are the near <unk> street a riding bikes two ocean . 
black and dress a white dress small in a in man haired a shirt dark . white a and bearded sweater in a woman black space and 
in both . a and are women and in an , white , elevator man black 
a woman a necklace with smile . large and man wearing a white a beard 
man . a <unk> and in bearded a room dressed small woman 
his to left a right to smiling man smiling her leaning . stands leaning woman behind a 
a park skate man in at a . is midair 
pulling . a in skate tricks park man on his a indoor rollerblades is 
at a park man rollerblading skate a . 
a rollerblader park does skate at a trick a 
. taking inline a jump skater 
a in surfing dark wetsuit person is . a 
large is wave surfing . a a person on 
a surfer of water a up . goes wave 
wave is surfing the surfer the . 
. blue a is surfboard on catching the the the colorful suit wave surfer wearing 
. is a snowboarding a in man suit <unk> 
<unk> in a a man snowboarding jacket . 
in stripes a . snowboarder 
camera trick for while a snowboarder the . doing a poses 
black up and snowboarder wearing striped jacket . snow some a is kicking a white 
a begins run beach to in dog brown background . wave with a the a along 
the brown on is running ocean a next . dog to sand 
the on galloping beach is a dog . 
in beach a is dog the front of ocean running . a along 
the a . by dog leaps ocean 
shows a with off swim in <unk> father of baby help his the his trunks balancing . 
a a at pool and son . themselves infant enjoying father 
a swimming a pool . man baby a over holding 
holds a over on pool a board . a toddler a man 
holds in . pool man up a baby swimming a a 
on dog stick grass green black white a the and a carries huge . 
is grass . in running a stick carring dog a big and white black 
through . a stick the dog large a carries field 
. with the runs a large a stick grass across dog 
branch a in white . is large running field a with black and dog the there 
brown frisbee high . air black and a after dog purple in jumps the a 
to a midair . frisbee a dog in jumps catch 
the frisbee disk watches air as a dog in for owner a jumps the 
jumps looking with a dog woman of frisbee . a on a 
a . pink jumps frisbee dog brown the for 
makes a person the skis wearing a . jump over snow 
a skier 
skier . the is air in a 
snow-covered skier great mountain a <unk> takes to slope a on . 
a . down hill skiing the is man snowy 
the a picks as flying person on wind . some air up the snowboard is through snow a 
a . through doing snowy a on trick snowboarder flying mountain a air the 
off mountain snowboarder . cliff a jumping a 
a snowboarder . snow jumps over in mountain area high 
in mountaintop stunt performing on midair . snowboarder a 
a trunks swimming in . man some against is rocks standing 
swimming near man standing rocks wearing large . is a trunks mossy flowered 
rocks onto water wearing the beside . a shorts holding man red the is 
shoes and and red man water in print white by in posing front red of . shorts rocks 
pool posing man . natural by a 
ramp a a snow off sled of a boy riding . 
riding a boy a <unk> snowy hill a down 
child a watch a him mound as sleds of . others over snow 
people . of hill a a covered down snow group sledding are 
young green is flying snowboard his air through man on the . the 
stick returns and the a dog black . in white snow a 
white . his a with mouth something dog black running in and 
dog photographer is the running . a towards 
with dog . mouth a snowy field running a in the playful across its stick 
a running the white with stick black snow and dog in . 
. a a at tree is person in night 
night taking flies skier bare jump past after a trees a . 
at . night snowboarder getting air a 
<unk> i ! no have 
tree . the in sitting someone the dark in 
cop bike on police his sitting a . 
in policeman motorcycle the middle city <unk> the a of a . observes 
a . on motorcycle a policeman sits 
police the watches . his against streets a leans and officer motorcycle 
<unk> near a is . a police motorcycle 
is water in couple lawn near the sitting chairs the . 
two twilight <unk> watching people . the water on at 
by water people relax two the . 
sit people , looking on two in the dark city the at shore . lights the , 
the people shadows in two near sitting water the . 
skateboard shirt a a on red a in person . 
a person riding skateboard a . 
grinds on his male a . skateboard teenage 
a trick the does . ramp on a skateboarder 
of skateboarder pipe the is doing the half tricks top . the while at , 
group of women together for standing asian photo . a 
a asian pose four for . picture women 
the windows four . black hair in a with people with background pose for picture 
. women two , with <unk> four <unk> 
asian in of four young window front are posing women a 
high an a . a dirt <unk> hill be jumping and to electric higher than rider over biker pole 
massive a off gets biker motor dirt a jump air 
a ramp a off . bicycle a person large dirt jumps 
's structure midair ski ramp brown . on with a in person 
makes <unk> of jump earth cyclist on the . bike airborne a two his is it as between 
group waiting ride boats . people of a to 
with <unk> are passengers 's a to boats board at . four waiting docked ferry center 
ceremony for gathered . people a are platform water in a on 
boats river a on people congregate decorated . a platform among in 
to board boats people . wait 
running around near a area <unk> wooded two 
the but . of the two in different dogs size woods breed tan same are light running 
running through some two white dogs . are woodland 
forest dogs two white a in playing . 
. fallen covered ground dogs running white two with on leaves colorful 
cigarette a talking lady smoking . sitting a is steps to a who man on 
the steps on and black standing lady smoking sitting another with girl in . 
the in person the steps brown black in sat the on woman . while <unk> 
on woman the coat is the smoking in coat black in and stone the the woman sits steps gray . 
of a white on steps building two women . smoking the 
with a a background in female jumping mountain green . in green field the a <unk> 
jumping . tall through grass a lion 
mountain leaping a lion of off rock a is . 
. jumps a rock a tiger off 
<unk> <unk> off . rock 
. light on shining it on a some with at a caught the tree ground people a parachute 
up as a cross the skis snow jumps . their person over 
in skier midair a 
night is skier trick air doing . at in a a the 
his jump a crossed with a skier makes skis . 
a red standing building girls brick outside are asian two 
picture a posing ladies asian two . for 
large . in two a brick of front building women standing 
chocolate two picture the their have to women . taken outside <unk> stop 
a young smile camera brick . the for two outside pose building ladies and of 
sitting man . a a man an with younger on bench red is older 
a black on 's with red behind man is a bookstore both . person to sitting children them a bench next an older 
red watches eat . on while bench a another to person a sits 
on two a . men bench sit 
people books in on . of two front a bench red sitting 
. a water eagle near a of pond bald 
on a bald . a creek bank of eagle sits the 
in shallow eagle water stands a bald . 
an . standing eagle in water 
rocks bird . walks in near the water the 
doing man a is rollerblades trick a . on 
a man half skateboard in a dark . on the pipe riding a 
on . pipe a a half <unk> tricks does 
skateboarder on a a trick a . ramp performs 
a striped on the shirt surface is white guy . and black pants there grey skateboarding black a wearing and 
in catching is a blonde its ball dog snow a mouth in the . 
snow dog . is a brown catching in covered field in ball mouth its playing a a whilst 
. snow orange , dog a in ball the catching an 
a in the ball tennis a catches golden snow retriever . 
tan . ball snowy a orange yard an the in catches dog 
of costume picture a for children . pose a in group dressed 
a . and building stand children a group of smile against 
stands of in . children smiling and front laughing group wall six a a of 
wall young a group a a row against . in leaning children standing of 
are six . children the laughing 
snowy the a in down red rides . hill rider trees bike a through 
person at in riding bike is a night . a wooded a area 
in . bike forest downhill rider riding 
night at in snowy cyclist forest 
. snow the rider red in the is and biking jacket a wearing 
a snow through running dog the . is 
. dog white thin is running through a snow 
black with runs a the . markings dog through snow white 
the . dog ears running a in red snow with white is 
tan dog white is snow a the ears through running with 
some from behind . are <unk> is watching people a boy him whilst stick white long a 
a big a stick child swings white . while on look others 
hit a swinging about . young a <unk> boy stick something 
a watches as large swings young boy crowd stick a . a 
large the . little white stick swings boy a 
riding a girl bike her . is at night 
. city sidewalk the at night rides a a down bicycle person on 
<unk> . in the dark a walks person near 
lit with light and cars . some cyclist street a bridge a 
street . the on <unk> the person is nighttime at 
in a . a plays equipment on child playground red child 
plays park on a little the at the . equipment kid 
a blond a climbs red a playground child wearing jacket small on . 
red child jacket wearing on playground a . and crawling blond equipment 
on red has playground . the kid a at sweater the 
woods terriers in the race two through a field <unk> 
in two running dogs brown a grassy field . 
the two running woods in dogs . 
. run through dogs that a is two trees surrounded grassy by patch 
run a woods a field two of dogs at . the edge along tan 
a girl her on . getting is tattoo hand a 
another a . <unk> one <unk> sits as on <unk> girl her 
the as . girl hand glasses on standing girl works painting other is her with the 
hand on painting . tattoo sweater the teenager the is in the woman a white 's 
table a them between girls papers . two at with 
children two a <unk> with watches wrestling a practicing man . microphone 
up wrestling look people pants two while on dressed sumo with . girls 
other each <unk> with people have on look two while . arm people their 
in a <unk> wrestler woman <unk> two . sumo <unk> 
two wrestle sumo girls others while . young watch 
restaurant a family to <unk> other at what a 
a man to another points while <unk> and . look the on woman woman 
people . eat <unk> three chinese 
<unk> the three a and sit about restaurant talk chinese people at . 
two sitting are man women . round at a and table a 
a a over snowboarder cliff . going 
stone snowboarder wall a jumping off . a high is 
. a a ridge snowboarder <unk> rock over 
in over high the a performing snowboarder . snow trick air 
doing a is . the jump snowboarder 
runs a a in race . dog 
" a track wearing a on number 8 races dog a " . 
a yellow . black racing and in is greyhound a shirt 
a wearing is eight white number on a . running the dog track greyhound 
number the dirt with the . the races eight track muzzled on dog 
, white in pants and is shoes , a boy a blue green ramp leaping wearing . a parka 
a . performs large a jump man 
other a wearing a . concrete jacket to wall jumping one man the blue from 
tan wall a . cement off person jumps a of jacket blue a in 
sneakers a and coat white . in airborne blue is someone 
together group smiling . posing a 
pose people . for camera <unk> four the 
themselves shot take young a the of adults group . 
a women and <unk> taking two two men 
posing a two . men photograph two self camera and for are women held 
. on his the air flies biker motocross in a bike 
white in <unk> a an . individual rides motorcycle 
person their white the . in air motorbike on in a 
white being a and . a jumped outfit by helmet in crash white a person is the motorcycle air in 
rider jump high motorcycle on . making 
shirt boy in runs smiling a blue a while . 
black . a shirt , child a in running 
boy a . very fast running blue navy in little is 
background grassy <unk> a runs boy as . shirt dark the a young in blue 
a boy clothing a . smile dark young sprints with in 
to player attempts a jumps while another him shot for a . block basketball 
by white white and uniform in shooting in and . blue basketball red man man blocked being 
net players <unk> basketball other the two . at each 
. are other is one to and trying basketball men block two playing the 
a basketball two one , . men in playing white a uniform , and blue are ball other uniform the with and a 
in another with by toys green surrounded a <unk> shirt boy blue shirt his boy left a , to , and a wearing 
. the a boys in smile for two tent camera 
within their <unk> makeshift and smile two <unk> tent from boys of . 
<unk> are a playing children . homemade in two 
playing two dog underneath . sheet white kids a a with 
hit to racket with a a boy ball jumping his tennis 
below leaps in his . air the shows boy shadow and wearing jeans a 
a child on court a . tennis jumping 
the jumping air . boy is the in 
racket is his ? rest where of the 
young woman blonde girl a a helping . 
of a . striped a girl young a painting woman is sweater in in shirt the face a 
paints on a a picture a . face girl woman 's 
a painting blond . girl with woman a glasses face is 
the the is the girl painting glasses blonde . of woman wearing face 
<unk> structure <unk> is front in . in crowd a large people of of a standing 
a a of group people gather in of building front <unk> 
people square are standing a . up public many in bundled 
in in winter a are people gather building a . of of is coats large group front there 
<unk> . are in gathering of winter a front tourists building in 
have a man woman tattoos . and matching 
woman the a show tattoo her holds . to of man hair matching a 
a pair tattoos off showing musical matching <unk> 
. the tattoos show matching off their man woman and skull 
people on two their other look matching while . off tattoos people two show skull 
dog the in leaps water a black . 
dog into fast runs shallow water . a black 
a bounds into water . the dog 
water black the . into dog running 
next running black dog to beach water through . 
a a in other performing girls is dance a in . costume girl costumes watch as 
an irish performs a <unk> dancer . 
a in tights . dances woman 
an same in foot pointed and and other with the orange one leg outstreached background pants dressed top jumping . black in girl 
, background in dancing girl orange dress other huddle in dancers . as outdoors 
lawn of a group . a in pugs 
pugs of pack . a 
of pale brown grass playing black and . group on pugs 
dogs shown grass . in are many the 
playing and pugs grassy <unk> harnesses black lawn . brown on in a 
pink girl a on dress <unk> a bubbles . in blows a 
dock wearing is girl a dress at blowing bubbles . a a 
little courtyard in ship a blows bubbles in the girl . a a with background 
small blowing outside girl . bubbles 
dress in walkway girl bubbles a a of is front . the in ship black on pink the blowing 
a man behind a line atv a with dirt him . drives power road an down 
a is driving atv <unk> hill . a up man a red 
a red on wearing a atv is white dirt a driving man hat on the . 
rural . vehicle <unk> riding man , area off-road in 
man rural his his by area through rides followed dog the a quad . 
a is leaning . man a a from wearing and hat of colored limousine girl a window the 
a two white with the people <unk> hanging window out long 
a a . the and out yelling window hair , of rainbow with <unk> woman , are a man 
people , out with a rainbow <unk> wig one the wave , window a . of two 
, a wig car one long women . in , of a wave two out rainbow 
a hang ropes group of and walk onto . men 
are that over group crossing people . of ropes a water suspended 
. many on people outside ropes climb course a 
ropes a course men . on 
crossing stream on rope a a . are that bridge climbing people is 
black man a a grey white . shirt six and balls juggles in 
juggling sacks man a <unk> 
balls . up looking juggling person a is and seven 
balls juggles white six young man . a and black 
balls six . <unk> the juggles man 
the microphone trumpet a playing into man a . 
a onstage the man plays trumpet 
sweater plays young man . a black a a a in into trumpet microphone 
the a man trumpet . plays young 
the sitting <unk> playing a the . is on man stool 
, . grassy white a dog play and a in black brown , field 
, black and . white a in a a brown grassy dog , a <unk> dog dog field 
a . running on dogs field three grassy 
, run outdoor dogs . on wide three grassy area , 
a dogs . lawn , across brown white and running black , grassy 
carrier snow pulling a behind it harness on a . dog in a pink 
across is red the sled dog a a snow . pulling 
holding a with dog wrapped from red a . a away bag walking tray straps is 
red the a is a sled pulling dog tan . in snow 
a dog tan the wearing on beach color running a multicolored 
a . down falling a hill skier 
the face is . falling snow a into first skier 
into a snow is falling . skier the 
skier hill a down a falls . 
skier snow forward in . the leaning the is 
person with a a bottom a pink snowboard riding 
is snowy hill a a jumping snowboarder over 
hill . a snowboarder snowy across a jumps 
a . hill jumping a snow pink down board with trees near a covered snowboarder 
through the flying a . air snowboarder board on pink 
. a of fence a and white and white dog front in brown brown to standing smaller next a dog 
to and look dog the dog at stands white a . sand another brown on 
small the plays dog a with a . large in sand dog 
collie sand dog . digs in 
fence to a next sand playing . two in the dogs 
dog red a in sled pulls the snow a black . 
dog a pulls red <unk> a black 
pulling black . dog harness sled a a a wearing is 
that red attached is a . black a to dog sled harness wearing a 
a dog large sled on black things around is . pulling red 
ice a a with man an block chainsaw <unk> . 
of and a ice carving man chainsaw is . a has a block 
man ice a <unk> sculpture a black . in 
block ice . man with of <unk> a <unk> 
an man ice sculpture with 
, a one an three a elderly child asian street adult crossing one women and , . one 
in a down three women sidewalk walk hats . 
women white in line in three a hats . 
, young three one street women a down . and , old one , child a walk one 
sidewalk women in . three walk the on line a 
in the in blue in race is a and bike a lead . orange man 
a on compete in mountain that dirt them takes road race cyclists a . 
are . bicyclists in a race the 
their forest people race in three the in competition . bicycles 
a wearing <unk> pants race while the pack cyclists two in . lead 
complete . dog team in sled motion a 
through dog passengers snow with the . <unk> sled a two 
. dogs of people across a snow team two holding pulls the a <unk> 
by dogs sled people on a . are two pulled many 
people on pulled . a dogs of sled two team a by 
brown a is . a <unk> over squirrel jumping snow 
. brown a squirrel air the jumps in into a snowy area 
melting bounds a squirrel the . snow over grey 
a of leap snow over mound . huge squirrel a takes a 
a in squirrel the snow . jumps 
cheers a racer sled . crowd on a dog 
<unk> race in a passes a onlookers dog sled . 
snow . sled the a dogs in pull 
watches the sled dog <unk> the crowd 's . 
a three race in dogs snow during the a . pull sled 
a <unk> train a people few at around stop 
. sidewalk five a people on 
sidewalk on five people standing a 
a wait rail guy girls and . a train three for 
sidewalk stand people the three . on 
group girls walking teenage a chinese . of 
walking a dark-haired are group of girls together . 
ladies in . dark of a bank shorts of walks young group a lockers past haired 
through a four room girls walking <unk> . are asian 
of bank four girls hall a . dark-haired walk toward lockers the 
. shorts girls are in walking <unk> four 
in four the . street girls shorts walk down 
. walking little four together girls 
shorts there walking are . on with girls four together 
three . wearing shorts girls walking , 
and american of are people crowd some in bleachers are a holding flags , sitting . 
crowd flags a an event at , , people . of some with 
a of group people at are american <unk> . waving a flags 
bleachers on . people american flags sitting waving are 
waving people . flags a game watch 
playing dirt are three the together . dogs in 
of and <unk> . stand colors dirt dogs on three <unk> 
running three dirt . in dogs the 
. run together three dogs 
brown a one black dirt , play are with who and in another ( dogs . white <unk> ) three field , 
basket is into a . the of basketball are brown a boys group playing throwing and a boy basketball in shirt a 
jumps a watch up . as others the hoop man towards basketball 
. man into wearing the shirt basketball brown a the basket throwing a 
people play . several basketball outside 
are the shooting . guys hoops 
dress black in striped a a woman a dress a in child . and 
has dress little scarf girl . in a a striped a pink 
. child small a a woman holding 
in a striped a dress toddler with a woman 
striped . baby a girl the wearing holding woman is dress a 
group people and a look the of stand . at camera together 
<unk> , , younger . man girl girl a a woman a concerned and look and a , 
girl camera face a . one the woman faces one away while , and , girl man 
oriental young . and facing back to two child with man women and , camera camera 
three facing a looking people facing away a <unk> concerned , . in <unk> girl 
very alone . table lady in a is sitting a place a colorful at 
a sits tank . woman a skirt older in and top an table at 
a at an <unk> . a glass older sitting in a table , holding woman 
yellow drinking room old a an woman water in 
of sitting . in woman old glass water a cafe with a is an 
kneels a a woman black in . crowd onlookers a warmly small with near of tan dog dressed 
in white small dog a snow and a to the in clothing woman winter brown kneels . next 
woman kneeling dog snow <unk> in harness on a tan a small . the a 
a the harness on a puts while brown . in her woman dog snow small 
holding white that dog is and the the is the brown wearing . harness woman 
and . a black dog the tan snow through walking 
runs . a deep through snow grass that dog <unk> covered has 
snow . shephard the in a runs german 
. shepherd a german in snow dog is running the 
through dog is snow running . large the 
tunnel spinning playground running in a in metal a is boy the . 
the . at boy plays a playground 
. run wheel big through boy a a 
a park to round . a about is structure at large and a enter man 
a on . hoops children on barrel playground two large play 
in running a barrel metal boys are . two 
running boys spinning two are a . in tube 
inside are two walking boys a <unk> <unk> . 
boys . giant metal a in running wheel two 
boys roll small two make carnival a a to <unk> walking at . 
dogs with tug-of-war a dark object snow in play the . two 
poodles playing <unk> two 
two fighting in the their snow white something poodles over mouths in 
. of white poodles playing in war two the snow tug <unk> 
white snow <unk> the two toy a poodles in with play 
the holding a snow a its huge mouth . running in in brown stick dog 
holding a brown big stick really dog . a 
a limb mouth a carrying . in dog snow in its tree the 
in brown mouth . runs through with its snow a branch snow covered dog 
carrying running the also large , dog with a brown snow . is in the snow covered stick 
dogs the running two grass are and . brown muzzles fast very wearing through 
race . a two field wearing through brown muzzles grassy dogs 
track racing . on dogs grass two 
mouth field race a dogs . harnesses wearing two through 
dogs muzzles . wearing running are two 
front of . water smiling with birds stands a of woman body water a in 
and . shirt a in white woman a dark in stands jacket marsh a 
a laughing lake woman . by a 
woman of . dry front a and smiles standing grass water in 
. near in the grass creek stands a smiling woman 
on a shirts . run crowd paper numbers men race wearing in their of a 
of . a group a running are people race 
jog of in a men a . large pack race 
are a people on numbers with running their in <unk> pack . 
is crowd large there of . runners a 
a outside . people building with 
group stand people large apartment of front a building . a in of 
<unk> . with streets walking city people an the 
a five of front in . beige people building <unk> 
a from building , corner . the the of street 
an climber climbing wall a is on climbing artificial 
a rock a <unk> to fake . wall man climb 
wall . rock climbs a a man 
up a climbs an wall artificial . man climbing 
rock wall a rock a climber . climbs 
in . <unk> snowboarding midair two 
over air in snow the two . snowboarders the are 
after two from in suspended slope a a are snowboarders . snow jump midair 
air the two . snowboarders in snow above 
yellow jumping in . air green are two snowboarders and the in 
with window in of long standing hair . guys a two front 
long . by boys two window are white haired a 
. boys walking two street on the teenage 
. men young together walking two 
hair . wearing warm are and , clothes men two young shaggy waiting with outside backpacks 
family picture a 
of their a hands group . and adults sweaters <unk> have in wear their 
stand group a of posing five front of in . adults buildings 
house stand of and pose people in a group together a front of . 
in group building one . brick shot front girl and guys four of of a a 
the marble at a american . building entrance flag a white holds a in man of <unk> shorts 
man . a of in the stairs the stands top shorts flag at american 
and the . man on a book standing black flag steps shoes on in with a underwear 
wearing man shorts on flag . boxer is stairway a a <unk> standing 
holding box standing shorts . step flag wearing and on american person a 
is . a mountain a down man skiing 
is a red slope down snowy grey and dressed in skiing a person . 
off up throwing he snow skis a skier . as <unk> is 
skier cloud a . a skiing snow downhill in of 
. skiing very fast mountain white a snowy wearing down is skier sunglasses a 
. a ski <unk> a jumps person frame off an 
snow shed covered a over with almost snowboarder jumps is a which 
in midair and a pants orange structure covered . top with white and area snow in person a wooded 
the hut covered a . over the skier forest jumps in snow 
orange . is roof pants wearing jumping wooden the skier over the 
a in blue at pink throwing in snowball . child a a child 
a girl a pink tosses girl blue a snowball wearing . in 
two . girls in are snow and throwing <unk> the playing 
knit girls outside , , hats . jackets in winter are snow in and two the <unk> 
coats winter snow wearing young kids play in the . two 
cobblestone in boy hugging girl . the street a and 
road kisses of . the boy girl a little on side little a the 
a a to little little boy a girl <unk> <unk> 
stand a street . children play two cobblestone and on the 
street . young on children two playing the 
his bench face . sitting is a blue blue a on blanket with man a covering 
with on city over blanket a man blue a bench . blue a head sits his 
a . a a under person bench blanket blue on blue 
metal a his . in with bench a on head a urban neighborhood on person blanket sits an blue 
blue the . bench his head on sitting man covering a blanket the has 
the a brown . sniffing ground is snow white covered dog and 
fence snow in a near and dog . white a the brown walking 
dog brown snow a . the white sniffs greyhound & 
a brown lean a white snow of patch and . through makes its dog way 
a patch dog a of out <unk> checks snowy land . 
. in an man a is orange shirt fire a in standing 
shirt walking . an fire a in orange crowd watches is man over while a 
walking man . is fire through a 
a <unk> man walks . burning between 
<unk> crowd past walks man cameras a in burning front of with a 
<unk> a to . <unk> leg <unk> being stretch how is right his 
man row <unk> on front cars . a in parked another is ground a in military lying of the is who man <unk> of 
a leg man a man another man row the 's on near . first , cars of standing the ground holding and 
<unk> man a under is one line helping man . get another 
the men other <unk> on , foot near combat grabs 's . lot grass parking in one two 
jumping in a . <unk> wood off man black shorts of is 
black a gear all diving . wearing is while logs off man 
. logs off jumping man a of some 
structure a off . a man jumps wooden 
black cloudy wooden . a with plank a day on jumps shirt from a man a 
<unk> . arts a is in girl class kicking martial a 
bag a girl class martial in . young a arts kicks 
karate kid practicing move 
. object karate black kicks at girl class little 
with girl red that black pad the is a in . the person is belt holding kicking the 
. in giving camera a the thumbs a the up wilderness man hiking 
blue a in through nature a hikes man a . trail shirt 
in is green through hiking a blue man foliage . a shirt 
in blue shirt a walks a . wearing man forest and <unk> a sunglasses 
giving two in thumbs midst standing plants is . of up the man 
man through light in water in gear dark wade gear a a . man and deep 
racing are in men . the water two 
in , . in <unk> <unk> one blue water two stand , men a 
with man . water pink green arms bright waist two and hair in with deep one walking , shirtless , men 
. the walk water two through men 
in hole man from of and tire getting another one man up in the the . a water , to him next water 
tire two boys dock . off a hanging 
muddy in with are playing water . two men tires 
while muddy climb . men onto the water sitting tires two in 
on tires . up to a trying two of water the themselves from made to walkway <unk> men 
a their lot wave out on . ocean with surfers boards in of waiting stand a the 
ocean in . surfboards the sitting are their on many surfers calm 
for ocean wave a out waiting . the in surfers multiple are 
people . ocean up the in line 
surfers up next . the the water in line <unk> wave 
. woman a <unk> making boy a peace signs and costume in 
boy woman a a and signs . young a in peace make headscarf 
giving bandanna are a a sign boy a the a in and camera to headdress . with girl the peace 
scarf and . <unk> a in blue signs a a fingers hold peace a boy wearing wearing woman 
woman and a headband boy sign their with a make headdress a blue a peace with fingers with a 
. in jumping and snow black a the white dog 
a and jumps . snow the black in dog white 
dog . snow high jumps the a in 
snow jumps a . dog the in 
large snow and . dog black jumping white in the 
a woman and a man tripod outdoors a on . camera a <unk> 
. camera man a <unk> woman a and 
a the camera . work pair with 
woman to and <unk> the <unk> together man camera the . the 
young setting adults some two for . video are action up the camera 
up stand men holds . paper a his a around table boy while 
on sidewalk group a . and doing some of children a outside <unk> adults 
in of little in a frame middle a the jacket is pink the girl . 
to several <unk> young people scene <unk> . young a preparing <unk> a are <unk> a and 
little on a are two kids adults <unk> set . with seven 
jackets in wearing stands a building white camera a . of front team 
take up to <unk> man . a a setting of <unk> <unk> is something near <unk> seen that wall a be camera 
as women shoots man . camera on a look two a <unk> with 
long a a man camera looking hair with . is through 
people camera tripod three stand on . a has outside one a 
white and <unk> a male a in a young jacket <unk> black woman 
man microphone a a front . a holding in person 's face of 
man a a holding up woman for . a microphone 
black microphone a to man face a a up in girl jacket a . 's holds 
a a young girl microphone a brown is . with holding long hair a black man in toward jacket 
being microphone . a a with by child a man <unk> 
a <unk> getting people watching group by man of a boy a . 
. gathering a in a boy people man of interviews a 
of crowd people in boy interviews a a . front man a of 
an is of teenage <unk> man audience a . in front boy the 
flames <unk> while man a is in movie <unk> two <unk> . 
person fire . on a 
other fire a on . and face two to left person runs him people the 
. stunt men on fire watching man with two 
three one whom . of people , fire is on 
a race 8 , a . wearing , dog running number in a 
a greyhound shirt runs a and along dog yellow dirt wearing a racetrack black . 
race greyhound . striped , bee a a , number jacket in eight runs 
<unk> muzzle is with striped yellow with running . 8 dog # and grey the 
8 . number the <unk> has 
leash runs with collar a in . a grass black and purple a black the dog 
collar is running with a a dog purple . black 
a black . a dog collar running purple with 
a dog collar black purple running with 
a purple as he black wearing with collar a . black dog the is leash is running 
face rock snow and is with ice a covered . 
building . a rocking a inside mountain climbing 
large mountains snowcapped of view some a 
. ski mountain scenery lift and beautiful a 
snow of is there white a pile . 
them someone jumps a the blue sled . over while lies group snow a snow on in 
. person while a another , the them of snow people in jumps laying group 
people person a sled rides over several a . 
the making a over <unk> is . other in lying a snow kids jump 
laying other one the one several jumps boy with boys while over one . sits in sled his snow , end on boy 
as a break a watches . man crowd dances 
a on . in a man a front of crowd dances mat 
of crowd dancing the front on man . a street in a 
man a hand one the while . watches crowd on in a stands street 
. standing the on guy in <unk> his hand on checkered is a jacket black the 
shirt a a black video a a . a in is camera girl in sweater to man beige operating next 
a a while in a on stands tripod is . background woman the setting a camera up man 
tripod a man preparing a a camera on 
camera a him sets stands while . video behind a up a man woman 
the in two a tree on standing equipment with table beside background computer <unk> people . equipment with 
up some men setting <unk> are electronic two 
a it table two street has and a tv that the in laptop men are monitor standing a . on behind 
two looking men at a screen 
with men behind stand two on a <unk> table it . 
in with <unk> <unk> a lot table on of front . a them two men of 
a <unk> are . long monitor at looking two with women a 
city outside watching women . street two a monitor are screen a in 
with them tv , one , women watching <unk> a . the is down other two before is looking 
on television at are stopped street . a two a women 
small <unk> up a women . set computer two 
a man top in people step in behind is while chairs the him kneeling many . are sitting 
on performance a for . <unk> sits <unk> the stage a giving man 
man a front in a sitting of stage 
chairs a of a " man him him with box on a babies and backyard crowd in front a " has behind black . 
behind <unk> man working crowd 
<unk> of a about an , performer . in a for lone spectators urban crowd setting takes stage the <unk> or 
crowd at . the in stage an small street a up older looks 
on of seated standing a a stage front crowd a person in 
. outdoors someone onstage people are to seated see 
people an watching are outside presentation . 
the into black in a starring distance off . is girl 
with a a tripod in coat woman a camera black a on 
a while a woman . wall leans her next against to <unk> camera the 
a near wall . against a camera stands a video woman 
video behind a stands woman a . camera 
snow in playing . boy with smiling the hat a 
a flying . young snowy snow him down near child a hill coming around with <unk> 
young . child slides a a down smiling slope while snow 
. snow boy a hill sledding little covered down 
snowy boy a in hill hat a . winter sliding down young 
. <unk> a performing basketball player a 
basketball the white and boy boy jump a <unk> in uniform a basketball , a a in . for number , ball number blue 23 uniform 
holding basketball uniform man blocks in another white as him jumps . while a a a in blue 
white player wearing up ball the with the opposite , team <unk> 23 basketball number a jersey while jumps <unk> . on number by 
man in the in is . against basketball playing the white blue man 
owner his around not dog but with . with his a leash walking 
sand dog the . across walks a 
. dog the sandy below with and toward leash colored camera walking its dragging attached a 
dog white a sand in on . the a tan walks and nice day 
its out . hanging dog for poses lease with the with tongue camera 
a and . over a white obstacle fence course blue jumping is dog 
a barrier . over dog a leaps 
towards dog . runs a <unk> a hurdle 
hurdle dog light a leaps over colored a . 
a field jumping grassy tan on a over a goal large net dog 
dog having swan a a and a <unk> beside a pond . brown 
a dog . water in the a faces a swan dock brown white on 
white . a swan swimming lake a a looking dog in at is 
water the . a swan in at dog looking a 
deck a . a swan dog a <unk> on 
on his outside a break . onlookers spins watch as the performance dancer head 
on a . man head mat on <unk> sidewalk his near a city spinning a 
. his crowd on head in a man stands of front a 
pattern white near and a black head in standing . his street the man on 
street man break in the . young dancing 
are people people while watching a dancing platform checkered on are 
dancing people . many watching performers are street 
a as are men a two sidewalk watches performing on crowd 
dancing crowd , two with on men looking break . a 
<unk> front a men dancing two crowd in board a on of 
a man knee crowd on others a him . foreground in the three behind , one them surrounding and down , 
a crowd man sidewalk watches kneels the . on a as 
front a of busy in posing . crowd a street man on a 
men busy in many . watching a street performing are two people 
on green . as people shirted two perform square males the watch 
shirted man green a . european square crowd a watching a in 
a crowd a . is gentleman jersey a in people green <unk> of 
front in jersey large in . man a crowd of stands a a 
a is shirt people crowd of man with and in front standing green yellow of a a . 
in man urban area jersey crowd . in performs cap for and colorful 
boy surf . in plays the a 
through surf running a boy a beach on . 
at the playing beach boy shore wearing young sunglasses on a the 
. sunglasses the in boy ocean in walking 
the stand . people in surf 
brown dogs playing a . are field two in 
. are a wrestling field brown two dogs in grassy 
. brown dogs play or two fight 
field grassy dogs across . two run the 
large dogs run a brown along two playfully field . 
on child woman bench and beside wooden a . carving bear a sitting a 
on sitting girl bear bench wooden a little a are beside wooden . woman a and 
carving holds a wooden a little girl to large of bear a next a woman . 
a young a pose front store woman statues a bear girl with in of . with 
sitting a young being bear statue girl to near of older an the lap a entrance building by woman held <unk> wooden wearing the on a . 
on . a subway asleep man the 
a in leather falls asleep public on jacket . black transportation a man 
a . in subway man leather in is black a jacket car a sleeping 
in leather male . sleeping jacket skinned dark 
leather the in on the jacket . subway the man sleeps 
with tent with in dancing man lighting . people foreground suit a dark and a <unk> a the in 
group . in club a a lit people of dimly night 
. man looks in club a a on 
. a man stares a window out 
under a lights large tent in . are colored gathering people 
wearing a the a snow orange jacket dog in team sledding a bright . man pulling 
<unk> in on in man is snow the snowsuit a . a orange an 
is ground race sled with . dog on in snow man a a the 
a a sled town pulling dogs of a pack sled . through 
lead man a . orange through an in a with sled the dogs snow parka 
dog . sled a the races through snow 
driver sled dog and . their a team 
behind in running dogs and <unk> . his snow a who waves are smiles 
a . sled dogs pulling a in on snow are person the 
. to dogs line the <unk> finish is <unk> the the 
in trying ball is black white against player in who the the to <unk> dribbling . a player is basketball 
the from as basketball a american ball take him <unk> a african runs an with tries to . 
guy guy dribbling uniform uniform black from in basketball in away white 
towards driving one . playing is as are teams basketball the two man hoop 
from player attempts to on basketball ball court white get player black . 
men field rugby a of play on bunch muddy a . 
a of . men playing are rugby group 
men . rugby playing a group are of 
the of in of are group players a middle opposing a rugby . game 
. play men rugby 
pole a man a bus front is in a . holding of building 
waiting woman and man another one man a and street the to their . post to cross left holding looking 
a . for bus outside three building a wait pole 
walks by the waiting as on three are . a people curb man 
. and on elderly sidewalk their to woman standing men left elderly staring two a one 
<unk> a players show off gym <unk> a few in . their 
fencing masks are the the people . in 
gym full a two in <unk> in gear fencers . 
in fencing in a two gear fencers class fighting 
masks . in white suits in fencers gymnasium setting a compete black two and 
. two the men in field a are playing frisbee 
in . in park two long playing clothing sleeved men frisbee a are 
<unk> in . frisbee men two athletic play clothing <unk> 
park men . in frisbee play two the 
for two run player frisbee the . 
on little the jumps brother in looks a younger his air . boy while 
jumps . puddle mud boy through 
day . young two puddle boys <unk> on in play a a the 
mud in . playing are children a two puddle 
two play boys . with puddle a little 
holding at the hugs a glasses looks him camera man . while baby a 
who is baby glasses a holding holding man . a black 
on , is man a baby <unk> holds which a . chewing 
baby glasses a is . eye holding man a who holds 
with baby in his mouth his glasses . <unk> 
location . a attempting wire tropical is a bicyclist trick a on in a 
the while biker of a . flying handlebars ground go the <unk> over 
in an over shirt and his helmet cyclist red <unk> bike extreme jumping a 
at in a . bike leaps on beach a the a air high person 
balancing wire shirt person bicycle on in orange 
. chunk ice a and dog biting black white of a onto 
while and a snowy white on a walking snow . a mouth chunk it with of black dog surface its 
carrying is a snowball dog . a white and brown 
walks and snow white with brown a . a dog of mouth big his the snow chunk in in 
dog a carries mouth long-haired snowball brown his in white and a . 
in a boy runs blue woman a . away from in blue 
after chasing . is little a lady boy a 
woman . in by jacket a boy a little being blue chased a is running and 
. in a is in chased being little boy by a woman blue blue 
. boy his the young in mother is a park playing with 
swimming <unk> two deep are to close . water one dogs another within through 
are two white swimming dogs . 
. water to white swim face <unk> face in two dogs 
the in dogs swimming . ocean two white 
water the dog in . white 
<unk> . a a man cave 
a with a cave . blue hardhat <unk> a wearing is a lamp in standing a of man 
standing it a a cave in blue is a hat on <unk> with with man a . 
a cave in standing . a is man <unk> with gear 
cave wearing a working is . hardhat a a inside worker 
the dirt in a biker forest . 
through woods the rides biker <unk> his dirt . a 
woodland . motocross along a ridden a is bike being path 
navigates a trail a motorcyclist . forest 
a a by motorbike surrounded a person trees dirt path on rides . 
ready track are the runners . the for 2 
with . running long field ahead starting position of in two a people lane race them are 
a race are the at two for , runners blocks starting <unk> . 
are runners starting to two the at . ready line race getting 
get ready . a track runners race on two to 
a dirty down running road dog <unk> . is a 
a a is pathway dog running . on 
. a paved road running dog a down 
down yellow dog a runs a dirt path . 
down road running blonde dog 
riding mud a a and bike water . through guy 
, dirt a the on man spray . drives bike mud in a covered red in 
motorcycle . with in his <unk> splashes rain through a and red mud rider 
the racer on mud . has some track hit motorcycle a 
black wearing uniform on person and jumps a a red motorbike . a 
. towards dog a the <unk> through ocean running is 
white in dog is . a cat jumping tails some 
through through leaps snow dried . <unk> dog white the coming a 
in . runs <unk> a white a dog through dried snowy field 
with spot white grass dried dog jumping a an through orange . 
railing does tricks . skateboard a a boy on 
skateboard a a on boy . grinds ledge his 
his wall a a cement on balancing is skateboard boy . 
a in performs trick a skateboard a boy . parking lot 
wall the a skateboarder side . low a trick on of a attempts 
a red a scarf woman a . haired near brown wearing stream 
big a with is dark red . wearing a lady bright haired scarf a smile 
smiles woman the in camera scarf for red . a a 
wearing a red by a . hill winding woman a is road a standing on scarf 
in . woman a background of scarf front mountain a red wearing a smiles 
splashed . a in , being of people are a group pool swimming 
swimmers water near . large three splash a 
splashed down are by water coming . people a shoot 
just <unk> . pool splash a a and in people large something 
splash a three pool <unk> . in giant are a people 
. middle of or in black the a running dog leaping 
. ground along running the quickly a is black dog 
a . rottweiler running 
snow and . the the black sprints across dog brown 
and the dog black through bounding there air . a tan is 
cross-country snowy skis on man a path a . 
a ground . skies trees among man the on snowy 
red jacket a a area . through wooded wearing <unk> a skiing man 
cross-country . forest are a through skiers snowy traveling 
in the people by surrounded snow hike trees . 
smaller holds dog a in animal a mouth its . 
<unk> leash in of a dog a is the a ear , at another park on . dog 
dog holding dog large a smaller . a 
a a . is leash bigger a dog small on on a jumping dog leash black on tri-colored and brown 
up . to a larger play dog a jumps small with dog 
hot a air <unk> <unk> a crowd balloon . 
a up of balloon a are people air hot . group firing 
hot climb of air a into balloon people . a group 
filled . <unk> getting balloon a 
gathered a around people <unk> . air the in <unk> balloon hot of 
running dogs . are hill snow covered down a three 
the together . dogs three in race snow 
running three dogs snow through the . 
together field walk snowy . across a dogs three 
. with dogs red and mostly are two white black a snow in the dog 
dog white a . and a brown walks brown cow behind 
a dog grass animal running a and nearby tall past short a is . diving fence farm 
in a a a beside field . running dog grassy cow along 
cow and in . field dog 
grass brown through dog white the green ran the and . 
a <unk> white . in a and dog the chicken 
a a building . to chicken and dog next a 
at white chicken log rests dog a as . ground the on <unk> a a 
ground <unk> . the chicken at 
black and the is white <unk> . white chicken dog the 
person in of front bus stands a a and white . red 
front hair people on of look sidewalk stands a street and person in while with on a a the the coat . bus in black long 
front . jacket a jeans road on red woman the of a in and black white a and in bus standing 
man to camera with back front of bus a standing in 
into the car no traffic to coming is <unk> . looks <unk> person be 
drives along a boat a <unk> . man with lined waterway a 
. a passes driving some blue boat houses a man colorful by 
houses through the red with canal with colorful <unk> a . lined boat steers a man 
colored houses . boat blue brightly a past a steers man 
a canal on . boat person in a a 
beach brown dog standing a while funny a face making on . a 
brown head shaking dog . a its 
around a dog it head shaking is brown neck . chain wearing a its 
a brown a chain a collar running . <unk> wearing mountain on dog 
a shaking <unk> dog . brown off dark 
snowboard . a boy air through a on leaps the 
crouching . man a snowboard in a on yellow is his hat 
in blue a . red a green on and a snowboard cap man shirt 
a through snowboard red the front landscape on in a flies air snowboarder of snowy . a 
. a wood a landing snowboarder pile on of 
belt wrestler sumo in <unk> a another a a pushing with is brown . wrestler 
sumo wrestlers pushing . other against each 
wrestling are people two sumo . 
. sumo two fight wrestlers a in 
sumo two wrestlers wrestling . 
the smaller running it black behind dog a a . in dog is snow brown with running 
dog black brown on walk small a and dog large the snow . 
brown snow dog out a a little the dog are black . in and large 
, , . two dog a a dog big dogs and small snow the run in 
the . larger in barking standing , one are snow two at one dogs smaller the 
a . of group in dim people room a 
a table and with a in two sit man a at . women room candles darkened 
a man women . speaking two with 
<unk> <unk> a . drink share at 
<unk> at three by sit red . table people 
children <unk> in black black sitting woman and . a tent two are a 
the hut in two with blue a blanket kids . a a straw sit floor on and woman 
. african children tent <unk> three sitting in a 
sitting children of a floor . on the are hut three grass young 
, young a straw two and <unk> inside . children looking woman hut one 
refrigerator person snowboarding a on a 
stuck refrigerator man a in and it a , . is on skiing snow is a of bank 
refrigerator . ramp a as is a a skier using 
a . refrigerator up snowbank a skier a in goes 
a side refrigerator a 's the with background that the snowbank in . a skier on the in sun of 
guitar a singing dark and man haired sitting a brown a hat standing up man . in playing 
guitar another sings a . as man playing is 
singer guitarist performing and . 
song a another guitar man the . <unk> man while played 
musicians playing singing and two 
doing . bicyclist a trick in a is midair 
a <unk> in trick is air the . performing a 
jump bmx a . a makes rider 
a a in . bike trick beanie a man doing 
of . jump biker a picture of midair in 
man tennis a orange a in hitting an with a shirt . ball racket 
man of <unk> dressed plays tennis a . colors in miami 
wearing shirt orange a man ball a . hits an with tennis racket a 
hits . the a ball tennis player 
tennis ball with and man racquet in orange white hitting dressed a 
man racket a to . with hit tennis ball a a about 
shirt tennis . a playing an orange man in 
white tennis a and . an t-shirt in man orange plays <unk> 
t-shirt a orange wearing miami playing tennis an <unk> man 
his ball a . strike an orange player in shirt to lining the is up tennis racquet 
a performs a . biker crowd before 
air in front lone motorcyclist crowd through jumping . large a a the of 
in in is . midair a motorcycle of crowd front a rider 
rides a high air as the a watches bike crowd person in . a 
is rider the bike his jumping motocross . dirt 
holds a in flowered in a standing violin of . microphone a player a people man a shirt crowd beside 
with bow man the a the plays a holding whilst woman violin it . is 
man while a a concert a at a microphone violin . into a man speaks plays 
and in perform singer a of . people a <unk> front 
violin playing next . the one to man another singing man 
cigarette man a blue shirt a a smoking in . 
a man cigarette a . smokes 
of blue a a cigarette a shirt wearing front a building smoking man in 
cigarette while head redheaded a a smokes man leaning . forward his 
in shirt man smoking blue 
a group people . of performing 
man an younger front and two older of group perform men in . a 
and clapping dancing . onstage performers 
make playing while guitar gestures the is <unk> men the man other the 
men other guitar gesture two a plays at . while third each , 
in racing biker covered dirt mud a 
mud bike in is a covered on . man dirt a 
head <unk> with riding a to motorcyclist mud covered 
mud helmet man riding bike a with dirt a in covered . 
in his through motorcycle covered motorcyclist mud riding one the mud . 
a skateboard a boy a pole rides on down . red 
on . his male a is rail youth a grinding skateboard 
skateboarding red person a a . rail on 
skateboarder a a rail . grinds 
on red performing . the with rail boy a trick is skateboard a a 
. a of for swimmer air the surface the up above comes water 
wearing a <unk> for black air cap a . swimmer 
goggles and the is a . hat butterfly wearing swimmer doing a black <unk> 
black cap swim swimming and in person goggles 
cap and . man , young swimming swimming wearing goggles protective 
children jumping . off of cement 
children jumping wall are two a off . 
wall on a two children . standing 
the onto ledge a two dirt . cement jumping children ground of young off 
. young jumping steep girls two a are of off step 
a man lake dives a into . 
pine by a the and rocks man surrounded . trees water dives into 
near is shore a . diving water man into a 
man water a young dives . into 
the into diving man is the water . 
. of group truck back riding a of the a are in people 
warmly a in truck of back group the . of a dressed people 
the in a <unk> wagon . large a of of back <unk> 
in the of people are eastern a middle . sitting many truck blue back 
. bed in people a are riding crowded truck 
grass the dogs . in run four 
walking three dogs in . grass the 
the two are in field . dogs running 
run dogs watches behind a from third them . as in grass the two dog 
. watches a running while two large dogs third 
of a indoor . little boys group soccer playing 
children ball soccer number goal . kicks during 's the a <unk> game soccer towards 
several . little play soccer indoor boys 
soccer on . goalie <unk> defenders player a four a and shot takes # goal with 
are boys soccer the . playing 
talking are ladies . the 
smiling three behind are women . paintings them with 
at gallery , holding women three . of two an wine glasses the art women 
hold 2 laughing . women , glasses while of wine three talking and 
the women with talking three background , , in holding . paintings glasses wine of 
look a boy other girl at each and . 
. boy a smiles a up looks her girl at and 
as . looking is girl boy up the the girl another <unk> them at 
sitting people down three asian . 
looking a third other <unk> at not two , . is people person each 
begins leg grass of brown dog . bit farm to animal in a a the the 
brown biting a . a horse ankle dog 's 
. a 's biting horse brown a dog leg 
a animal the . <unk> an of <unk> leg dog 
the leg . a at <unk> dog horse of a 
beach . wearing bikinis of playing volleyball group a are women 
beside volleyball competing a of beach . water in large body women four 
volleyball bikinis playing four wearing young women are beach 
. volleyball playing girls on the in bikinis beach 
beach by women play volleyball bikinis the in <unk> . 
woman riding . gear formal her in riding the on horse beach a 
horse ocean is brown shore woman on riding the . a the a of 
riding on beach the . a horseback on , woman 
beach on horse brown a large the a woman riding 
person a the on beach on horse . 
two to . conversation and mustache in women man gestures thin a beret a in 
a hat woman on black wearing points man a black a another . woman in at while looks 
talking . to couple woman <unk> 
conversation women . a in man the beret black the has two with 
while man is his look pointing down the finger . on ladies two 
a concrete is boy a a skateboard down grinding wall . 
skateboard on guy to a do trick about a a 
ramp kid white white and . shirt down in and skateboards a hat a a jeans 
down his arms in skates the a air rollerblader ramp . a with 
concrete arms the he throws the down wall the <unk> air his as into . skater 
tries while <unk> by other for basketball to players a player being blocked the goal . 
basketball player several . a <unk> with 
. players play high a game basketball of a school group 
group get another to from basketball a ball player the players of trying . 
in surrounded uniform a a members man the holds wearing of young a by team opposing green white basketball . 
the a edge on and <unk> stands road a of field 
around stands looking squirrel . in the a grass 
a at squirrel road a on stands legs of grass in . the edge hind its the 
grass there is squirrel the sitting . up a in 
the sits the grass squirrel in up straight . 
raised low snow brown dog with running is toy tail a . across 
is running brown the dog in a little . snow 
dog small . running a across brown is snow 
in running snow a . dog brown small 
the small dog in brown the runs . snow 
in dirt a race participates . a biker 
a bike terrain <unk> the up . dirt 
on man dirt bike event motor cross a up . during throws a a 
motocross around . ridden bike a the in circuit kicks up it being as bend dirt is a 
person a motorcycle . hill a rides of blue dirt in a a through outfit 
in above sun clear the the races shines sky snowy a downhill down . skier hillside as a 
. a skier blue down goes sky empty under an hill lone a 
sunny in powder . a alone a skier day is skiing <unk> on 
a skier a . slope on 
skier a . mostly downhill through snow traveling <unk> 
a tan stands checkered <unk> on group . 
stand people many . around reading 
. newspapers platform <unk> reading people standing are on a 
for people papers . while reading a subway waiting stand 
on for waiting . tiled platform train people 
in a and on greyhound white the rear race a and black of white in in green coming yellow black greyhound up a . 
greyhound track . a a on running 
racing number dog vest yellow 8 with 
race a is the greyhound . in running 
dog . and muzzle 8 the racing a # wearing is jersey has striped 
of white flies large . water bird a out the 
a of the white large out . takes <unk> bird water 
through flying crane the large water . white over a the air 
. some is crane water white a flying above 
. glides white water above <unk> 
near grass dogs water along the green run the two . 
two . dogs past running tree a 
through . run a two field dogs 
of two dogs through a body water grass . near run 
lawn a water two grey . in fall dogs <unk> the near on run the 
woman on . a in baby a a chest red-haired carrier carries her 
. in a redheaded woman a baby a with harness 
on baby holding of a front in body a <unk> woman her . a the 
chest carrying a on a sleeping sling in a her baby . is woman 
on woman the a her carrier small infant holds chest baby in . a 
in a playing a band indoor area . dark 
performs person . band stage three small a a on 
band <unk> <unk> underground at 
up in . with woman on left a on and arms <unk> , of a woman middle , the the the man the right 
<unk> are <unk> walls decorated with gold and black people lit red in room three a with dimly . 
the jumps a . fence <unk> 
. fence a over a deer jumping is 
deer fence . a jumping a over 
. a a deer fence jumps 
and fence jumps wire wood <unk> over 
rolling blanket on a purple the . are two dogs 
<unk> lay purple . two on their dogs backs on a 
lay two . down a on bed upside purple dogs 
on on bed their two . purple dogs backs lying the 
. two dogs purple on <unk> lying on large a their backs 
in people picking marsh a . 
standing . people mud in 
grassy are small <unk> bushes near a two people area . 
people mud working in two . 
working in people field to two water next 
girls sandy on . a playing are beach four volleyball near ocean 
four . playing at the are in girls volleyball swimsuits beach 
ladies four in volleyball . on the beach swimsuits sand play 
the playing beach four in on volleyball are women . bikinis 
in a girls a game of of volleyball bikinis playing . near are body water 
dreadlocks man . has a 
. a shirt dreadlocks red man with holding a one is cheek in 
. the street his on as down talks man walks he a cellphone 
cellphone his with on . man a dreadlocks talks 
hair read sweatshirt dreadlocks his in the man in . has the 
with their a hands person black their . covering in face 
day as park comes a an her end a to the covering woman eyes in 
her her . eyes with a woman hands covering is 
eyes with with background the black . in jacket standing hands on street over lights in person 
covering is . with man the face sweater hair the in his brown with black hands his 
hat scarf a face person knit . hiding with a a their in 
covers sweater clothes winter a face in with person . a their 
holding woman scarf a in a over park a hat wearing face her and . a 
face her fabric a with covers . outside woman 
the a face outside with their adult clothing is covering of piece 
ball holds black and another a him tire a . in a as dog mouth his follows 
's dog its chasing black in mouth a ball another is dog . carrying a black that 
black is black , a dog and holding who ball a some rope red chasing is wheel . , a dog another 
a dog . tire ball tiny with runs and black deflated a a 
dog ball small another black and his tire one follows while black . with running mouth a in dog 
people ears a wearing of group are . bunny 
are wearing several of group people pink a which <unk> . fuzzy of , 
. people each one on of white <unk> a white group head fluffy balls with wearing two 
bunny outside women ears . group with walk pink of a 
street pink fluffy down people wearing walking the several <unk> 
pole standing women near a . asian 
asian are women the . on street standing several 
. corner their shoulders are , on on girls bags all street standing asian the book a with four 
near . corner cars background street the a are with in standing these girls 
street stand women . the on 
a a in dog and black <unk> dog play field a . 
white dog running . a black and dog grass the and in brown a 
in grassy a a dog and dog and white field black brown a running 
running two dogs field in a . 
through the dogs two . grass run 
. playing grass on dogs three 
a background trees playing with in the in dogs three together grassy field 
with field three dogs play each . the out in other 
the dogs . wrestle grass three in 
grass the one . and black interacting in dog two white 
rides his large a male . teenager skateboard a onto rock 
big on a skateboard a up rock . man gets a 
on inside is skateboarding large <unk> shirt blue wearing a . a striped of an building rock a 
skate . a a rock blue skating skateboarder flannel on a is park at wearing 
man black blue striped blue hat . doing and rock shirt and skateboarding trick on in 
and catch black white . dog a to ball high jumping a 
black orange . ball catch and an an open white leaping dog field in to a 
catch jumps dog to field a a in grassy ball a . 
dog tennis the into leaps a ball a for air . 
ball white the is outside a to jumping black . dog air catch into and 
girl the . and in a a a suit toddler boy run sailor in sand little 
. sand run through grey two kids 
beach children sandy two small down walk a . 
smiling two walking kids sand on 
on are . children two sand young 
. on are four a bridge people walking 
. over water people walk four of a a bridge on body 
over a on bridge walking water . people 
some bridge along are people narrow walking water . several a over 
in distant a a bridge several <unk> people line walking 
. the walks hiker a through <unk> 
. people are walking the in carrying skis the two snow 
. two up snowy people a hike hill 
up covered people two a hiking mountain snow 
. skis , barren hike through uphill , two landscape snowy a 
. running through the dog snow black a is 
labrador bounds . the black a across snow 
black snow a is on little . running dog the 
through dog small white the snow a black runs . 
. the is the black snow through dog running 
alone a . sits a in diner reading book a man 
booth a a sits in man . at diner a 
in . including dining kitchen at restaurant a red observes the a , worker a jacket man the room 
in restaurant small booths a with inside . , a background is of this <unk> the two the in men and , 
cafe two sitting in themselves are . men a by 
has in black something and dogs one and white . mouth two its blue 
dogs . two black a white field run through and 
white a through are field . running dogs two 
dogs one a and run a has blue colored two field toy white along . light 
with white black spots the jumping dogs grass two through . 
's <unk> <unk> a hair <unk> hair <unk> . on is in a <unk> a 
hair a woman in her <unk> a <unk> and colored gets 
hair getting a <unk> <unk> woman . is at her a 
. the who standing the who is looking woman of is hair sitting the at is woman 
giving is woman in her . <unk> <unk> <unk> a 
people a on for bed while pose . the picture sitting 
in dressed black at room two in <unk> are girls camera sitting making a poses the . 
a picture in bedroom . pose two a women for 
women bed posters two young sitting some on a . beside are 
women on sit two . bed a young 
crowd in a . at of night street people the 
they 's the atop a a as young <unk> sits lady girl crowd shoulders . with celebrating 
them each scene woman and while a two other child a on party night behind goes at look . 
party a . a child and celebrating nighttime women at two 
women girl . a one crowded two and together are area in young 
with women . and beach on the two in two a background man a , , dogs buildings 
beach a a and are white in sitting people the three . sand dog on 
city on little a with dogs . three beach people two 
walks the by girls as sand at in . dog beach tan the wrestle a two 
wrestle a two beach women to the . city at next 
graffiti a <unk> has " that sign . a says <unk> and " <unk> some <unk> <unk> 
kid the tricks wall on his a bmx bike doing with 
sweatshirt in his man grey pipe bicycle hooded . half on a rides a a 
his ground . graffiti a person on bike rides the over <unk> 
skateboard picture and a . ramp sign of a french a 
. his back teenager on a carries a boy 
on carry girl boy to his a a struggles . back 
is t-shirt from ride the <unk> path . a paved in black getting shirt a person a a woods black wearing person a wearing on a <unk> 
boy back . a piggy in teenage teenage boy a another a gives forest ride 
other the boy is boy the . carrying 
chickens bucket and a <unk> . of group a stand by a dogs , 
for puppies chickens several and food white five compete 
are brown white <unk> . many puppies food eating near several 
examining puppies dirt . , bucket on and <unk> <unk> a chickens 
are food . bucket some white a , chicken get a to dogs some , and of trying out <unk> 
being brown is dog <unk> . by other two a dogs 
be rough to three enclosure appear dogs playing a fenced inside . 
dogs three wrestle . playfully 
dogs on down dog two and . back one standing laying its 
its on lying standing dogs one back brown two dog . interact and 
man shirt a while bearded man glass holds <unk> . blue <unk> up a <unk> a laughing a in 
drink holds a laughs business a man suit a other wearing as the up . 
man and man there a holding on with cups shirt a on blue a is coat with . gray 
two drinking have men fun 
wearing <unk> men smiling having a and two drink 
<unk> a up face <unk> <unk> <unk> stone a . male <unk> 
to man rock climbing harness a is a a wall attached . 
safety down belt <unk> and a man a . waist a rock with hanging his climbing on rope 
cliff . a man of in scaling pants a the side 
rock . a wall a climbing is man 
a pool smiles the boy . by 
a young laughing a swimming pool is boy . near 
, pool young the . boy smiling a by outside 
other child of on the side the is a bars . pool laughing by the 
, pool black in green fence a . dark shirt boy a young behind a near 
water body swan is a flying of through a . 
a for preparing pond flight the swan across 
a off taking a lake swan from 
is white . taking the from water off swan the 
. white flying above bird water 
head is who his resting on . his hand a man 
makes person a face . wearing shirt white a and a sits 
on resting a . asleep is sitting up with her woman her hand head 
hand resting her . her on woman face a 
resting be hand his sleeping his while appears head to . this man on 
flops a maroon and flip with . him cloth over eyes his a man lying over wearing someone standing down 
on him standing ground over with eyes man a . shirt <unk> a his a with the person beside 
with t-shirt the a man his <unk> . on eyes pavement his 
maroon shirt on man wearing tied laying his is the a a around cement face 
a covering on the person a 's . pavement with feet near face man a red dark shirt rests his 
dogs their field in group of stands a by . people a 
. four dogs their stand with three <unk> owners dog <unk> 
a people three . in field holding four dogs 
with field stand . people four a dogs in their 
these with four people outdoors . are dogs standing 3 , 
on children . water to a hang wall next 
in . pool four with the of lean legs their edge in the on boys a cement trunks swimming water 
in on . boys four to water ledge concrete are hanging the 
four in pool children . the 
a climbing out water of <unk> the boys concrete sidewalk on young 
fire be holds object pink an in to a child appears that on . 
a with playing fire child . 
has a . a top is a girl little spinning fire set been on pink that in stick 
. that object an holding child fire is on 
holds . girl little sunset at flaming object 
table skateboard rides the steps . man a a a picnic over of off 
skateboard man down railing a . a 
wooden down a . is skateboarder jumping off a some steps table 
skateboard a off . on stairs a a watch sitting on attempts trick onlookers as table man a 
people a steps watch the does table on . man skateboard as a tricks down 
a a path up biker going . red lined tape with 
takes course the a bmx along . air rider 
. rider a does motocross woods a in jump the 
trail colorful biker in . riding clothes a 
tape through the on is red the mountain ridden a bike by out . trail being that marked wood is 
with soccer brown dog a sandy playing a ball outside is . 
and white a tan black chases ball a dog soccer . 
soccer ball is . tan with a dog playing a 
soccer ball . plays a yellow a dog with 
. yellow dog with soccer a ball is playing the 
and building front standing a a man in are of woman a 
at their man stand woman of look white hands building in front a and and a . 
next couple the a older box office . to 
street <unk> couple looking the hats at on wearing . <unk> 
jackets man and other each facing in woman old 
over snowboarder jumping snow the <unk> . outside a in long a 
man a caution over is a sign . snowboarding 
white and over their snowboard caution orange person . doing a sign jump a with a 
over a . and sign construction a jumping snowboarding person 
. road jumping a over <unk> snowboarder a 
block . game is in to basketball a attempting white a blue player a player during in 
men basketball playing are the . 
in a basketball play game . players two 
a gym men basketball playing . in two black 
from men two together opposite . play teams basketball 
a player another basketball stop tries him shot jumps . to to the make while 
to basketball by attempting with right blocked . basket in score uniform in white player while in uniform man sport hand being blue 
white basketball player the the in is . player against blue basket defending the wearing 
net <unk> . players basketball each the other at two 
and block trying men . the shot basketball two to are playing others one is 
jersey player ball a blue the basketball holds high a . in 
player hoop a ready a basketball shoot to getting is 
to basketball uniform . throw a a man about blue in 
basketball a basketball is wearing man the a jersey blue shooting . 
man a hoops young shooting . 
is . dog muddy fall a foliage by surrounded black stream running a along 
a running is dog down path black . a 
a natural down curly a path <unk> . dog running is 
dog a path dark down . colored leaping 
along fuzzy dark sides the gray dirt path with . running dog on weeds a 
after a fallen a woman helps man . soccer kicking who up ball has a 
one the on is soccer ground air player whilst laying in runs ball arms . with the other his towards the the 
fallen teammate soccer player runs towards the past one a . ball 
men sliding one running the soccer ball two one . playing towards , 
in . in two match uniforms people brown soccer playing a 
<unk> ball other a from basketball on <unk> . player players the 
basketball a basketball . a holding player 
two is between in basketball the running blue white player in players . 
the basketball the him right on in and has . the to watches stop man left man on the blue the tries while the man 
. teams compete two basketball 
. a dribbles player basketball 
<unk> player hand moves ball . basketball <unk> the in with for a 
. a in a man blue plays basketball jersey 
the dribbles a <unk> basketball player . <unk> ball 
holds ball the player . the basketball 
brown <unk> <unk> a . its dog 
barking at german shepherd on a up somebody a . leash 
dog its open mouth . leashed wide a holds 
, something green dog at off background . brown barking camera 
dog open black mouth and brown the his has . 
a something its . is a field on fetching in brown mouth dog 
dog a holding mouth its in something . in a field 
in dog something is carrying a his . mouth 
is with holding dog a in mouth its . <unk> a collar a <unk> 
and walking is in dog while its large carrying brown a black on mouth grass . something 
park girl little a somthing , the in out of runs frame looking at . 
young girl outside a . quickly walks 
past girl . running a bench 
a bench running through near wooden a park girl park . the is 
the in young down street sandals and green shirt runs girl 
in , in asian top in two in , one bottoms . blue a women something woman while down top one a blue leaning the top over white the , red smiles 
something girls haired down looking dark two at 
smiling . , down looking something one two is girls at 
shirts their laughing two <unk> tied with at while . girls red down looking are 
is smiling . two teenage girls one , 
a looks . surprised lady 
girl brick window an in a front surprised looking asian of 
shirt surprised an <unk> girl " asian " that face wearing a makes says while a 
a . brick woman white front standing a shirt of a in wall in 
open t-shirt has girl mouth <unk> wearing 
a crowd road runs shirts city . wearing of red people along a 
in a red the are people of . down running group road 
in participate race a a and woman t-shirts . group all men red large wearing of 
the t-shirts . street the people are orange in on jogging 
a running <unk> red shirts there marathon . people of with are 
hugs young offering purple hair a with . up and signs dressed woman free another hold in black 
free two signs offering are ' holding hugs girls up ' 
" free people are two staring signs with hug with nearby people " . reading 
purple <unk> one signs holding with , free . hugs women hair two , 
signs " with . free <unk> two hugs " women that 
walking . with along street city it people busy a many 
couple of a to crowded side walk walkway the . a 
winter . the time in market chinese street 
red people <unk> from street lanterns paved down the has . buildings walk that a 
with people lined lanterns down walking . chinese street 
signs guy a holding . girl hugging and and 
man a woman a hugging . and 
sign are embracing man a woman blonde holding . a and outdoors a 
holding . hugs man a sign woman a a green blond in 
sign with . woman man hugging 
. a a snowboard guy on grinding 
down is a snowboarder railing outside . a an trick attempting 
gray blue and board on jacket person balancing in pants handrail 
is . rail snowboarder grinding snow the on the silver nighttime in a 
. rail is snow the a <unk> riding 
camera a in front in hug . for of couple pose other each pond a the the and snow 
a near . woman river in man winter a embrace and 
to standing other each woman . in lake a by a and the man next snow 
the the happy couple scenic enjoys . stream winter 
the picture pose two . in snow stand for people a front in a lake and of 
for waterfall picture in a group a . poses frozen front a of 
ice an people crouched near four . formation 
the people base snow sitting the in of . frozen waterfall a at four 
the . are dressed snow four of piece clothes there ice people front in in huge sitting warm in a of 
in pose . picture winter for two the couples a 
over the water . a flying bird 
blue a bird water flying over . 
water flying a bird is gray over the . 
over . large a wings a his <unk> flight in bird water of body 
the large land water to begins in . gray a bird 
in <unk> a . a girl <unk> a is learning in <unk> 
to child a something show man a a <unk> to . points 
to man a girl young <unk> teaches village a a african . in rural 
<unk> <unk> a person with looking on a at pointing one 
on him next who writes to <unk> . standing the something girl man the the <unk> is to 
an water gather outdoor . at <unk> <unk> 
clothing . <unk> a wearing gather colorful fence behind 
in a the group <unk> . desert water <unk> filling 
a black water container filling with people . large 
<unk> at women of african water <unk> fence <unk> . are <unk> water wire near , 
the snowboard his jumping down person hill a winter on in a 
a rail glides stair a down . snowboarder 
down a . to next goes hill stairs snowboarder a short 
snowy down next a a building hill to a . staircase snowboarder a behind going is 
nearby snowboarding covered . with person hill snow near on buildings stairs 
by a is he a rope red <unk> looks a . climber down in as a <unk> shirt 
a man on steep a with wall a climbing is rock safety harness 
pants a red person black and . climbing in shirt a rock 
a climber sideways goes . rock 
person with shirt pants a . climbing rock and black red 
on who while a child skating a ice small fell girl is <unk> the 
child rink crowded the ice a sit a mother on and . at 
sidewalk the daughter <unk> mother on . is her a 
ice the a floor busy is of crying baby . on a woman a holding rink 
ground <unk> woman on and the a a crying child sitting 
are a dog black running black by . side a and side 
in the and with a <unk> its a in tennis a . lab mouth ball black snow running 
snowy ball run across dirt tennis two dogs . with a black the 
. the ball snow ; a run dogs in has two one 
through . a ball with the run dogs two one snow , tennis 
horse parent a pet child a and . 
pony and brown white a a pets family 
a a baby petting a holding man who pony is . 
is a toddler and brown . colored a petting pony cream 
the the horse child a holds . the while brown child man pets 
in challenging is player . the for white ball basketball the in red the player 
during basketball fighting . teenagers a a are game over the 
two fighting basketball a of over . players control ball 
. the ball for basketball two players struggle 
two one males , playing white game a basketball one and in . red in 
, dressed cricket hit , all batter makes white a a in 
dressed , a plays man red and the a , grass in on cap . white wearing 
a hitting field in grassy in rugby man a a . a uniform ball 
cricket playing man a 
cap with the hits cricket ball red . outdoors player 
top a skateboard . man of a a barrel and on 
trick of sort . some man doing a 
in on man . black <unk> a skateboard a 
a jumping is barrel a skateboard man on over a 
on colored area barrel in on skateboard man of . top darkened <unk> 
arm and out leans bat . outstreached baseball a on one a holds boy 
bat . child with hat a a a stands with 
with a field young a in boy bat baseball poses a . 
<unk> out young with bat a boy arm a . his baseball 
boy a baseball the green . wearing and is black a holding bat cap 
the biting <unk> attack an arm . german of shepherd trainer a 
arm a padded dog his to attack man a training . 
by a . being protective clothing a wearing man arm bitten is on dog the 
and protection dog stick . man by with bitten large arm a being is a a 
wearing is dog by padded the off <unk> clothing man . a an attack 
big over fight piece smaller a . a a of dog dog and fabric 
blonde the dog blonde is , animal a a standing stuffed a dog puppy beside from to who adult . is get trying 
golden of playing war and adult tug a . toy a are an brown with puppy retriever 
one playing a younger and a an . with toy dog older 
golden a the from object to , dog attempting is larger take <unk> furry small a 
in the brown dogs . <unk> grass two 
two . the hill on brown dogs grassy wrestle 
two playing the . grass dogs in 
at dogs grass looking <unk> the in two . something 
in . two <unk> field a 
wearing a mask guitar who behind man a to man green sitting another cart is . a next a playing is 
a wearing a him plays man next . guitar to another man mask a sits while 
drums the plays while a on man sits and the him man plays guitar . the standing a street beside 
of on the . the drums playing a street guitar guys side are two and 
two and . to a building guitar men playing drums a next 
and black in snow deep a walking brown . dog 
the snowy hill . a a with black snow deep runs his dog down in legs 
a in . <unk> dog snow 
the dog up snow . to attempts its move belly a to in 
the runs the deep . in snow dog 
thrown wave yellow with . gets body a by boarder <unk> a around 
sails a the man wave . boogie boarding over 
is through wetsuit wakeboarding big wave a wearing . blue man a a 
. wave surfer in a a blue surfs 
is . from a board his tossed man large by boogie wave the 
day a couple on is sharing a . cold a sunny kiss 
a city couple . during on in winter sidewalk a kissing a 
a pink jacket a street passes in tan a as kissing yellow is <unk> a city girl jacket by a . a in man on 
in a jacket a teen street snowy on teen boy brown in a girl kissing parka 
people coats road a side . of two on the kiss in 
wearing . brick a man jacket black in standing storefront is front a of a 
a man street a standing . on city 
front man the a is in building of 
warm young man coat . outside in storefront 
and before . building cap man with <unk> young stands coat 
used <unk> in woman a bookstore frame a dressed at a holding record a . 
a <unk> for a . music store and guy girl a shop in 
woman . at and <unk> a man look music 
a holds another art while man shops a of framed store woman at a . piece 
record a <unk> . store in 
standing flying are . in group a kites of field a people 
of a <unk> kites . a <unk> flying large in park 
fly a on day kites a sunny large people group . of 
. park a kites people fly many in 
kites flying people on gathered a are hillside . 
a of . doing skateboard is in crowd a trick a guy front 
front is group people a . of in skateboarding man of a 
in skateboarder . a a a front trick of performs crowd large 
from leaping in skateboarder a of . pool a crowd front a 
does skateboarder watches crowd photographer in tricks of front while 
flip is to beach shorts boarding handstand on trying do . the a in or guy a 
on man the a an . move acrobatic doing seashore 
. of a ocean beach flip doing front a on the man a is in back 
beach . a the a at man turning somersault 
a . a is shirtless on back man beach doing flip a 
through . dog runs white brown and little a grass brown 
field through runs a small . dog a 
brown . brush dog runs white and through 
through small field . a dog running 
the full dog . is meadow running the speed through 
surfs . wetsuit a crashing a in a man wave full 
surfing in on green . a a surfboard is wetsuit man a 
in the a . the man of wave surfs <unk> 
surfing person . a wave a 
out . a surfer wave rides a 
birds away of fly a their flock <unk> with . in food 
while a seagull with flies under another three follow . others food 
which in four are of another bird chasing mouth its food a piece has birds 
bread fighting a seagulls of <unk> over . 
of birds trees . flying in front several 
brown dog is carrying a its a mouth . stick in 
setting brown country fetching a a . a in stick is dog 
with stick dog mouth the his is . a fenced in field in standing a in 
a . through runs a dog with a his field in mouth stick 
brown a the . green dog back bringing on is stick grass 
a hill guy a down snowboarding . 
a , skier skiing near suit . downhill ski is a in a fence 
skier a . races the mountain down 
slalom downhill skier quickly . a moving 
make the course leaning to . going skier turn sharp down a competing 
air spraying the hill man ski the , lifts , the in skis background . down snow in a 
is skiing person . a 
skier background down a hill in cable cars a going the with 
lift skier beneath . slope the a descends ski ski snowy the 
slope lift person ski near on skiing 
with blocks game boy wooden . a a plays 
a with table wooden building child blocks on playing a . 
building some small boy . blocks is a wooden with 
<unk> . a boy wearing small a blue shirt wooden blocks 
at of blue hand on shirt near boy table 's <unk> . looking blocks in someone 
festival . a chinese 
of smiles in chinese front men . market 
outdoors . gather at market a people 
. on tents several past with people walk up street the set lanterns 
tents them up red chinese with from lined hanging lanterns white 
up white a and black a is . dog jumping dog brown at 
on a <unk> . a <unk> jumps 
larger head white dog a putting on orange its smaller a and dog black 
are two playing in the . dogs around dirt 
fenced-in while . , watch dogs a area two a in from two play large men distance 
the . and white black at a looking dog camera 
running field in dog miniature straw is a a breed strewn . 
. standing is a dog field small in a 
with foot in <unk> a large dog standing . field up 
little in is dog the with big the ears field . 
man bike jumps . a cars train with his 
a a over jumps bmx a man on train bike 
is riding . blue air while his a train top sky the the on a day person in clear on bicycle of 
. a bicycle over is train car jumping a on their person while 
person on bicycle a across . a moving train the top a of 
<unk> pan kitchen steps . as from a a back leap flames a in 
on a . <unk> a and away fire from in stove shirt man is a a black jeans 
style an is on <unk> fire cooking is that man kitchen a . asian in dish on 
. , his <unk> in the on pan an a face on stove expression a flames <unk> with 
stove at woman jumps back from of a a a pan the . flames high 
drives a through puddle mud large a vehicle . 
muddy . a travels bumpy vehicle and path through a large 
an mud road through . driving a vehicle puddle off 
traveling an . through mud suv 
vehicle sport deep muddy a water driving is through <unk> and . 
a black in big a to is next city a . building man walking 
walking building a is busy on man a sidewalk black . a past 
black leather a to in jacket walks big white city in building a next brick a . man a 
the distance buildings whilst into him looking people is between . man behind a walk 
a next grey a man brick to walking wall . 
kid bike jumping . fence a over a his is 
down fence porch a a a . the too jumps man close to bicycle stairway 
a man over bicycle . on rusty fence blue a jumping 
. in narrow village <unk> old 
the a and on is . bike boy fence blue above is 
threw chases man on a brown . behind beach dog something a him the 
a on the . beach man dog and a 
. in is that man a the a direction is running opposite with dog interacting 
with his beach dog fetch on playing a . man a 
beach running . dog the man behind a a on walking 
a brown white walking beautiful in grass . the dog 
the plays in grass . a dog white 
a short over . the grass dog walks white 
. grass its dog with out walks tongue white dead the the along 
outside walking dog white . 
wearing of tutu guys group four a 
tutus band in an performing <unk> 
that four all white white wear band skirts white members male outfits of a . pants <unk> over 
onstage a dressed in . perform musical act men tutus 
wearing tutus men onstage . guitars sing play and 
snowboarder a snowy in <unk> of the lone a middle 
of is man a red <unk> in snow a a and jacket goggles skiing in . 
he rides snow as a . his is up board snowboarder throwing 
is a wearing snowboarder a . mountain down orange going 
down mountain snowboarder covered snow . the the crashes 
is a camera a dog white and black chewing on . 
head on white black and its . a dog a rests camera 
a . with camera plays puppy a 
the black white on is black setting camera dog a the <unk> . and white chewing camera grass in and 
. black camera <unk> puppy white and 
green lawn shirt a on several crowds a in of people near jumping a person other . 
grass person the with green a . a high jumps over shirt 
in young shirt is a . a jumping boy green 
man green wearing a in shirt a the young air in jumping 
young with in arms air spread his knees . jumping boy bent and the 
dog playing beach a tennis on a ball brown a with 
dog in . with waves playing ball a a the 
beach with plays ball a dog . the a at 
on brown . plays the a a small with ball beach dog 
water brown on beach the dog jumping . near 
is ice rink boy hooded . in skating red on top ice a outdoor an a 
. black a skating a red rink a in hoodie ice pants child and in 
sweatshirt kid ice skating . a a in red 
in red sweatshirt skating kid ice 
skating . young boy in hoodie ice red 
biker a dirt through . rides some trees 
man . riding is woodland mountain bike through a a 
is biker a racing through a . <unk> trail mountain 
colorful a downhill a biker helmet . wearing mountain rides 
. mountain helmet in red rides through striped biker trees the 
city attire . large crowd street together in dressed a a gathers in <unk> 
. crowded people in dressed outdoor area in <unk> are a outfits 
street a crowded in costume are some through . people walking medieval 
older street <unk> dressed people of of scene elegant 
. a street of people outside gathering large there costumes is on in the 
of clowns <unk> . a <unk> 
clowns striking . are the for the camera pose a 
. bright in three multi-colored , costumes clowns 
. posing clowns next clown with plastic another to colorful <unk> three 
people a three city clowns dressed . up street as are in 
girl playing sidewalk the hoops is with close to little a road three hula on the 
in with girl on neighborhood hula a plays . hoop sidewalk a residential little the a 
of in a hula-hoops is a yard . small with a child playing neighborhood 
on hoop a . in neighborhood a sweater red sidewalk dressed hula a small a playing girl in 
hoop a using sidewalk is girl hula the the . on 
from people white on stands standing in field sports while watches crowd 
players surface <unk> a in of striped a large stretch . crowd on and in three uniform ball front green 
the large crowd are while field three players a is watching baseball on 
men . in sports a a front on crowd stand large of field three 
on a wearing a men grass of front three . stand white uniforms crowd in field 
piece art a man wearing blue holds of a shirt a up . 
holding . a art blue elderly man up in an is a piece canvas of shirt 
<unk> paper white man with black holding 
shirt the in a blue shows of the man . picture 
the man up the a in <unk> . rubbing blue holds and beret <unk> 
branch carrying a small . bird a black 
. branch while its a bird black in a tree beak small flies carrying 
bird leaves mouth air in a in black its . with the 
a with branch leafy mouth its . in bird black flying 
carrying . the its while bird in a is flying plant mouth 
. of hockey playing men a group 
hockey of one a . , player shot players taking a with team 
. shot taking with hockey one a players 
hockey waiting six players same the around puck are . team skating for of the 
an hockey progress there in . game is ice 
a parade . poses in uniform in a a cheerleader red 
a the white dancer dress red a . in camera for and posing 
poses in white a in and a parade woman red 
and in street middle red in of the . the standing woman a white 
performance outfit girl in colorful the young a street dancing down . wearing a a 
skateboard <unk> . handrail a down a on guy a 
a snowy down kid day . a railings skateboards a set on of 
snowboard railing . a a a rides steps snowboarder down flight beside of a 
snowboarder a a riding . down railing 
skateboarding down stair a railing boy winter in 
down a . man skiing hill a 
. snowy down a a man skis hill 
person a skis downhill . 
down dressed in the mountain speeds skier . a black 
closeup his the skier wide out side poles . to of a with 
pink coat snow white pants the snowboards park a " " person at and in . a 
and pants snowboarding person jacket is pink white a . wearing a 
pink wearing a a and snow a park white . at pants person parka 
snow a jumping snowbank in snowboarder is a over a park 
park at in a woman jacket white a snowboarding . 
a mouth tennis dog in brown a . running and its black ball is with 
dog a brown and on front in of running . in is with white a a fence ball its mouth grass 
white and a dog runs beside . mouth with fence in his ball a brown a tennis wooden 
ball mouth brown with a runs a dog . and in white tennis its 
ball brown a mouth in wooden a is dog fence its running with . by a 
a a stands . mountaintop man on 
in the foreground . and distance mountain peaks 
on sits stands . mountain another and a of summit the one person 
people . at top mountain the of a two 
of a people stand . peak at two mountain the 
in a coat man red a skiing . 
down man in skiing is a snow a . red slope 
snow man . coat wearing is a skiing red a the in 
red a a . mountain snow-covered on <unk> in skier 
top snow a moving and pants in a black red hill a down . skier 
the snow hill going the down in man a 
snow <unk> person . deep a through 
sliding downhill jacket a bright . green a in skier 
in through backpack and person jacket biking green snow 
. man is riding a snow a deep jacket bike the green wearing through 
wearing . <unk> shirt with american boy an with basketball a flag a a plays the on 
basketball . boy a with a 
young . basketball a playing boy 
with boy basketball shirt bounces . american flag 
ball dribbles . the in the playground the boy 
and green black his pants with in t-shirt . high skateboard a boy jumps 
jumping some on a steps guy a off , . skateboard 
of green shirt stairs skateboard a of jumping a on a a . set off in short person 
of a is front of step green taking skateboarder pink . a in jump a a shirt a building in 
on the air is . in skateboard he his 
. in jacket a snowboarding a person red 
snowy coat a wearing a . person down red a hill snowboards 
slope down . rides a in snowboarder the red 
boarding a jacket a hill is wearing red down . snowboarder snowy the 
the a is wearing snowboarder and jacket . black red helmet 
with dances clothing orange a in man woman . a a dress black in <unk> all 
dancing . in is a man suit a dress a black in woman with orange an 
dress orange man with woman bright a in dances 
dance . dancers together two 
. costume people two in dance 
grab air while the and trying a dog up a to a another dog midair in is holding is it . in treat watches man 
playing . is in two dogs man yard a his with 
. with a man playing brown dogs fetch two 
holds to the jump man in hand something up . dogs get to the his 
the is yard in playing man with the two . dogs 
people . bicycle racers on by being some <unk> 
spectators racers group cheering road bicycle of a passing . 
the complete on as cyclists . cheer a finish they to crowds race 
on people of bicycles a . group riding through onlookers 
a on . past riding racers crowd bikes 
a plays in boy headband . a drums 
near sitting behind drummer a <unk> someone a playing . guitar drum is a to 
a a white . concert man in headband the drums plays a at 
drums with playing a man . white a headband 
drums playing is the . boy 
players while a him from <unk> making . one team <unk> player basketball three a 
has player three the while white others ball and orange blue a . in <unk> basketball in 
basketball opposing . three to in from trying team men score orange player through the 
are a four basketball men playing game in . 
players with are player in white the ball the defending three attacking orange . against basketball in 
<unk> four by . backlit human are sunset a 
sunset men with four in . background a 
the sun and people . four 
whilst . in sunset are people the four silhouette watching 
sunset watch people the . four 
a . a on arm man his something in cooking a pan tattoo frying with 
with his into left man frying air arm a the a his flips tattoo food . pan on his with 
with bowl tattooed frying holds a a . <unk> person over a arm a pan 
pan holding a hands . frying 
the pan tattoos holding dirty the with a person . is frying 
and a a view on a off of surfer a <unk> far person . 
waves man a is watching . jet a the surfer ski ride a on 
wave a . person big surfing a 
looks ski a as an a on on in man a wave surfer of jet a <unk> . case catches 
red large a wave is shirt in a . surfer under a 
over is and . dog white grass a black running 
running through a dog yard the is 
running . dog is grass black a shaggy and the on white 
black a . is white green on dog yard and running the 
black and dog is the . outdoors white running 
scooter man and a vehicles a ride like woman 
scooters are a of and and man field woman . <unk> grass riding a through 
a are . female a male on in field of a adults and flowers two <unk> scooters yellow <unk> standing 
flowers in field on scooters . people a two of 
white and two wearing flowers over yellow the . helmets ride people 
on chain a beach boy a playing a at 
a with to water begins child a . over chain other on the side climb 
chain fence get to . to a child the water crossing a 
is climbing . leading a to open chain over a water child 
a beach boy on . young by the ropes 
front in a crowd of . <unk> scene 
. street shown group a large in is the 
a around . building people gathered of are lot a <unk> 
country in . busy <unk> marketplace an 
top tan there hanging colorful of front in are people with from a building <unk> of the lot . a 
<unk> park enjoying day in their at group a the a 
clothing . the a red ride on people in rollerblades down hill of group scooters with 
sweaters several the wearing in children red are park . riding tricycles 
people a down are traveling scooters several alike on dressed <unk> road . 
scooter a countryside . colored brightly is hill on down a riding rider the 
riders group a . street of on are bike riding the 
with street helmets riding on a riders of a bike group . 
through people . marathon a group of bicycles are a riding 
a a . riding race <unk> bike in an bike man 
many people are the , in in bike man including a . racing bicycle three-wheeled one 
pizza outside 's domino a a waits girl 
near wearing sign . a a girl 's pizza a domino hat 
domino purple 's at a and . sits a waits with beanie girl pizza 
a starring is purple in . girl little hat a 
and necklace is holding on the her to . standing outside girl 
and blue runs jeans boy a playground in across blue a a shirt 
boy the track on <unk> runs at . blue the jeans a in school 
on in a . track runs jeans a boy 
lines . runs on colorful boy a 
boy a running track small 
seat asleep bus in a a girl 
seat in up sleeps her on a a . , woman bus , <unk> 
woman asleep chair a is a a on . on bus 
asleep young a . train , a lady on 
. the sleeping is seat girl in the 
girl stands of in a sign that . with a window a front 's a <unk> pizza beanie domino 
is knit a with sign on pizza 's smiling woman cap near a . a domino 
sign a smiles in for cap woman to pizza a a . knit next young 
of 's the domino wall cap woman with a . knit pizza against stands a a young 
pizza the outside hat wearing a girl . a purple standing shop 
a the on a side mountain snowboarder of . jumping snowy lone 
scene a snow water of . and 
the in snowboarder air of . snow a jumping off 
deep over making a is a located in jump . the woods powder with hillside snowboarder a 
. snowboarder hill a the high over jumps snowy 
bicycle a dim forest in through a helmet racer . speeds full 
dressed through white forest in a . rides the biker 
races white a through turn mountain wearing . a biker 
motorbike , on riding through a person a the woods 
through bike a woods the riding 
bike a and does trick dirt . air into rider the a jumps 
to next fireworks . doing guy his on a tricks motorcycle 
midair the lone and air motorcyclist in the <unk> in legs flying jumping with a background in his 
motorcycle a high . a making jump <unk> 
the trick while around off a does go a stunt man in air fireworks up bike him 
is dog a . a pavement <unk> on brown sitting 
brown . a on relaxes a <unk> brick sidewalk 
street on cobblestone a dog lies a . down 
dog where a is are lying walking . people yellow near 
street the the is on dog lying . cobblestone 
looks a child into . bubble giant a 
a . poking kid yellow his bubble face inside a in 
bubble puts large head inside boy . asian a his 
his a bubble a boy sticking huge inside young head 
head in child a . yellow with shirt inside of large bubble 
a a young <unk> . vendor couple merchandise street from 
. around are <unk> food table a and a of gathering outside by <unk> people 
people of police three in the table a with food prepare full . car a background 
street people a two at look vendor . 
lights women a at dim and a food two in man . counter 
the on a water dock people two near sit . 
to other people each dock the sit a on next two sunset watching . 
two sit a dock on . people of end the 
middle a . people still the sit two the of water end dock on of in 
people dock two sitting on a . 
does a handstand on with a person a yellow snowboard ramp . a 
a snowboarder . a on doing handstand ramp a 
down a of of in during upside a his front a board crowd snowboarder from people maneuver . hangs 
in of stunt front . performing a is a of crowd a spectators snowboarder 
trick of a yellow the a snowboarder off pyramid . does 
men dark white on group . are of and running a shorts athletic shirts field an in 
jogging a of people uniforms around track in . group a matching 
soccer lap of run players a a group . 
. a cones around jog orange men team of 
in field of a on running a soccer around are . white players team sports cones strips 
watching do a snowboarder a of crowd people . tricks 
skateboarder watching crowd . a a 
a in large a crowd . of skateboarder performs a front trick 
a . snowboarder does watch spectators trick as a 
skateboard a showing front . is kid crowd on of his the in large off 
a yellow boy . ball a chasing 
a red striped a in deck wooden yellow shirt a child plays on and a black with . ball 
little soccer red a to a shirt about striped ball head boy a . in 
ball punching yellow is a a . boy young 
a a boy young . towards moving yellow ball 
a . a man <unk> on white surfboard surfs 
a . boy surfs 
a on boy wave . a surfs 
riding surfboard a a . wave a jumps over while man 
a in ocean the a person . on surfboard 
bull a <unk> <unk> of . the rodeo out a at 
in runs bull arena . an watch while a people 
a bull a in rides at a man rodeo . hat a cowboy 
<unk> . rider rodeo bull on 
with behind . fence him the yellow a bull running is 
over . water a speed the jumps boat in waves 
water <unk> the a . through <unk> 
a above waves people in . floating boat 
a is water in on someone speed the . boat 
people small motor water . drive on two choppy a boat 
. large over flying bird a white water 
flying <unk> water the a low over . 
swan above flying is water a . 
crane flying white the air some a over through . water 
white <unk> a sky into the flies . 
in runs jeans the little a . field girl across green 
a . the toward across little grass girl the trees runs 
running shirt and . blue grass jeans a through young the girl black wearing a 
wooded in dark person area . top <unk> walking and towards 
grass on girl . jeans the blue is running little the in 
dog between walking a . some the in is trees pine brown snow 
. brown snow a dog a on snowy trees near surface walking covered 
snow <unk> through a . <unk> is 
a covered tan . snow trees snow near the is in dog walking 
the standing the on dog into woods a . tan looking snow 
playing dressed in purple a man guitar 
standing in by playing guitar purple is a a case a purple man suit a . 
guitar for plays money man purple . a in a 
playing a . the guitar a standing man on is street 
open <unk> his for plays guitar with man the . a case 
indoor shirt an climbing a in green a . man climbs wall 
green man climbing a is obstacle . shirt in course a an 
. teenage climbs boy a wall an indoor climbing 
. climbs teenager a a wall rock 
climbing an wall indoor . someone climbs 
<unk> together heads wearing wrestling with men . gear their two 
. background other is by ; the standing wrestlers referee arms a two in by each grab the 
wrestlers and . put hands heads <unk> together two 
. to match about a start wrestlers 
wrestlers competition <unk> in 
forest . biker riding a a in 
his in misty bike jumps forest in a blue dirt man a . 
wooded bike person a in a helmet something . a area jumping is a over with 
forest off in ramp the biker . jumping a 
the in forest the person in is jacket blue riding the 
. races a biker 
. on a bike guy bmx a 
through a man a bike rides a . course 
frame bicycle a action . race a stop racer of in 
a shirt . and is silver bike wearing helmet red the rider 
a soccer people playing . bunch of 
and photo uniforms action red soccer <unk> players black of a in . 
a soccer air . player a in jumping during game 
uniform ball six and . airborne player in on with red soccer players field air the in 
block black red toward . it to and ball the <unk> the the <unk> team the team goal 
standing in rope dog in and with its building toy black , a front a . of white dog a red mouth 
poodle in . its a rope black mouth with red a toy 
. poodle in a mouth toy with a rope black its 
white red poodle black <unk> with and playing toy is . a a outside 
dog white toy carrying poodle red and black 
a black snowy dog yard <unk> a a fence . wooden in 
black leaps the fence dog snow through near . a a 
a dog . wooden on ground from black with away snow fence running the a 
a . dog the through black running snow 
running through . wooden is next red a black a wearing collar a to dog snow fence 
children . an <unk> structure inspecting 
of boys outdoor three inspecting metal piece a furniture 
a three inspecting patio table children . 
playing children three metal . with furniture 
on . three boys working piece deck a a small on furniture of 
girl smiles pauses a next white and the also camera drawing balloon camera smile the , at to to a on the boy . in him at 
girl the on boy for camera . brunette a drawing faces white and while balloon smile a 
drawing man young . on girl is a a and balloon white smiling is a 
. smiling people dark two hair with 
smile young camera the at . adults two 
toy a plays little on basketball girl . a game 
where . man a playing beer is little basketball holding throws girl a a 
red in baby game the middle . a basketball arcade the of is in the outfit sitting 
the under is . the man throws the basket the sitting while little girl ball 
. <unk> a there is shooting a toddler to man next 
is being by . a sea boy splashed wave a large the in 
two by a the ocean getting wave hit in kids 
the two are people in waves . 
covers in wave them . two the people the surf as 
two people beach a at over the large wave <unk> 
<unk> for picture hands two pose girls and a . 
in girls clothes hands orange holding two 
two outfits orange wearing . hands and hold smile girls 
are . that two holding hands smiling girls 
hold orange two dresses hands . women wearing 
a is boy a on . park his trick a in doing skateboard 
park doing ollie in a a . a skate kid 
in . on the a jump a skateboard is man performing park a 
in the a . front background a doing a with three people of skateboarder trick in ramp 
a the skateboarder trick . is a doing pavement on 
a adults wood surrounded . , group by wilderness in chairs of talking lawn sit 
mountain chairs in the sitting in a . of with group background a 6 are people 
sitting in people at of patio on . mountains lounge chairs looking group 
people chairs lawn outside several talking in . 
relax porch of . with mountains view a a people on several the 
off in something in who between are . stands taking pictures a woman pink women of camera two 
, . three which two pictures are older taking women of 
take . of women three an object tourists pictures 
. one pictures two taking and is are watching ladies 
watches with pictures camera . while two another female older females older taking their 
down skiers sun <unk> in group the a cast with slopes <unk> of jumping 
over looks two while <unk> jump the a into one are going . people camera 
mound jumping underneath . <unk> two bright skiers of snow a are over 
. while tricks skiers poses behind jump two third a attempt their 
man . jumping people ramp looking ahead two straight skiing a and a 
riding a a horse . barrel <unk> a cowgirl 
a woman pink horse shirt . a rodeo in wears in rides a a 
is in shirt a a ridding a hat . cowboy woman horse competition a pink wearing a and 
in shirt a someone a a pink in brown . horse rodeo riding is 
red horse a the rodeo barrel is . at the next to brown 
street walk down costumes . people of they a wearing group as the jump 
the in of a . group <unk> <unk> as street a watches crowd dance clad performers 
and a clothes dancing people wearing . parade multi-colored in 
red pants dancers and street in blue . 
women kick at high in <unk> two parade . a 
a is dusk at . skateboard guy on a a stunt doing 
. skateboard doing trick guy on a , a 
. man his ledge black wearing rides a the skateboard a shirt a top along of 
skateboarder a . in mid-jump 
does a trick near skateboarder a construction site . the 
a into down roof and yellow a snow on pants is in a a . coming snowboard person the green jacket 
goes snowboarder . a a up ramp 
the a snow in . of an side <unk> snowboarder house buried slides down 
up the someone . a snowboards barn of roof 
green of the building off a . the does trick snowboarder side a large 
dressed child . sits a snow in the cold for the 
snow in the . a sits red in child 
a backyard a sits a snowsuit . in a snowball in red girl on little 
with in snowsuit mittens kitty hello kid red little 
small large and . a while the snowsuit sitting gloves girl snowball red the hello on kitty smiles in 
a man ride helping bicycle a a boy . 
how a ride a showing little a is bicycle blue . boy man to 
boy to over bent the bicycle blue man and a young a bicycle <unk> . on a making 
young holding sits in yellow boy while on shirt man it bike 
yellow boy man this for is bicycle shirt blue a young in adjusting . the 
purple had his wall a in man a climbs hands rocky a . with 
climbing hat man rock a is a . purple a with 
<unk> hand climbs wall hat purple with man a of a rock a and 
climbing a in is young man snow rock cap . a purple 
man this climbing young rock is 
. rock a climbs a man 
man climbs in a forest rock darkened green in a . a 
forest a rock a in man scales the . 
rock a man climbing 
. the wooded shirt rock climbs in large in a the blue a man area 
rock a a in woods is on blue . in man climbing jacket the a 
dark forest in rock large a blue climbs jacket a person a a in . 
person in a climbing is a . forest a rock 
in forest the a rock climber . 
up blue in a woman rock a climbing big . is 
dog white pavement mouth stick with haired its a in runs . curly little a across the 
poodle mouth a in . stick a a carrying running its beach along 
its in runs a a mouth . haired white stick curly with dog 
across stick a . while running in white land flat is dog carrying a mouth its 
curly the white with runs sand with a . on a dog hair stick 
skiing child . a goes 
alongside a girl skiing an adult young 
<unk> a a . young the an snow <unk> in from skier adult 
and man skiing child . 
girl to ski instructor ski the is . knees little 's her the on bend teaching stand and her how 
and of area under a <unk> group gather a <unk> . people in 
on of for the bus bench sit a waiting people . group a , 
the zoo exhibit . a observe people covered at animals in 
people . sit benches on 
her taking mother people cellphone canopy are the with a sitting a a on the ; is . of child picture the under bench 
snow . a in farm and dog on the a a play fallen cow 
. barks fence jumping cow watches snow another black and in as dog a the a cow 
. much snow running them throwing , dogs can so be that <unk> one the he through are snow three of seen up 
snow the three in playing . dogs 
a . fence in running snow dogs towards the three 
bird off takes a beautiful . in flight white 
the descending from sky bird a 
grey white and on body with a landing wings a bird lake water is . 
. its bird midair a black wings and in white stretches 
the <unk> white wings with over . up bird a water its lifted 
blanket man . sleeping a a yellow baby a with holds 
a a man baby black and . yellow a sleeping with shirt holding a in <unk> hat 
a sits a a with in an sofa man on infant hat . 
a baby a a man with hat and and . glasses 
a sleeping blanket wrapped on holding man baby a in sits sofa 
a the plays girl a . brown in in snowsuit snow baby 
playing snow a her girl smiles . in while in little snowsuit the 
smiles stands in a . the and snow child small 
is toddler smiling a playing suit . beige whilst a snow in the in 
standing snow child the smiling in . 
bounds black a snow the in a dog path through . 
dog the tracks jumping . tire snow over black in a 
a black snow dog . the in jumps 
black leaps . dog a in the snow above air the 
dog the near the a jumps woods dark across . snow 
huge runs in carrying through in a its a . black a the stick mouth grass puddle dog 
is splashing <unk> dog black . grass carrying through stick a a 
with black a water runs the dog in of stick out mouth a . its 
with stick water in running in dog mouth 
is . the swampy running through with pieces wood black its of mouth a dog area 
building a sits red while man . a by smoking 
and a on red a drinking cigarette . building a sits smoking man 
sitting jacket man a a cigarette and smoking a wearing 
cigarette his takes hand hand in a young a holding <unk> jacket <unk> a . his wearing man while left right <unk> <unk> dark a a in and from cup 
. this smoking outside man is 
running is across and muddy brown . field a dog black a 
and black brown a . runs dog 
no dog the dirt tail a in . runs with 
dog road lone in a dirty a running 
he tan has . black chasing something spotted dog the and is 
<unk> . a laughing a a man using woman and <unk> 
the blow on about one other girl to a <unk> laughs while . , 
one prepares to in . foreground in background another blond smiles the <unk> woman blow hair while with a the 
sitting . together two women 
girl <unk> blowing beside woman . party with her a young laughing 
falling a wave in ocean man an over 
's a waves plays swimming . trunks in in the ocean man 
falling is waves into a man . 
wave surfer a a board of into falling his 
a shorts ocean the over young jumping man swim in wave in a is . 
white black , player attempts jumps while another to . in in a block basketball 
the another holding ball boy trying get a wearing is while a behind him jersey basketball to black one 
fighting basketball the players over . two ball 
a two . basketball basketball players over fighting male are 
play crowd looks young basketball men two while on 
jumping a little and up down . boy is 
a jumping boy young 
inside a a child house in young . jumping off a is room yellow a stool 
in jumping up shirt camouflage boy pants orange and 
orange foot with small stool off . shirt yellow , jumps indoors of little boy 
studio <unk> group of . a are young dance in a 
look class as jumps a little in ballet on others girl in two 
dance , in three black , little dressed girls class are a pink white at and 
. three girls <unk> young ballet 
dance . young practicing girls are 
the black dog running . red a collar snow in in a 
red . is dog snow a a on black with running collar the 
the red collar snow with a . dog in a black plays 
snow a branch the front . dog <unk> of a in leaps in tree 
in playing black snow . cute doing 
ramp a skateboarder huge a . skateboarding lone jumping 
dressed black man while wearing on in performs a inline all skates trick a rail a . 
a inline skater . an ramp on doing a jump 
makes skateboarder off jump ramp a a a . 
over is a . the ramp jumping skateboarder 
a on . beach dogs a of bunch 
running on beach . the dogs are several 
running dogs on sandy beach six the . 
six dogs beside . the beach walking 
. dogs a some running on are <unk> beach 
dogs the snow in playing 
. three are snow the dogs in 
the , two in dogs blond three , run one black . and snow 
the snow through three race dogs 
enjoy . the large a romp dogs in three snow 
a kicks . soccer on a a field man ball 
wearing along blue . a field a a ball a man kicks shirt green soccer 
soccer a plays blue man . wearing 
. shirt ball <unk> in is a the soccer kicking player blue a 
in <unk> . soccer playing t-shirt man 
snowboarding guy in guy . air a jump while the another is watching 
yellow a on while a doing a cap in a watches pants . in person snowboard tricks person orange is 
snowbank a snowboarder on a sits person . watching high a leap a take 
as a in watches person does a air trick fancy the snowboarder a 
high . in performing snowboarder area trick air the in snowy a a 
player . for a goal the aims basketball 
gets a to shoot . ready player basketball 
. the the air to jumped shoot basketball in basketball player has a 
. basketball white ball in the throw to a player audience back , the in jumping 
shooting basketball . a there is player a jumped college 
of girl little the a asian older asian an hand lady . holding 
, asian in holds off-camera girl 's . woman little area hand points <unk> 
hand woman trying little to holding show a pointing her a . girls is to something 
a of points . the and girl hand towards bushes the woman small holds a 
hand woman . the bush a the girls is holding near 
a bird the water across . flies 
lake a a bird over . white flies 
a <unk> water above bird the . white 
white a flies crane water over . 
<unk> over bird . water the low flies the 
leaping tree a . dog stump a over is 
. stump tree dog off a a jumps 
jumping of off a a stump small tree and brown dog white 
, dog the wearing brown bandanna , white and a a . air through jumps 
dog a . tree is over stump leaping white a 
snowboarder off air snowy a a high into the jumps of . ramp 
a a ramp snowboarder . jumps off 
snowboard air performing on the . man trick high a a in 
on coat person in purple making . a jump snowboard a a 
landscape . snowboarder ramp off jumps icy high over 
yellow a path . a snowy car across drives 
yellow in car a quickly drives the . snow 
through driving snow of yellow lot a car a 
yellow is through a car <unk> . snow 
yellow snowy speeds along a . car field a 
a in a . and runs <unk> pink dog purse teeth black his 
is pink mouth grass the a its running with . purse on in dog a black 
brown toy dog . pink retrieves a a 
in in . little its the pink a purse a running with mouth is black dog grass 
aqua purse wet pink . the dog with <unk> handles has the 
shed posing near a a picture for people of a rocks on are bunch 
a of and a sit group for rocks pose on . friends picture 
on shed five rocks the sitting a near wooden people 
to sitting , and men one . a four house women the some on left rocks wooden 
in . for friends sitting photo the rocks 
a sign . a under couple standing 
on a top hill front in a couple of . a stands of sign wooden 
people of marker . in outside wooden a standing front two 
. two people cross stand to on wood grassy a next a hill 
people in a of front . stand large hillside a cross wooden two grassy on 
is playing . snow black a in dog the 
a . playing near link black snow dog a jumping and in chain fence the 
digs in . <unk> to a the next forest a fence snow a and black 
poodle a black snow with playing the is . 
the . the in dog plays snow black 
runs . the through snow black a dog 
in the snow . a poodle black frolics 
snow is in the black . running a poodle 
a in the plays black snow poodle . 
<unk> running black fenced-in yard a poodle a in . snow the through 
air in uniform player a the male soccer and pulling . his wearing jumping a shorts red up 
pulls player shorts soccer up . a his 
wearing a player costume . makes red gesture <unk> a soccer an 
of and in . pull and uniform legs blue sports red shorts up jumping man shoes 
<unk> the see the man up his soccer underwear of . <unk> pulling is white the he red can jersey shorts wearing 
. in perform <unk> two white dressed 
dressed players white guitar two in 
in men two guitar on a stage white . suits the play 
<unk> . white two , men guitar the floor on wearing all kneel 
guitar onstage suits men wearing white play two . 
of the looking same direction inside in <unk> a students full . is a structure <unk> 
group and sit of . a mostly uniform shirts children wearing white wait 
students listens to of class front in of the uniforms . group the a <unk> 
in direction . are large all staring same the a of group girls 
with . girls books the of are listening young front them in 
woman white line sun baseball tan a <unk> in hat to a a hat wears her who her , friend 
green white . is red purse a white in shirt t-shirt talking a and a to and hat woman a basket woven hat with a red a in woman 
in with hat hat white a a woman tan a . in girl young older an 
. carrying to girl in basket green a woman standing the the in is asian is next white 
looking arm at left the woman on the . the two women of 
in yellow , boards one , playing ocean body are red shorts in boys . two one with and the in shorts 
ocean boarding the in . boogie children practicing two are 
<unk> standing are deep with water . in children two 
the two small young boys . with in water surfboards 
two young stand boogie boards knee water with deep . in boys 
over a is . snowboarding man a pipe 
can man upturned an a in over the garbage snowboards . woods 
in a blue with light a pants and . black appears snowboard the <unk> jacket in a air person 
snowboard trashcan a in jumping on . a a riding snowmobile over is a air the person 
garbage upturned jumps . a snowboard over an can 
woman hair . braids one a another woman <unk> on <unk> makes <unk> while a 
. are setting shelter three grass people inside a 
. three village women in a sit 
woven walls women sit together near three . 
girl setting a two <unk> third . girls in village 
camels . some and bunch a people of 
in are and group men of water camels . front some of some a 
men on . with gather beach camels a 
beach camels a . at and people 
on people beach and standing sitting and camels 
down skateboard no a a slides dune on boy a with blond . wheels sand 
runs a child down a looks on another while dune blond sand . 
a down girl blonde sandy surfing a hill 
another is a incline stands woman behind . while down woman an snowboarding 
a sandy person . a hill sliding down young 
white the on the wearing mountains into a lone . a jumping jacket snowboarder snowy air 
in of air through leafless a . front flies snowboarder the trees 
air a . gets snowboarder some 
green a the snowboarder a high pants jacket air and jumping . in in is white 
on green a the . snowboard is in white in air someone pants 
his is skier skis with a airborne . crossed 
the skier jumping a performs . a trick slopes on 
through . on a air man over flying the skis mountain 
is . a skiing the jump doing man while 
on some a the is skier air there getting . slopes 
with the . playing legos are boys 
the a legos with clear boys play plastic blond from bin sofa background with two . a in 
two . legos with boys play 
box playing kids . legos with of two are a 
with a legos of at a are box table . two boys little 
carries his in follow him dog <unk> dogs a fruit other mouth two some while . 
two it dogs ball by is being dog chased more carries one as . a 
ball brown park dog getting three play dogs with . the the the in 
ball . has dog that chase a another dogs two 
his in ball and a dogs runs has after mouth chase another them . from dog large that two 
man on grinding a snowboard ramp . a is a 
jump a on a skier snowy ski 
riding a amidst snowboarder ramp is snow down . a 
. a go a snowboarder prepares over to ramp 
hillside on practice snowboarding snowy a 
child her holding a is a train . on mother 
holding the person the window out a at baby a . points camera 
woman a sitting a in bus the and are of window seat . baby 
train baby of inside holding a a woman the window a young 
shown family through snack window , a young eating a . 
the a of shop . down a is coffee man beside looking black jacket a in window 
jacket a in down dark looking . man a 
looking wearing man jacket down a black . a 
down looking black sweater is man a . a and shirt wearing 
looking black a man older jacket an in down . 
guy forest a in motorbike of a distorted a picture a on 
bike forest the guy on . a in a 
black motorcycle on helmet a in wearing . a a woods the man 
in mountain a forest biker the . 
forest mountain riding a through . a biker 
a jump in midair cyclist . a 
white a he a the man and bike <unk> a wearing on yellow blue air a in and is . helmet 
their a bicycle ridden person air the into has . 
. a jumps riding a above a high air person through the bumpy bike racetrack 
a air up . trail dirt over riding a in the and someone is bicycle hill 
dog black water and stick is with muddy white a . a in 
dog its in is . some tree water a mouth with a branch in 
the of . very dog branch is a a large water out <unk> 
the mouth a in water is through a . dog walking carrying its stick large 
stick with white muddy mouth in black and , . in water outdoors dog 
man a shirt a a . stands a man black red to in blue robe next in black 
a cloth wearing . a man stands a to cloth blue wearing red man a next 
black in <unk> . neighborhood men 
<unk> a shop in . a <unk> two and blue pose red picture outside for <unk> 
building in one , front two one in in and stand blue red a people , of . 
busy street a a bikers of on line 
busy of street and riders . full cars bike 
side five traffic in man with from the bikes the people . watching of on road 
. highway on asian group spotted cyclists of an 
. in race a <unk> men the of ride streets bicycle through 
cap with ready a her . stands a knit , girl boy sled behind push a a little to in green 
a . frame through two children are riding snow <unk> on 
on play . children on road a day snowy the two 
kids riding sleds on two 
snow children down <unk> the two young sleds . 
person <unk> the <unk> snow in on , boy . bundled , up one , a a 
in sitting in a . the snow sled a blue on child 
on a . a the kid sits skiing in device snow 
a . is small riding on child <unk> a 
in on a , a type . the child machine snow there is sled 
a in stick in its holds . dog large woods mouth the a 
large . dog stick a mouth takes in its a 
stick pulls out dog a water . white a large small of the 
out and large to pug . of biting some white water a dog a is stick pull trying 
the dog . stick pulling large is a white 
girl on talking a while cellphone a on a . sidewalk walks 
. phone a while the walking talking on woman 
talking a book . woman a a on walks with cellphone while 
woman on talks cellphone and her . wearing a a blue coat walks 
. jacket ski the the in girl walking is near buildings the 
wings spread . a with bird soars 
white blue the is flying through pointy feathers air a and with and long . beak bird a 
in a bird mid-flight <unk> . 
green backdrop foliage flies bird <unk> . white of a the 
flying over white trees a bird 
with other one boy each . black white and around boy stand one arms 
one , arm arm white standing two one and in boys , black . 
other and two pose around boys put . arms each their 
, and , other young around . two one their with arms black standing boys white are one each 
around another one young two arms boys with their . 
on a someone 's a waving fan is stage on woman . says to <unk> a shoulders sitting that <unk> 
in a <unk> at shoulders performer concert blue . of a with sitting a jeans onstage on woman is another the person as man he 
man points holding up to his a woman hand a onstage 
is the of in a in a at microphone man a who points standing woman the with stage her on front a microphone audience 
event . <unk> <unk> at man onstage <unk> gestures with <unk> woman 
in a . a bike rider of front a blurred hill <unk> top of 
green one hilly . area bicyclists blurry is a ride near , on two a road 
across the . bike bikers countryside two 
. in people bike ride countryside two 
, and people two ride sleeves wearing , long helmets downhill . bikes 
logo . surfing shirt monster with man is the a 
surfer a . is numerous waves riding 
a surfer a wave . <unk> on 
rides on a . a very rough wave surfer 
person on surfboard surfing a white . 
looks rocks man man another an and a in hat and jacket in is while blue yellow shoveling on a orange . vest 
orange with rocks is vest . an man shoveling a 
watches . shovels while with vest another yellow man rocks a man a 
vest vest an . blue while one watches orange one worker a shoveling rocks construction in another in 
shoveling a . man the , rocks vest is worker wearing , 's 
plays guitar with white a in a a shirt man with striped . another 
plays guy sings while one . another guitar 
men . in a playing band two are 
singing one guitars while each is men two playing performing 
corner of young the guitars in room . playing a two are men 
in . with a woman shirt purple a man subway the and sits on smiles a 
subway sitting man an in and a are oriental train woman . 
on three <unk> a train . sit 
are people subway on car sitting three . a 
two a guys and are . is lady sitting sleeping 
to . a shirt a <unk> man white in next smokes a <unk> 
smoke a of a building is man outside a lighting . 
<unk> man <unk> . in lighting a a a near cigarette an 
a cigarette a dock lights a near . a loading man <unk> on 
a outside is man a building cigarette of the . back the lighting 
along . the a beach runs dog waves a near 
white . dog the along shoreline and a runs brown 
a dog is . on white beach and running tan a 
a rocks on white dog running wet . is 
a along a white river side dog running 
. band a <unk> man five is 
sat group a their kids and instruments played of around . 
playing in darkened group . room of instruments a men , a musical 
is band . practice <unk> <unk> 
microphone and instruments gathered several a around men . musical are 
white . a and on a performing black is dog course tricks 
a mouth ball runs by . course a its with collie in border a 
is course in blue a dog obstacle running behind an man stands a . while 
dog a in mouth through ball small with . a running course a its 
black . shirt dog man blue on white a mat and watching there running a is a in a with 
man . a boys poses a in young two with costume 
posing along are in an boys costume <unk> two with a adult 
pose boys an with two action . <unk> 
<unk> are picture a with the posing young for <unk> a two from . boys power 
young a dressed a power <unk> posing . two are boys person as with 
dogs the are through the running water 
white . dogs black through three field a and watery running 
. running through a dogs puddle three 
through run dogs field three . <unk> a 
grass . run and three through dogs water 
a dog field a in . 
grass and playing a dirt dog in large is . brown the 
position striped tiger . <unk> side dog looks a to the a in and stands 
toward dog shadow a looks 
yard the is in the . dog 
a <unk> in the on whilst . harness a from a across suspended <unk> moving water is board a man 
in a a man is lake wakeboarding 
wave . <unk> a kite man a surfing 
man a wakeboarding 
doing is trick the and a parasailing man . 
dogs on skis group two of a people . with 
other a . hat <unk> for with dressed poses man a and skis a three people in a picture on dog 
on holding standing . with a brown four , people others front of shoulders each snow dog them in 
people in costumes . are on dressed skis 
. mountain in snowy costumes , people some dogs , a on dressed and 
in . the snow a child 
. child a the in snow walking 
snow with hat a in person . in stands the blue a trails 
young a . tracks in across the snow boy walks 
a green hat the blue through . walking snow while and child jacket wearing is 
. on has a just in <unk> the a uniform baseball player the baseball blue sidelines 
teammate is action a baseball . nearby an following a player with through 
. to a ball <unk> baseball throw player a 
boy in glove a uniform his throwing and <unk> to <unk> close . while body a baseball white baseball his a blue 
throwing ball the . baseball player is blue the wearing 
a running in field dog wet a . dry 
. white running black dog outside and 
dog the the is and white running . brown <unk> though 
dog running of is with mouth the out his tongue his hanging . 
field running through black a dog white the . and is 
the a while drives it another man man . falls of off into and mud a motorbike 
team a . sidecar a and on are motocross around muddy riding circuit bend bike a 
out during sidecar the the a . into falls race of the man puddle 
off dirt a two puddle one mud falling riding . is a men and bike into 
motorcycle racing people the a sidecar are . mud in two 
in next a vest a . sign standing advertising orange to an is man <unk> 
security . stands a in sign by a a vest man 
hi-viz is . and jacket a orange in yellow a beside man sign standing 
. a sign at a security guard points 
. bright orange security a advertisement beside standing a guard 
. its a is flapping the bird water wings on 
its flaps with green a water wings duck the head . a in brown 
wings green in water headed flapping its the duck . a <unk> 
duck wings . flapping 
out the <unk> duck . swimming in water 
black and surfing a blue a . is girl in wetsuit 
a a woman boarding water , blue is black and wetsuit in , . 
a wave surfer a on a white riding woman large surfboard 
striped suit a surfing a a and is wave black blue on woman wearing . 
woman waterskiing is a young 
two dog have . , <unk> brown outdoors and on black red dogs object tug 
they a dogs house on toy as same the are three all stand behind . tugging 
over others the in outside building , and large black three a dogs a grass brown the , toy tussle red one . 
black with . a and object dog dogs two tugging are red a their mouths brown at 
black on tugging brown mouth toy are . that dogs dog in red a 's two is a 
water a wetsuit . a the <unk> in grey in haired 
are a group trying of wave catch in to <unk> . a surfers 
man alongside others the through running doing the . water a is same 
. goggles wave <unk> wearing through group a a people and of crashing 
the . wearing swimmers getting to are race swimmers ready black 
during a player with rugby rugby a a runs female match . ball 
a after field along the children is the group of holding uniforms run . one who ball wearing 
. children football play 
are a in <unk> . game people young 
are in a in rugby . young game uniform people playing 
talking . of group people <unk> a 
in in a group five of all a people dressed <unk> black young room 
<unk> a black <unk> people having five room white are in plain in clothes a . of 
talking and women two three . men 
with in one people , hair <unk> except dressed <unk> for blonde of black , clothes and brown hold woman two <unk> . 
. yellow an in girl orange slide small slides down a 
at down sliding girl yellow a , slide playground a a red <unk> . in dressed young 
a slide on an girl young orange 
down orange sliding a girl young slide an 
an girl orange playground sliding slide . little down 
with having . <unk> a plaza people several busy 
stand a business crowd . people in of a <unk> talking 
of of group . front people stand in a winter a large in building coats 
chatting a of city people group . plaza small in a is 
scene and a <unk> with <unk> of street people . many 
eats out jar a . dog a butter of peanut 
a of butter eating dog is peanut . a jar out 
dog a jar licks the . peanut butter 
peanut butter licking . white dog up tan and a small 
. licking is butter the the jar dog peanut inside 
a trick skateboard doing a . is outdoors boy 
a going ramp and brown a man hat , shirt pants a on is down a wearing . skateboard red 
slope . is a a a on jump skateboarder performing 
skateboarder . highway a rail jumps guard a over 
a . skateboarder fence jumping over 
and shows to woman newborn young a a a girl off baby . boy 
a woman holding two with baby around children her a 
baby newborn <unk> children . adult held and by a an the two adult 
women baby boy little a a and , . , two 
holding . look on girl woman boy young baby and and 
picture posing a of a for . people group 
with a <unk> in tank a woman white . top a man 
a a with young woman camera a digital top a in taking as and . shorts man a picture is watches white 
their camera to , . party <unk> at backs the a 
are and at woman the outside night . man talking 
in at watch night street parade another a man . and person shadow a 
other <unk> in the while man are wearing distance . men sits a shirtless 
watching . are people other a that something doing man 
standing sidelines blue man . is the looking signs on holding the people at 
people in . crowd them watching two front the of 
. to a people wall a looking on photographs are each and group speaking other at of 
photographs people a an show art of at group of 
the people wall of photographs a at to looking and group <unk> another talking group . 
some the and people photographs on around are there wall . are gathered 
. white people several wall of pictures a in on are with it front standing 
a dog digging through snow black and the . brown 
digging . in the snow is black dog a 
a digging dog in snow black . is the 
is dog . a rubbing face its snow the in 
. a face dog snow its rubs black in large the 
. dogs hind play the in on the legs snow 
two jump snow on other . the each in dogs 
the be hugging two in to dogs . play snow and appear 
two playing snow . dogs in 
in wrestle in a snow two . fenced-in area the dogs 
on grassy . lambs a hill 
white , one one one three spotted black lambs are <unk> . , and there 
in field three a . lambs are 
along walk . the young three sheep hill grassy 
the in young sheep grass . 
jumping dog snow stick black the a to ground off is catch . in a 
the for . frisbee a snow in a dog jumping 
a a in the dog to catch toy jumps . snow 
a snow dog in the plays . 
. the in snow catch black air a the toy jumping to into dog 
the in . dog a something mouth in hot snow brown pink its has 
dog . hat snow holding a in pink a the brown 
is pink in holding snow a dog brown a shirt the . 
through the its a pink mouth dog something carrying snow in walking while is . 
. a in mouth with dog forward something looking is its pink 
a a through bike a city top riding in bald man tank . 
a man light with a on headphones bicycle sits stop at . a on 
a <unk> riding on road bicycle at a blue a main man stops . a 
man headphones a . bike riding sunglasses with and 
to and bike man riding the is . music his listening 
<unk> water across a watercraft by person . is pulled being the 
a the wakeboarding in . water person 
. a wakeboarder 
by silhouetted sunlight the waters a . man on riding board calm the is 
a is surfing there . at man night 
black with a the in coat snow man a . red a in a and woman black white in dog and a coat 
and dog . a snow two the in people are 
. holding an two has interacting of is object with one people a them that bitten dog are 
. two with a are a dog people up walking snowy hill 
. playing on two a hill people snowy 
. dive the a a air sky person three in team performing stunt 
people are three parachutes wearing together the . , <unk> sky , through 
. in clouds the formation <unk> above three are 
sky . in <unk> <unk> of holding hands 
are clouds over parachuting people . two white 
. walks a water dog brown rock through and a toward wades 
through a a <unk> . outcropping water has rock to reach shallow dog 
light with its paw splashing . is water the a brown in dog 
about a ready <unk> swim . brown a is after to small dog water the 
a shallow yellow water in . dog 
. baseball swings a a player baseball at 
. a ball swing prepares at a to batter 
white and field uniforms baseball on blue in <unk> are . playing the 
catcher . crouches <unk> behind baseball 
. and mitt the bat catcher in his the man out blue a is jersey holding holding the dark , is 
the the a porch swing sits on . a a lady on girl her ground while by in yard sits 
sit a yard . fallen a with bench on woman covered and child a in leaves 
a large red in girl blue swing and shirt front of on a a woman house a a and are shirt bandanna in in sitting a 
child and the the in have yard <unk> . moment mother a 
girl and on a wooden swing <unk> sitting 
is in red purple wearing . bike a purple on a and a blue woman helmet 
woman down helmet wearing a . a a incline rides her steep bike 
purple on a doing bike purple on ramp wearing trick a woman a a 
<unk> helmeted the a girl bike . on 
bicycle a on the . a with is a trick ramp woman performing 
. carries dog a woods branch a black tree through the 
black holding small dog a . branch a 
his wooded a area long stick the and <unk> black . carries dog brown in mouth a in 
dog . large a a stick carries 
rottweiler in stick woods mouth a his carries long through the a very . 
a valley a looking a is and sitting down . green mountain man over atop 
sits in a grassy man . and a observes the area landscape below 
edge a . looking the sits hills man out on on while a cliff 
overlooking <unk> a sits hill the . on man a 
edge a cliff the overlooking . on valley man deep sits a a of 
rest a of scenic view . group overlooking a people cliff on a 
people group relaxing a a overlooking hill on of a of top traveling . range 
. a a on and , man backpacks women three mountain with sitting 
a of are at four top people sitting . the hill 
a . a grassy overlooking relaxing valley hill rocky people four on 
and are shirt climbing in shirt in a . a child one on tie a white <unk> a wall 
is shirt child wall another <unk> climbing child in rock a a with . a 
the . <unk> rock children at climbing take a 
rock climbing children two wall . a climbing 
a wall climb kids two rock . 
game play boys soccer . in a wearing hats 
one soccer , competition in boys and blue red in two with 
soccer are children two playing 
red two are . playing jerseys kids in soccer 
uniformed two play soccer . boys 
a the sitting at bottom few . grassy a hill of people 
rest of people near group a and hill . a cliff 
a on of side huge the grassy a of group . mountain sitting people 
top on a of people of hillside . group sitting a 
to gathered green is countryside . are down people sit the where hilly the 
white . near a smaller brown dog <unk> a his dog head outdoors is 
a dog small a large dog brown white . and 
in field playing and small large . the dog 
in <unk> dog . the dog field large small the the 
. two dogs 
a set airborne above on in boy setting skateboard . rails is industrial an a his of 
some skateboard . <unk> air boy along the tracks a a in with jumping if 
over track a trick skateboard railroad doing . man a a 
the along <unk> skateboarder tracks a a train . does 
. a tracks doing train on a jump skateboarder 
skier leaning downhill a slalom turn a through . 
hill a a down skiing snowy . person 
steep skiing red gear , and blue person a wearing . , a slope white down 
on sharp a a a making turn . skier slope 
sliding the slalom side skier he on his the is attempts as 
shirtless a man doing skateboard . a trick is 
shirtless a rides man . a skateboard 
in shirtless man . skateboarding the air with his a arms 
a ledge shirtless skateboards a . man on 
the night skateboarder skating the enjoys park skate . at 
water of the a pool a young girl jumping out at 
a her girl <unk> young head over in her public hair a pool 
<unk> hair her . head her over girl back swimming pool in 
of pool <unk> while . out water a girl in hair 
watermelon swimsuit flips from , pool hair emerges little . in and wet girl 
white a swimsuit the wearing . amidst in water waves stands man gray a 
surfer crashing . wave a a stands in 
. surfs a surfer 
in crashing a with water swimsuit a . man behind young him 
. the young in man jumping shorts with black waves ocean 
a hockey goal . in a the goal game defending 
puck ready . hockey goalie a for the 
and guarding player a black uniform goal in the . white hockey a 
guarding . a person goal a hockey 
is in dressed a strip the goal hockey . <unk> ice red 
. up group people a colorfully dressed of 
costumes bright wearing group colorful people and stand while a of . 
front white in four costumes wearing of . standing colorful building are a people 
outfits people colorful dressed . <unk> pose for <unk> the in very camera <unk> 
and . costumes people in colorful masks 
of painted front a . bending <unk> costume person woman a in a in with is feathered down green 
. topless front a woman in a green <unk> painted in woman of with costume is a standing 
the walking are around people street in . in costumes 
costumes and on in people the outside two green sidewalk red . are dressed 
the on two . <unk> standing people costumes street in 
launches skateboard <unk> his off a . ramp man a 
trick . with a no skateboarder attempts on a shirt 
handrail . a a doing a trick on skateboarder 
. grinds a the skateboarder rail 
while the . does rail trick skateboard on riding teen 
the wearing gear in air . snow protective person a on above snowboard a 
on a snowboarder . a a <unk> snowboard doing jump 
a attempting is <unk> . a ski a snowboarder on jump run 
a pink whilst is on a <unk> a riding snowboard performing . jump 
jump a trick his , board pink a does snowboarder with and black & makes blue a . 
blocks while stick white hockey goalie puck . a the a holding 
hockey . a goalie on ice the crouches 
hockey goalie a ice game on the a in . 
. the from puck goal player tries to block a hockey the 
on his hockey down knees goalie looking 
an does tricks under overpass . bicycler a 
area . into bmx a jumping <unk> a 
a boy with does a a filled . on on graffiti bike ramp stunt a 
is on in a bike high the air doing stunt a boy . a 
a overpass . an stunt bicycle graffiti rider performs covered under in 
miami . a forward basketball for pushes player <unk> 
a tries block basketball while runs . another him player to 
runs the a dribbling while basketball ball player . 
whistle as attempts with ball basketball block blows the referee another player . to 
in . white uniform the basketball hand the guy a has in his 
. during a player the ball basketball dribbles game a 
is a player the court uniform basketball the ball wearing a dribbling white on . 
basketball a during man uniform white dribbles game . a the wearing a 
the the opposing a player around player basketball . dribbles ball professional 
player opponent pushes basketball away 
against in high biker . skyline gets a the air a 
. his boy white a a jumping wearing helmet bike on 
jumping skyline front performing stunt . is a a a of cyclist in city 
a man is in the on air bicycle his . 
a jump in the , background bicycle person doing a a . skyline 
on painting a small an canvas artist 
a on a . lawn a woman picture painting standing 
at standing a picture . overalls a <unk> wearing woman painting an 
<unk> in blue painting girl 
holds lady 's <unk> artist to her next the the <unk> . 
attempting player to basketball basket a ball the . <unk> the near control 
to red the basket blocked opposing team is in a basketball is but player being make a a by uniform trying . 
basket <unk> a basketball is . player a 
hoop men the the jump in ball game up a basketball two . for near 
on teams stadium a playing . basketball two court in a 
a a foreground . sidewalk is standing in a blurry man in with man on the background of another the image 
stands . stop at man bus a a busy 
next a a to man . stands bus 
city in . people the 
. street an bus walking past people open the and down 
is playing brick wearing , band with , them behind wall a shirts matching . music a 
sing play and a of men instruments group . 
plays <unk> . tight in band 
singing . band four members playing and 
. several men <unk> back and sing play in dressed instruments 
player during . hockey a a game 
helmet . player in hockey a 
hockey looks . a <unk> intently player 
there the a hockey is in . middle player of game a 
uniform white is helmet in a a red this white hockey and player . a and 
shorts orange in . a man tennis playing and shirt white a 
man tennis a playing . 
playing shirt an there orange . in tennis is a man 
tennis <unk> the his ball holds racket for player . in the 
shirt tennis the racquet the in whilst player . his swinging airborne is orange 
him other skateboard several . aerial trick behind people ramp performing is on with man an a a 
the air person a a skateboard riding above ramp is in . a 
ramp wooden a trick a . skateboarder spectators off watch does as a 
watch skateboarder a . performs while others nearby 
jump the skateboarder is taking a . 
red feet is and skis . with hat snowsuit blue a a on child wearing their 
. child ground snowy the across skis a 
child coat the skis and on a a . in small hat blue snow 
looks skier a the young camera . at 
snowsuit skies snow on there in child little in a . a the is red 
closed covered . a red eyes , and , woman smoking a a , shawl in cigarette blue 
yellow with a is smoking black and blanket and a a <unk> red in , woman is wrapped blue . 
blue headband a with jacket red wearing a . , and a hooded woman yellow 
with colorful is blanket smoking . a a the pipe woman 
a flag body the . her around wrapped <unk> woman <unk> and 
graffiti a with a stone standing covered mouth on is her girl . something in 
her . of cement body look and camera twisting to on <unk> girl painted standing is a up the a at 
open the camera . , out coming stick for her poses girl of mouth a and with a yellow it 
. her on a graffitied wall girl <unk> a sideways , stands head 
the a the to and her the a bike cement the with . is in jacket girl right <unk> mouth on in 
playing basketball boy shot block to . , a trying a 
one in to . uniform player block uniform player a in up blue another white with a jumps the basketball ball 
is ball the , the in boy has and boy blue the white in . airborne 
boys the basketball play . 
with basketball nearby play . players a making opposing an the audience are 
a to a . on railing next male skating stairs rollerblades down 
rollerblading brick beside down . red white a is a building railing man a 
skating rail a above a steps . some man is down 
a . a stair a down skateboard slides ramp man 
. an on a grinding rail skater <unk> 
. mirror a sunglasses wearing boy 
a wears . boy sunglasses 
. chubby a boy with <unk> sunglasses 
little with sunglasses boy a . his on 
boy . young black a sunglasses and shirt brown <unk> , with wearing 
on tan a . and dog dog a chasing a is white sunny day black 
black a brown behind . dog field running a across white a and low dog cut is 
brown black grass and a dog the a chased white dog through . by runs 
chase two dogs field grass . a down <unk> 
two in running area dogs grassy 
by a goes a the blue hill . up in bicyclist woods 
trail the bike person is riding a . next on a to their woods 
hill the woman woods a rides a . up her bike near 
woodland a path a a in a riding woman is bicycle blue . on jacket 
backpack hill a biker . a woman up a with bikes mountain 
a tan and dog in a field black running 
brown a large . dog and through running a black grassy field 
dog ready something . in catch the gets grass to a 
green tan a its runs field open with mouth black . over dog a and 
and dog grass running the . across black is the tan 
walking red asian two men the . bags street holding down 
walking two red bags with asian men 
on . the are carrying beside fence a men red metal two bags white street 
bags walking men . a shopping fence holding red by two 
from together carrying walk store bags two red men . outdoors a 
grass children red with . being sprayed water , on painted faces with 
two water sprayed are the children being by 
water playing . in children two a spray of 
children two grass . being by hose the in standing sprayed a 
squirted are two jet children water of by being a indian . 
park . a with in , red the a guitar t-shirt dark-haired , a in playing man a beard 
in a plays in . man a guitar shirt a park red 
a playing is and sitting guitar . on man the grass 
red the a his , grass wearing guitar in shirt a sitting , man playing 
guitar grass . man on plays a his wearing the red 
. children a group wearing put hangs their uniforms and of together blue yellow 
hands above heads is their their a jerseys soccer touching team . together huddled blue with with 
are football young flag team together a huddled . 
huddle soccer boys game a during . 
blue game a players soccer before . in 
pulling . in off dirt the a trick rider bike is air a 
jump in who come dirt a the air is having off of dirt biker a . sideways 
hill woods . he dirt a over aerial the performs an stunt a as racer in flies <unk> 
doing trick dirt hill person on bike a . over a a a 
air person dirt a soaring on a . sideways bike through the 
trees picture black in girls pose front . a two dressed of asian for in dry 
asian <unk> their two long girls eyes covering with 
women black two dressed asian . in 
girls dresses in two . black 
front girls trees are next <unk> each two standing dresses to in . of black other in 
boy black dancing cap in a a break 
adult dances young on a his hand . 
in students ' union of . guy brick floor dancing on break front 
another a for balancing watches <unk> moment one on , himself man one . while hand 
tiled red black . is floor break the male on teenager dancing and the 
barking in dog and at blue collar a the a . brown pink is dog a snow collar with white brown with a 
dark a <unk> a at is dog colored biting . brown dog brown 
its with the collar dog teeth at . collar is the red the blue bearing dog with the 
with dogs the showing on . dogs a its <unk> carpet one of two are white 
with , two open . mouth one dogs 
flies . helmeted a boy air the through snowboard on a 
wall on snowboarder a a balancing 
of a edge a rail night grinds in . snowboarder at along the green 
<unk> wearing green a jacket a green a jumping snowboarder 
wearing a jacket gate above . a jumps low a green snowboarder 
swimsuit a in . tightrope a a walks on man 
a falling off tightrope man 
are a . the walking men on barefoot tightrope 
on students but campus . , a quad walk a tightrope falls off one try to two 
young practice walking high . on people wire the 
staircase of open boy jumps . off air a an 
off an a person staircase of outdoor jumping . 
step railing person jumping . a 
boy stair a a . hoodie jumps blue railing wearing over 
sweatshirt jeans wearing young man blue fence is the over the railing on . and a hopping the blue 
huddle in , <unk> holding plants of field leaf . one girls 
two at of flowers girls the smile the field . asian in yellow camera the 
girls yellow . behind <unk> pose <unk> 
flower are field in . girls two asian a sitting 
and flowers young . yellow some two are smiling in sitting ladies 
a air on some skateboard guy <unk> a 
man rides a a and concrete the into surface a <unk> air up . skateboard 
side skateboarder a flies air the road the the of through . by 
a up . air the skating cement after in a skateboarder is ramp 
skateboarder the a mountain background a with in jumping a wall on 
skier in slope goes pants yellow . a a down 
a skier a down mountain <unk> trail . 
bright wearing is skiing yellow mountain . snowy a down a skier pants 
skiing in green black pants person jacket downhill and 
someone an skiing . empty down mountain 
two girl riding looks them at while are . another camels girls 
girls camels two on 
one each . to camera a riding with people back camel in front with two person 
while third camels a . women watches two ride , 
girls . wearing two young beige purse watches riding are another a lady camels as 
two girl a a ride . <unk> camels on boy and 
. two backs females camels ride 
. two camels ride girls 
. are structures kids nearby camels <unk> by two rural mountains riding 
camel two in desert on kids back 
boy . dusty alley a in <unk> playing a 
. of a piece boy a swings wood 
a bat stone wall a a swings . to child next 
a swings a wearing <unk> a . bat young blue boy 
street with . young with a <unk> his plays in boy a the bat on ball 
colored crouching to a wall girl brightly a a skateboard next on is . 
girl on a a a skateboard cement on to riding fence . a next is ledge 
the a on girl skateboard hair rides 's stairs up while a flips down she . 
her a with skateboard on from her poses hair flying up head a girl 
skateboarder a 's hair . flies air through the 
street playing boys group a of soccer . 
watch on a city kids of group soccer street of play kids older a group young a . 
street a on narrow play children soccer city . 
soccer . on kids outside playing the street 
on playing are a soccer . neighborhood game boys of their street the 
a through carries its dog . mouth in a bottle snow white the 
dog a on the . soda white ground a bottle carries snowy 
in white mountain bottle dog a plastic mouth in the <unk> . a carries its snow 
<unk> runs with . the white dog a through snow bottle a 
in mountain <unk> the drinking snow is dog the . white 
in that it through river . are and the the of people sandy city the park playing lots beside in runs 
water in at the the people . of beach play lots 
palm the people many beach are on next trees . to 
many people or . out beach are enjoying a themselves spread <unk> along 
beach a . on people 
area are walking people in an industrial 
street an people <unk> <unk> a of walking along 
tall people walking in near . many buildings are city the 
on walking a people sidewalk busy several 
feet area a . group the in urban an of of pedestrians 
in skateboarding a winter . sweatshirt purple and man grey a hat 
on skate . a rollerblades course man a 
a an inline trick purple performing a is wearing . a jacket on ramp skater 
rollerskating skate on ramp guy 
the ramp top sweater with . of purple a skateboard man at 
and of photographer looking a women children . the crowd at 
. brightly wearing of children african women group clothes colored a and 
of a clothed a in are group colorfully sitting . people market 
<unk> of various numerous clothing <unk> african . wearing 
are . on african sitting people the from village ground an 
container beside sitting metal children a dark group of a red skinned . are 
group large against of kids <unk> . sitting red a a 
the group . a on sitting in ground outside dirt the of people 
group container near a people <unk> of a sitting large . 
purple african two in on . <unk> sit girls dresses <unk> ground the 
the surfboard a stomach . boy his a on black riding on wave 
in . a a wave is wakeboard child beach black a a splash using to shirt over red 
read boarding a boy ocean hair the in kid with 
surfboard shirt black red with boy surfing a on a young a . 
wearing young a surfboard over rides red child a . a wave t-shirt a 
on mountain snowy climber a a 
ridge a a the yellow a backpack of climber snowy . walks along with mountainside 
man a a climbs snowy mountain . 
mountain with backpack side the mountain . on climber of a a is a walking yellow 
person mountains cycling a snowy through . 
play two <unk> . guitar in white 
playing together guitars are men two 
two in . guitars men white play 
guitars white . are suits in men two electric playing 
red suits musicians play gear in white . two surrounded a <unk> guitars and while by curtain 
cliff a jumps a snow on snowboard a the over person in . 
a over flies . a skier cliff 
a rock snow off edge covered . flies wearing red skier of the a 
cliff over . the air snow-covered a a snowboarder clears 
hill snowboarding person . a this off is 
in standing some a a their rock background of family belongings cave the with in 
standing small . <unk> woman behind an american african american children two 
a under two her stands african with boulder an children woman . 
. under woman a some rocks for pose and two children picture a 
of in mouth the woman children . two purple a with cave a in 
, and person of a a . group skating him are of a is on slopes , surrounding boarding people the bunch people 
a airborne in front crowd . of snowboarder 
others . a air in the watch snowboarder as 
jumps snowboarder high . a 
while snowboarder . a watch jumps spectators 
park a rollerblading a in . boy is skate 
a rollerblading . wide space a is across open boy young 
park rollerblading cement young boy skate a in . a 
skates with inline over outstretched . balances as a he skater pavement the young arms 
<unk> takes a . young skater the in skate park inline a 
a a trick skateboard doing boy 
other while is on a watch balancing skateboarder . wall a a group boys of 
on ramp a . skateboarder doing trick a a , 
a boy skateboard performing is a on trick . the 
shirt look on others the skateboarder in the the background in ledge balances as the the . white on 
are one box road standing of whilst . desert a a a hands another to man group blue on men 
of a a box to handing . man men group a 
group a handing in man a . to box is a man another 
man wearing cap . men line a blue backwards of something to in one man a hands a 
of to object black . younger outdoors small , black men older handing group man blue 
african . plates american <unk> out men of of food a window 
line of window men in group food <unk> a a at . to wait 
reaches others a a man striped red shirt . while for wait wearing plate food a of 
are <unk> a home five small plates getting men of from restaurant 
plates <unk> . people in of for line 
a sand on riding a a girl camel the are beach boy in the and . on 
camels and child ocean riding the a woman near . 
a by of water children camel riding . body on a 
girls ride camel . the on <unk> a two of 
water near girls ride young camel a two . 
a a hiker the mountain road is . snow-covered walking on up 
in backpack in laying snow the carrying an to a red . backpack a is next that orange stands black man 
dusk road <unk> man , lit by , <unk> at an snowy stands only . on a 
the a person the of at in mountain a . stands edge snow 
on a road <unk> snowy a 
a and woman girl a camel a . ride 
at beach . two the camels ride people 
along the two are two girls walking beach . carrying camels 
the , the sitting camels children . on near backs ocean two , of 
is camel while are seated the two in . on camel people foreground another a 
two blonde wrestlers . the female ring in 
and professional to a the two . are hit wrestlers air floor in ring female the about in 
. blonde crowd with in , female long wrestlers fighting two , hair of a front 
wrestle crowd in of front two . women a 
women . two in an wrestling arena 
face into . woman 's looks boy up a a 
a its red 's . mother <unk> coat child 
child woman to red a a coat puts in a . his belly the of hands 
the young <unk> of a boy stomach a touching is . woman 
a red the jacket in looks in the woman at the child . green jacket 
. a hat camera cigarette with a girl a guy in the green and wave hand a with at 
a and on their <unk> <unk> <unk> a their man woman show 
hug a woman man and . 
a in a hat woman . a right their black wearing on green and identical man <unk> tattoos display sweater <unk> a 
woman their heart arms holding man up and there a tattoos showing is and their . 
horses on men stand . 
man of the one <unk> yellow . blue three horses one on in <unk> and man standing in backs 
guy , a crowd on horses watches while standing two 
riding in arms air their two horses . the men wave three 
a of . as on two people parade part horses standing are three 
dog with in small walks men city a . the 
. waiting cross <unk> busy in people a street <unk> to some 
<unk> . to while the people the walking cross street dog the 
the street dog a . has three waiting guys . to one are cross 
city cross dog and wait . a street on to leash people one a three a has 
a flip a skier a area wooded in doing . 
skier red trees two skis a on flipping down between . is upside 
down person on trees caught upside between skis two 
landscape in winter . snowy front skier in trees jumps of high 
the trees doing through flip some a is skier 
in . riding yellow a man motorcycle outfit a a yellow 
in yellow a motorcyclist . 
. his motorcyclist and in bike rides white yellow a 
a . drives motorcycle the yellow road down 
ridden a . on being motorcycle is a racetrack yellow 
in people a drinking . bunch bar club a at of a 
. at forehead a one his with hand man bar a is smiling on crowded 
jacket white to bar . and a man shirt a woman talking wearing black a is at a 
the bar at are gathered people . a 
together talking various are people a . bar at 
. a a a dirt man wheelie bike doing on 
. on jumpsuit wheelie man motorcycle popping a blue a a in a 
a pops a man on in dirt motorcycle a wheelie the . 
rolling a " grassy field . wheelie a a in " motorcyclist framed by hills pops 
in barren motorcycle with mostly man ground wheelie the a a doing is 
the dog white . and his brown in teeth snow <unk> a 
a snow in the growling dog brown white and 
mean and the dog is looking snow in showing a his . teeth 
teeth white the dog a snow a its in bears tan 
a has snow dog , and stick is in mouth the . in its 
a <unk> paw . <unk> a looking a at it cat with is has <unk> 
a floor . cat itself on a tile licks 
the pathway a striped is . cat on 
. leg <unk> front cat its a left licking 
front cat a closeup leg his of . image licking 
a down bunch the walking of street . people 
dressed and in race . cold children weather adults a for road 
of run city a down . people group street a 
. along green by fence the are a many street people jogging 
a race many in a people run street on . 
does camera skier a trick person . a a holding is a while 
snow skier a a . camera films doing while a with mound trick man by it a a 
on a video being is man <unk> . skier camera a a by <unk> with 
blue through jump the skier near a snow . pants a flying air wearing is 
of on stands front skier movie in his snow the in a a camera hands . 
dogs two and a . truck 
. their dogs front hind legs <unk> legs on their two 
on play two grass dogs . the 
frisbee grass . two together on dogs a white the playing , on , one standing 
. dogs tri-colored two furry playing the in grass 
snow the his and there in in . are two mouth has one dogs something 
in . two the are playing snow dogs 
its two the snow , something in in , holding mouth one dogs . 
two beach . dogs the on 
his the fish dog . the snow larger in in a walk mouth , has dogs two 
. tries puck goalie a hockey game to a block in the 
hockey goalie puck stops the . a 
. people hockey playing 
puck a . several goal toward players to next the move hockey 
hockey teams two . compete 
dog in a runs . snow the 
has he snowy his mouth an fenced-in . the bounds <unk> open area dog as through 
dog day . past a white a runs on a fence snowy 
a . black a runs collar snow white with the dog in 
link poodle the running is a in snow , near . fence a white chain 
the . skier through snow skiing a lone 
red is skiing jacket a man . a in 
man a skiing . wearing goggles 
an mountain down in a a orange . skier jacket races 
red skier down hill in going a a coat a . 
building in t-shirt and blue white skateboarding railing a a . a the is of boy <unk> on tie 
skateboard boy a shirt is down a a railing in . riding tie dyed a 
is handrail a kid . on skateboarding a 
skateboarder goes a . a down railing stair 
a rides a a in skateboard outside teenage brick boy on building a . <unk> <unk> 
sky air a . the with bike the background in as rider 
jumps his boy bike a on . 
and midair a a trick bike a up . riding jumps kid does in 
the setting leaps into sun stunt beside . a air the biker 
is . the a dusk doing bike on person at a trick 
bicyclist on a is cloudy in a . midair day 
a , bicycle man a . airborne on 
bike a on midair man in a 
in midair a bike on a man 
person a on . a bike bmx 
stick a beach in mouth dog on fluffy its holds a a . 
dog a the the small stick white . beach at catching shore a on 
a the white the caught on beside stick has . beach ocean dog a 
white a running stick beach is along mouth dog in with . a its a 
its a a carrying in a on dog is . stick white mouth beach 
an lipstick . crowd red a girl is wearing in standing asian 
an . woman fur holds asian her scarf 
in dress collar white fur woman and traditional asian 
is clothing inside a looking elegant down while crowd woman a dressed people . of in 
feather girl and white wears <unk> boa . 
. boat on a yellow is waters calm floating with blue a canopy 
the in . water boat a 
green roof a on . boat water with a 
the is the the water middle . in of boat 
. the floats <unk> lake on boat the 
man a dogs watch a . and woman two 
are a one woman with one <unk> dog tall dog and man on . and little path huge a 
dogs two the in woods . two and people 
on woods dogs two from at two . in are people the a while them behind looking are trail 
a dogs path on their forest . two with women 
and sweater in branches tree a white a through is . pink looking girl up 
branches . tree with hair a head black her girl pokes through little 
branches tree hugs little girl an two asian . 
asian between tree a two . trunks young girl stands 
. of branches with white between standing a sweater girl small green wearing a leaves tree 
. a car past and woman a japanese are walking green man 
front an shirt a of in asian and a a sign man blue woman written a a <unk> in in white in shirt . 
woman a man shirt cars next blue white shirt a in . while walking in smile to and a a 
oriental past smiling man walk and <unk> woman an signs and 
walking smiling asian couple on sidewalk and 
the air by spectators being whilst into . watched leaping are cyclists 
dirt bike head jump three a over racers . 
. three race bike a men bmx sponsored <unk> during form an arch by 
mountain bikes on men hill go three over sand . a 
the jerseys wearing their into black bmx three bikes jump . riders air 
dog brown the sand . on a 
in the in cap a plays . green man brown sand a a near dog 
something in . is jumping dog air catch the a to 
ball while a catch up for playing . sand the in jumping dog is the 
a sand dog in . playing the ball 
a man posing blue with in a with <unk> a shirt man sunglasses 
. and wearing and jacket a striped a man pose brown and picture a another man a shirt blue black glasses with for 
for in and pose stripes a city man leather in . one one the in camera 
by street are on surrounded a . two men standing buildings 
two men . together <unk> wearing standing 
<unk> the . a of man a looking bus in <unk> 
of at vehicle out door window , man the . the with another a standing , a <unk> sitting 
or people bus ride a <unk> . 
bus an old some riding people 
a on three . train passengers car 
a middle . red a the hill in is of clothed snowboarder snowy a in from jump 
snowboarder midair in a 
the snowboarder big is . jump a and a air doing is in 
through a soars snowboarder air . the 
snowboarder . in air is the the 
road of standing with group people . are brown on a dogs 3 a 
. gather trail on their and <unk> a dogs dirt 
different several dogs gather brown together of <unk> . 
dogs nearby with owners their on brown 5 are leashes . there 
women among group dogs are a brown of three standing . 
with three sheep . dogs white black a 
dogs four . black sheep are a white standing beside 
<unk> <unk> the the at black look white . dogs 
. near <unk> white dogs a black are three 
<unk> sheep stand . white a or dogs near 
and running a . brown white is dog 
brown is through dead white grass a and running dog . 
dog and on out grass sticking tongue with some white his brown jumping a 
and dog a a . ball 
and brown leaping white is . a dog the hair through large 
people group expressions of different a making . 5 
teenagers cheering room in living a five 
of full . <unk> <unk> they <unk> room as the <unk> 
are excited teenagers . boy facial two three female teenagers expressions and making 
girls and and getting are . excited guys three two something watching 
standing store woman are . a a and outside man 
wearing the are and a in . <unk> standing woman are man and store 
. are people next in some oriental <unk> there two to standing robes 
a people are inside standing two market of . 
<unk> . shopping area talking wearing the two in middle of people a 
woman a jeans in and . are woman shorts a petting baby in kangaroo a 
in a kangaroo a grassy . field small pet two girls 
a two small to touch . over kangaroo bend women 
pet park baby the kangaroo women a two in . 
in kangaroo pet a . two park a women 
in playing dogs group a snow together are of . 
dogs . in the of playing pack a snow 
covered playing field are snow four a on in . dogs 
snow are and in the black playing two . two dogs white 
snowy two . one 2 with white dogs interact dogs another black a field in and 
a group perform of . a trick watching people a snowboarder 
a person of large snowboarding over with <unk> him front a onlookers in 
. a air perform snowboarder the in a are watching trick people 
people watching several jump with are snowboarder . jacket a a blue 
a . snowboarder mid-flight in snowy a landscape amid watch spectators 
. street in girl a from while does the sidewalk cartwheel the watch a people 
in crowd cartwheel a a doing of front girl a 
front is . a other sitting flip people sidewalk of of the in woman a backwards doing crowd on a 
in shorts a of crowd <unk> . someone front in is 
. crowd <unk> a person the shirt the while the street stunt in in watched black the 
their . snowboard person a on jumping 
snowboarder is and on black . snowboard jumping purple in yellow a a 
with a . young board ski doing a a man purple is jump 
yellow and . snowboarder in helmet white midair pants in 
. onto snowboarder holding midair while in board 
parachute while . wearing a man skis a 
off a skier lifting parachute . ground the from 
parasail equipment a . , and sunny person a in silhouetted landscape attached , a midair blue wearing against over feet while to a sky snowy on his is suspended 
gliding person a . parachute in the air a on 
sun . low <unk> the a they air through gliding by are , 
group some of stores in . of front are standing people a 
stand people of . outside on sidewalk a stores <unk> 
walking people or a talking street on city . 
several stores of . people front in 
the video to door next people . phone shop talking the game of outside two are store mobile 
a dancing a in high girl kick a performs parade . 
other . girl in while parade behind black a t-shirt her a a during doing walk jump girls a 
jumps a street walk the in woman her others the air behind as in . 
kicking surrounded onlookers in girl midair by 
dancer . in young the parade <unk> the 
jumps on his boy high . a skateboard 
a skateboard a boy rail . sliding a on on 
. rails skateboarder the rides a 
skateboarding man 
in t-shirt <unk> black over a jumping skateboard . a is near boy the railing path his 
muddy . <unk> on race a track 
two course . muddy on a bmx bikers 
in boys mud the their . dirt riding two bikes 
their dirt dirt bikes two ride riders . bike 
people on . riding bikes trail dirt two a bike 
heads a a . striped a man in shirt soccer red ball 
in soccer ball a is red head black with . man and his hitting a 
wearing and the above and soccer striped is ball red black black shirt head . a man shorts of a 
in soccer shorts the black a air player . jumping into is 
has in black ball her red . a above the uniform and the head person 
on a white the and . black water ready land bird to getting 
large its the wings above a bird water . flaps 
long legged . in bird is white the landing a water 
above water . <unk> bird 
for landing ready a . red eyes gets white with bird 
a runs . snow-covered dog through in its stick carrying field mouth a a 
in a snow . a the runs over large its carrying dog stick mouth 
the . snow runs a dog its in with stick through mouth a 
carries a . stick through dog snow a fluffy 
through carrying large is stick a and . area a and snowy dog white white brown a 
and grassy running dog . brown up hill is white a a 
dog grassy hill up is . running a a 
a dog hill . a on grassy 
uphill a running dog 
grassy a brown white up a and . hill is running dog 
takes bicycle a his watch as friends rider . a jump <unk> 
a pile . jumps over biker of dirt a 
over blue is man in dirt a of jeans hills jumping . bike a 
bike off on ramp jumps a . man a his 
rides a . ramp dirt a bicycle a man over 
a the limb posing in camera girl on young standing tree jeans . for is a 
a a a posing standing for tree girl while in photo . young 
posing tree on girl 
standing a striped is tree on there shirt . jeans branch girl a a and young in 
tree the young is a . standing girl in 
sky running . up brown is dog the at and looking a 
brown brown . on grass runs a dog 
a grass golden <unk> <unk> the . colored in 
. is the dog playing outdoors brown 
through furry dog . is area running the brown the grassy 
red shoulder a street . a along a bag in shirt man city walking <unk> a carrying 
red over a , his a in gray backpack shoulder stand with . black man hair t-shirt a 
man red standing in city looks while wearing a a left a . shirt to the 
the down shoulder his carrying walking street bag man . 
carrying . the shirt streets a man bag in the is black through the city red 
with outfits midair wearing <unk> dancers each two black in 
toss guns two air girls black in the . in their 
<unk> the air in <unk> in objects women <unk> black in throw . 
barefoot up are black in looking two outfits women . and 
black <unk> <unk> throwing in air women in the two . 
grass girl a over bends . backwards the tall in 
a does a a back in . girl bend field 
back . girl bend a a doing 
a a little bend on grassy field doing a back girl 
in does grass young a girl . hand back a tall spring 
a large a water black fetches stick dog of out the . 
catches dog and a black into . its water the <unk> stick is in mouth a 
big <unk> black a a pond . dog of stick a , carrying out mouth his in 
through carrying dog a . black stick water runs a the 
stick lake in fetching a the . dog 
running . and the is on black dog beach a white 
beach the . on a runs dog 
white dog . on wet sand and black 
black is dog the <unk> in the running sand . and white 
is the large running white . and black on dog sand this 
in a player kicking a goal soccer 
a into ball soccer goal player a <unk> the . kicks 
to ball soccer prepares a the . player kick 
soccer white sport of man ball in , field in him uniform and . front ground above red on with blue 
kicked into a view of ball being a net goal soccer 
snowy skiing on . ski a skier one a mountain down lone 
mountain . a skis downhill a man on 
. down a mountain heads mountain a skier 
blue back outfit . on skiing hill pack a his down with in is a the skier a red 
plain of on wide a a snowboarder snow 
muddy a running dirty the through dog brown grass 
running a along on . track a dirt a fence dog 
. by light happily runs a dog fence a brown green 
on beside runs . dog orange green fence dirt 
dog the the outside is running dirt . large brown in 
a of hockey played . game being is 
man a a follows field another the wearing as . uniform sports runs down 
of . a play field white black , end and near a in a the player , make attempts to purple 
lacrosse . with ball runs number <unk> the 
<unk> on the running lacrosse players two . are 
. a an black court doing students basketball watching in on <unk> is tracksuit man asian 
men for dancing ballet training gym in 
in instructor front of people dancing 
in several people <unk> participating . class are an 
a on basketball people court various . 
brown in a dog is running little a . field 
is . grass little on brown running a dog the 
through a brown little . dog the runs grass 
field a grassy in in puppy dirt a , a road . runs background the 
is small . dog grass dry running brown with leaves <unk> a over 
. beach the two play on people 
racquet a two the on women beach playing are . game 
beach . in two play bathing women suits on the 
women play bikinis the on beach two in . 
beach a two women on . 
street banners an . with of through <unk> asian crowd parade people a black 
a and flags of the through crowd people walk . bike carrying streets 
on black flags riding people group carrying of . bicycles a double 
. banners riding a people and parade are asian bike in up holding 
people road ride are flags black bikes gathered a where and carry along others . 
flags a group holding a asian street are teenagers on of . 
women flags happy men group and young with chinese of . a them hold on writing 
a girls young flags asian . of black boys group holding and 
. around and flags characters asian guys standing are girls black with holding 
flags asian carrying and white people young several black 
a sad girls . a making out of hang face and guys group is , one 
serious and , <unk> smiling , ; one of another women one group . a 
pink . looks crowd women a a woman of in to <unk> sweater a laughing next 
a girl in something talk gazes as her the around at <unk> distance . young 
are standing oriental . people together there 
black wrestle , and a dog and little dog brown watches . a 
are grass a near dogs in several playing the . boat 
several play dogs near . boat a outside 
a three toy for . dogs wrestle 
toy carrier on its a <unk> background a in yard with boat a over , dogs . stuffed two the 
a is in a woman . a to shirt blonde man red next 
a man . <unk> blond the a cheek brown-haired woman on is 
brown blond haired man kissing . a the of cheek woman a 
black shirt the wearing man muscular shirt a on being a orange woman an is by cheek wearing a man blond . <unk> 
a an woman t-shirt man cheek . a orange in the of kisses 
snow . near lone through a deep hiker rocky <unk> peaks 
a a mountaintop mountain snowy . plain near on climber a 
the into a path travels mountains down person snowy a . 
figure white distance the against is seen climber a a black snow , on in mountaintop 
them snow snow covered someone the walking with through behind is mountains . 
snowy mountain with up equipment climbing people a 
snow people in . are a hiking up mountain the 
hikers a two slope backpacking snow . are up 
. crossing hikers a field two snow backpacks with 
two across are mountain walking snowcapped a <unk> . 
is rope a on climbing a . kid course 
ropes a <unk> girl . little climbing a 
girl ladder rope a climbing a young 
children jungle climb gym a . 
bridge rope and young girl a cross boy 
words by sidewalk people down a city . written walk elderly two chalk in 
a sidewalk with busy city walk the printed men words . street along two on 
the walk words . a men street through on city two with 
in attire graffiti a city sidewalk in walking older , two the are on visible men . is business <unk> 
writing walk it two people that city . on down has street a 
purple a building is . stunt shirt boy in white a a doing wooden on a ramp a beside skateboard 
ramp a with on him building skateboard down a black behind white going a boy a 
wearing skateboard ramp . up a a rides boy purple a 
skateboarder uses ramp . a a skateboard 
a skateboard wooden down riding rider ramp a . skateboard 
lit man sit a in brightly woman and set stage a . 
restaurant a a scene of nighttime street . 
restaurant a side street 
a in sitting people <unk> restaurant . 
. restaurant display handing <unk> in tiny with 
. a ramp shirt boy grinds skateboard a an orange in 
jumping on an a a wearing ramp orange shirt skateboarder lone 
ramp . a uses a skateboarder 
maneuvers man skateboard a at . young top an of the , a orange shirt ramp in a 
a as ramp fence . seen link through a skateboarder chain on 
girl smiles another in . group girl people at out of hanging a a 
in girl . another a girl a giving hug pink 
another a . talks teenage a to with teenager young red girl sweatshirt 
friend her hat and wearing her to a talks holding girl bike . 
talking in are to girls on . two young one another <unk> a street busy 
sitting is at <unk> a with a desk a . girl 
seated library , of line from by in a , group behind windows in . people <unk> of 
a people <unk> . in at are sitting library 
desk at sitting person library a a . in 
at by <unk> windows sitting . two are people the in library a 
women <unk> street of two front are in the there two . crossing 
are <unk> in two <unk> past <unk> women . 
of to walk in road women two . the front a bus cross 
street of <unk> the on walk . front in women two two 
. with crossing in their front covered road heads women of <unk> the two 
. at docked a boat harbor the 
beside building and <unk> a the . a standing man dock a on 
a to about <unk> at . is a <unk> red dock 
the parked a house on . <unk> deck is at pier a with 
is pulling dock out water the boat . a man to up is and pulled something of the 
ball for . dog is a a tennis leaping 
in leaps the ball . dog tennis to a air a parallel 
dog a the ball while chasing a in tennis leaps . air 
chasing two dogs . a ball 
two catch are ball field a to tennis running a in dogs . 
player . basketball another girl <unk> a the from 
attempts basketball <unk> playing while girl a . a her shot another <unk> girl 
girls crowd basketball . front in of game a participating a in 
in in player . for the the challenging ball is player red white basket the female 
making is the shot opposing over <unk> the basketball . player <unk> a 
dog white toy . behind dog holding a a runs yellow beige a 
with in toy mouth its another chases dog dog a . a 
park mouth with rubber chicken in its . running a a a in dog 
. another dog white toy follows yellow a carries dog while a 
toy is yellow holding the dog a . 
. snowboarder in makes dressed jump yellow a a 
snowboarder a off jump a gets . air 
a is trick a doing snowboarder . 
snowboarder a . jumping 
helicopter from watches a below snowboarder viewer a a 
a while a a . child rides crowd watches unicycle 
on a rides during a little parade . girl a bicycle 
girl a unicycle . riding a small 
in girl . plaid shirt unicycle a riding 
checked shirt person riding while crowd . unicycle watches in 
in up a sitting a <unk> area couch a . on while man busy public 
a couch . is man <unk> on and him sitting around walking people with a 
large a man hat wearing chair in a sleeping . brown a 
on a . cap baseball resting couch a person and in jeans brown a 
sit crowded and a . walk people through area 
girl green is blonde a in walking a and holding . box baby 
with carrying dress with a . little handle a box a dots green a blue is girl in 
bright bag is in green a pavement carrying on girl little or a . walking while box 
no street . a little shoes summer a down girl a with <unk> and runs 
girl . walks with a young a <unk> 
a woman short man with partially bald a with hair picture a and for white a posing a man , beard 
three camera posing a for people are . 
two and men a woman . bearded 
men two woman and picture . a for a pose 
two together . and woman posing men 
group a a climb hill of up girls . snowy 
a covered . climbing up hill children four snow 
gear shallow a snow covered winter hill are four . kids climbing wearing while 
hill one climb struggles snowy a four kids , . 
children a . clad climb hillside snowy up snowsuit four 
. by pass skiers four spectators watch competition three 
men . skiing 
in race the . skiiers snow 
and skiers coming while down are watching three hill a spectators are . over 
<unk> from racing men while watch others behind . ski two 
a dinner and talk at table . the man woman and sit 
the man at other the case guitar man with . <unk> the 
wears hat <unk> case holds , old sitting them a of . men tan one a the a and room are two in 
them of down two , . men an one holding inside case instrument sitting 
a table , sitting a one at holding older case two guitar men 
tunnel man a through skating a is . 
inside a . along person skates of tube long a the 
a rollerblader a others in while pipe rides full high watch 
inside . a a tube skating rollerblader 
<unk> . skateboarder a tunnel through a 
at couple a <unk> . some look 
up look a and a near . at stands painting couple a piano 
a couple large <unk> wall on <unk> a . a red painting 
in man a are . gallery a a painting woman at looking and a 
look of the a painting at and woman man . naked people 
suit a man black surfing a wave is a crashing in along . 
riding . is breaking a wave surfer on a 
a surfer a . wave rides medium sized 
is riding black wearing a a ocean surfer white the wave in . a wetsuit 
surfboard on catching man in a wetsuit a . wave a 
a sunglasses outfit in . through a near dark mountain bike a a riding a stream forest man is and 
area through a . man bike wooded his a the morning is riding in 
the . slope a in man bike rides a mountain down a woods 
a a down mountainside man riding . a bicycle 
forest is cycling the man . in cross-country 
near airborne handrail a above boy . urban an walkway is bicycle a on a 
cyclist performing near a is jump brick . to railing a a a wall and 
his jumps public park a a bicycle . man in 
his bicycle teenage boy tricks a on . does 
through stunt bicycle a air the . on , doing is a boy the 
a with on man . a woman sitting them between of large a and bottle bench large soda park 
and a man a sitting bench woman a . on 
and woman him watches gestures overweight an a a on park makes bench . man arm 
. a and of sitting woman coach on man a opposite a ends 
bench two on sitting the outside large a are people 
on track a greyhounds . race of group a 
. a is hopping black vest and eight a the kangaroo with wearing on striped yellow number it 
dogs around track . race many the 
track along greyhounds muzzled dog are a . racing 
down race track a sandy their . run <unk> dogs 
dark in hat a a shoots a . man handgun 
a gun man shoots . a 
a bright that <unk> light gun man . shoots a a 
<unk> <unk> with a night . at firing long a man is sleeves 
. area a a a handgun in man firing stop a motion picture dark of 
<unk> front girl faces stands crowd looks of a and huge green a . camera in the of in at 
brown is a and near shirt <unk> green girl with hair standing . a 
a a woman redheaded the background . in with crowd 
<unk> a standing woman . 
. eyes and hair woman with green brown wearing shirt brown a 
around in few snow the dogs a jumping 
dogs around running a large snow two the in and smaller dog . 
the in fence front are a of snow . dogs in three 
. dogs in snow the three playing 
three run in . dogs the snow around 
jumping snowboarders are off their mound a boards . snow of 
tricks mountain do . snowboarders on 
people jumps make . snowboard three 
snowboards a high two . ramp people snowy ride above their 
snowboarders jump two . 
a on motorbike tricks black person in doing a jacket a . 
on person wheelie doing rock a . on a bike a a 
of person wheelie off on rock a . a motorcycle a doing a 
. bicycle and one a person their rides a on wheel onto rock balances 
is a over riding . motorcycle man the jagged rocks 
the opposing puck races it towards while ice a the guiding player across man an . is hockey 
player stick hockey with uniform white in 
uniforms hockey players skate ice wearing . black the two on and yellow 
two ice hockey players 
on hockey the ice two . uniforms people in 
are , a standing on a and each . trampoline his dog enjoying others <unk> boy 
dog at . outside trampoline on a a looks while boy they stand a 
bulldog in background petting , with the glasses a on . pavement his with buy woods the 
with eyes face looking upturned muscular young into boy a dog of a . 
boy with up at glasses with looking young a dog out tongue 
over a <unk> . water bird 
the water a wings , . bird , over outstreached 
bird is over black white water a flying and . 
white water jumps its into the . first a and wings <unk> feet bird 
black land bird a to beak . white a water the begins near with 
rolls . black around the and in a dog grass brown 
face grass black rubbing is . brown a in the and dog his 
brown rubs the dog in face black . and a his grass 
its in large rubs dog grass . a face the 
. head black grass rolls in dog 
dog brown a black jumping in is coat a woman up at a . 
woman . dog treat 's for a the jumps 
get dog by held white woman up and . large jacket wearing a black black a something to a jumps 
a dog , for . teaches outside woman to on jump <unk> the a grass 
is above a holding hand and red that vest dog a black up with shirt a woman . and her jumping white is 
gets down to ready the slide child slide a . 
in jeans of a red and yellow . sits girl a slide the top at young 
the to down the slide go little is pigtails . preparing girl in 
on is little sitting girl . slide the the 
of top the girl at is . red sitting a slide a little there 
going on boy . ramp a after a wooden midair a bicycle of in off 
a ramp a bike a in jumping off man 
woods person a no of . leaves in in trees the jumping front bike their with 
ramp a jumps off . forest a person a barren in bicycle a 
a making woods a person along in a . bike a the jump is on trail high 
an shirt is elderly woman a pink wearing striped . 
pink shirt older striped in a an woman 
chin a her shirt woman older an with striped . rubbing 
pink in with hand shirt striped up , woman . a her a 
her . to is lady cover be mouth appears getting to ready older 
a a a in man chair smoking . cigarette sits 
cigarette chair a a in . a sitting man smoking 
sunglasses is chair . wearing sitting a man a in 
a restaurant in smoking black . chair man a at sitting 
his mouth in the , a chair wearing cigarette with glasses sits , . a man in 
interacting with a it a . dog is run to person preparing from away 
a coat and a black and red running person dog a in . brown 
brown for black in fetch a orange stick a a and black . a and throws woman dog to jacket 
a clearing watches red as in away . jacket dog runs her in from brown black a woman a and woodland 
woman red to a wearing jacket and , trees a something the throws . chase for outside by german shepherd jeans 
and water . white bird a large grey 
white large water bird over . a flies 
lands white in birds <unk> a water . the 
bird off the of taking is out water 
near water crane is . low flying white large the 
another on . it standing the dog ground above dog and one 
grass play . dogs beige in the two 
, other each two . in facing a dogs field 
. play two on another dogs one with the grass 
play tan grass dogs the two in 
. beach horses group people racing of a on a 
horseback are riding four beach on people the . 
horses are four the on beach . riding people 
people along . four riding beach horses 
on riding beach . people horses the 
line men in wearing of yellow . a <unk> a walk group 
men things walk in carrying line . 
people in behind man robes a up line sunglasses wearing orange . 
walk <unk> street . three the on 
holding three metal orange <unk> . in men robes 
lone ramp huge a and graffiti the in skateboarder with background wooden a in midair silver 
a . pipe of skateboarder the <unk> half takes male 
ramp the indoor a in high air . skateboarder at 
on through . skateboard , jumping the man air 
a air the . in high ramp skateboarder trick a performing on 
the dog forest edge of at a the snow the jumping in 
the a snowy jumps ground dog across . 
a dog . through field snowy a runs 
snow through running . the dog 
through the the dog . and running snow is white grey 
a a play group friends of . in lake 
natural five people water are a in <unk> . 
many . children in water play the 
bend people a . and in suits into reach water down of lake bathing the 
. are the playing people in outside several water 
hand surfboard stick man with on stands a in a ocean a his the in . 
. , a man stands ocean paddling the a it into surfboard on out 
. the to uses an out oar surfer get in a ocean 
on in stands with surfboard ocean paddle man . 
paddling while surfer the fellow the passes surf surfer into a . 
going stands the across . person raincoat in a boat water in a a 
in to driving person a <unk> <unk> . the a is yellow next a beach 
a a person boat shore the on by . 
the facing boat ahead fisherman his in , <unk> sun 
on person a . this boat a beach is <unk> driving 
. flies a front landscape air in of skier a mountainous the through 
a range mountain . a a skier is the jumping in <unk> near air over 
skier valley a snow-covered in a high performs a . jump 
slope over a snow a skier . taking leap huge is snow a 
. red in air jumping high the over snow in the skier 
a and inside its head a . bag dog <unk> green has red 
playfully pet <unk> . of bag <unk> the a <unk> a 
bag sticking little <unk> . a with cloth brown head filled dog in 
of the the dog christmas bag in has presents his . face 
<unk> the nose digs . dog to bag his <unk> <unk> a <unk> 
group water the in . of are a people 
are water hillside in many . a near people the 
people a in many body water of . hang out 
by and . trees surrounded is people swimming many a lake houses 
lake <unk> people several a in . 
group in of a men canal air in a houses 5 and front . of the 
<unk> air sneakers guys in in jumping . are five and the 
wedding silly a . in for men photo and shoes five tuxedos dressed tennis are jumping 
. tuxedos men a in five for mountain range in joy front of jump 
jump five up front small wearing a river in in tuxedos of air the men 
sits barking a kitchen two dogs at are person in . a while table a 
to are kitchen waiting dogs the <unk> in be two . 
mouths sat their a waiting dining open by a person dogs are chair in . with room two 
bark dogs man . in a two chair a at 
food a partially kitchen . for seen table at two person dogs a begging 
through quickly travels aid a a on board the a . parachute snow man with the of 
the down covered a a parachuting . person site of mountain snow 
<unk> the snowy . person gliding into mountains a 
blue over with orange sail snow jacket . and and person <unk> white , with front blue rock 
a with onto is skis . parachuting this person snowy hill 
the in is the man in a air upside-down . snow 
on slope person tricks a a . doing 
skiing person . and the is in doing a a snow flip 
kicking in a snow . skier down the goes air upside 
the snow . flip a is doing skier a in 
is slide him is the a blue boy . of little behind at a dog top and a 
a blue is the slide onto top a . running dog of 
child down slide blue yellow in a a leads going a dog . 
. a child in a sweater a slide a , descends lab a dog shirt black play mother red a a yellow in and while with brown 
coming down from slide dog wooden a playhouse a 
picture posing a for ladies two 
standing two aged woman to at each <unk> other the smiling and next camera . middle 
. near stand a forest a middle picture aged women two for 
trees large smiling and of , front is standing hair women in her two woman older one <unk> . 
front posing are a and . trees women <unk> in with of long camera for <unk> hair two 
a bar couple a outside of sitting men 
and men talk sit at a . the of cafe storefront 
; men in tv two people are outside there background a two on cafe with the . inside and , a , 
sitting are a at coffee table a men shop two . outside 
two outside men blue sit painted a cafe . 
<unk> construction . , a building sign behind " traffic st " light <unk> and 
red in shirts site number lean a . workers railings on <unk> rest on and <unk> a of construction 
building under people that standing st near <unk> . 's in are a construction 
is under a people that building from . out several construction looking are 
partially behind <unk> several workers sign street in building standing a 
a in glass front sitting a door person in chair of a 
sitting building of outside trash green person surrounded in a a chair by . a 
of a building enjoys <unk> her meal a her . woman with outside surrounding a 
a a sitting wearing . woman a hat outside doorway red 
a sitting hat wearing of a by building outside trash a and surrounded red woman 
distance playing of with . are a a houses men in group in the rugby visible field 
green group in players a field rugby action . on a of 
colorful of white ball playing men . a a young uniforms group with in 
one so soccer lifts of ball reach the team . teammate players can a he that 
with . ball field playing a a two rugby in teams 
is snow a man snowboarding hill cover a on . 
a hillside jump . boarder ski a snowy on making a 
jump the coat snowboarder air after a white in in . a a 
snowboarder his grabs a while midair . board 
in . midair snowboarder snowy above hill 
. a or sunset looking on boy hill a standing is snowy a at <unk> 
snow in a the stands child . 
a stands sky in the pretty a . looks child at snow and 
away sunset boy , facing and distance in winter gear area . lake in in snowy 
. overlooking a mittens had red the in with standing white red a and lake someone snow and 
dog field a a in ball chasing after . a is 
ball over brown white and small a dog chases the white a . grass 
a on a chases ball white grass dog small the 
dog playing grass a . with a small the on ball is 
chasing small a dog . the ball is 
. the a himself <unk> before catches hitting ground 
street a wearing skateboarding man <unk> and black down blue striped a a shirt 
to long ground his a hill hands touches the the boy background a with in skateboarding . 
boy falling ground . , hands skateboarding <unk> residential on with street the on 
is the around while . onto skateboarder holding the ground turning 
is . geyser a person at a pointing 
. points geyser white in a a woman at a t-shirt 
geyser a at woman . pointing a 
a at pointing geyser girl is the 
women pointing . at geyser a 
are woodland two dogs a running . up path 
. run two dogs across woods the 
dogs toward trees running . two 
two stone dogs a . run path near on bench a 
from short . two camera the dogs tri-colored the away run trees in 
in outfit . dressed dancing a man a around funny 
some on a a concrete . <unk> outfit dancing person wearing 
. and a wrapping <unk> person wrapped paper in 
dressed of a like view clown person rear . a a 
the wearing and outfit is person checkered colorful a 
snowboard in background the person his the a jumps with red ocean . in 
red air in barrel the snowboarder a . a near 
. jumps a over snowboarder a barrel 
a dark , , snowboard jacket on in pants person red . 
in surfer flying snow air . 
a asian . girls standing together are group of 
center baseball a wearing . and attire cap one asian a is women the group , sports woman in in of 
various teenagers looking directions clothes in dark . four in 
several there a baseball asian wearing are one cap . people , 
other laugh look two on . girls girls while 
in stick a river rocky brown a a dog retrieves 
creek . a running a dog through 
in . with mouth dog shallow running water something his in a 
a . water with runs its shallow rocks dog a in mouth the stick in through 
splashing a soaking wet through water is dog the . 
down boy slope . a from street a is skateboard bridge a to leads below a riding the that 
guy skateboarding a . 
a tricks . a attempts male skateboard bridge by 
a bridge skateboard . man jumping under a with a 
skateboarder jumps a on urban alleyway an . 
bubble . <unk> woman <unk> a is wearing blue fat blowing top 
bubble massive a . a blows woman 
is aqua bubble shirt in a a yellow a to next by boy in is and large an woman a . shirt standing surrounded 
while appears glass the . woman looks in a child to blue on blowing 
large in blowing shirt very woman blue bubble 
on dog a brown couch . sits a 
some sitting <unk> paper after a dog on looks bed a up <unk> 
very laying around bed paper pieces all a . of on with dog large a him 
<unk> lying nearby a person a . watching dog bed with on the paper is and nearby 
on the brown sat the paper dog large by . <unk> wrapping bed 
and swimming dog water in white brown a 
whilst a dog to splash brown . trying making swim is a big 
and a dog . splashes swims 
<unk> a splashing water . looks the while dog tan in white and 
dog . splashing water and swimming through 
black a a with licks its . collar own mouth dog brown 
dog a nose his licks . 
its dog . large licking nose a 
brown dog . nose licking collar black with 
sticking . dog out tongue its 
dog a black playing with and brown stick a 
a . black brown stick a with dog plays long and 
its <unk> . a legs dog a gets with stick 
a large black . chews on stick dog a 
a the dog is biting stick . 
jumps . with a in a mouth dog its bar a over ball 
dog brown obstacle its tennis and jumping is white and . a ball in mouth a holding over an fluffy 
brown low a ball jumping with mouth tennis and over white his . rail dog a in 
the mouth ball his dog . in jumping is with a 
ball obstacle tennis a and yellow over small . the dog an white with jumps 
ocean , , above a outstreached . the wings crane 
on a . large landing bird water 
large a bird to begins gray take flight . and white 
over wings <unk> water bird . 
large the . bird water dark over 
a with in a . dog plays the grass toy 
grass <unk> . toy with int playfully a rolls he a over 
with black playing toy grass a on and rolling the . dog and tan 
in grass ball while chewing dog rolling up 
of game resting fetch is the . dog after a 
climbing . man stump <unk> a a skier camera a tree 
a in on tree has a ski watching man while another is jumped man 
. jumping a while off it a <unk> in the person someone tree is of side skis 
while doing being skier a man a pole by trick on photographed another 
tree a man jumps through a skier the while to , <unk> . , air tall next him a 
front fence a in of in . are the the snow dogs 
snow the on . dogs play the 
snow dogs fight . in brown playfully two the 
dogs wrestle . snow brown in the two 
dogs the . in snow two playing 
is man snowboarding a hill snowy down a . 
coat and a snow snowboarding is a red off a of hill in tan person . 
an a is snowboard a on airborne . jacket snowboarder orange in 
a jumping snowy snowboarder is a over hill 
sliding air hill a on man covered snowboard down . a snow the in 
dark the night in a outside jumps ramp . a bicycler 
. sitting the on the a is woods bike in of a middle man 
a bike person trick a on a doing 
jumping black air is the person a bike on a . a through jacket in 
trick motorcycle the a a on . air man in performing 
. goes a bicycle downhill 
a a jumps and mound bicyclist field a wearing over helmet blue dark jacket . in a a 
bike in riding a a a jacket blue man 
. on hill biking a is man a 
rides hill their bike a person a . down 
a holding pink sunglasses newspaper in elderly an woman 
woman is an . older newspapers <unk> two carrying in a patterned shirt 
old pink busy with two in an a is magazines street . woman sunglasses holding 
sunglasses a . hands wearing newspapers both large woman in holds 
. woman holds two wearing sunglasses newspapers a 
. empty makes mountain a the only on path skier an 
. snowy red mountain slides snowboarder jacket a in a down a 
down red a jacket a a mountain is wearing . going snowboarder 
a red a snow . descending snowboarder mountain covered wearing is 
snowy in red skier mountain . skiing a down 
a red dark-haired . , preparing , throw a woman young and white to number put shot , wearing <unk> is 
a in girl competition is . <unk> a 
shot uniform and woman . in red put athletic white throwing 
. a is race a woman to around about track 
<unk> athlete ready . getting to throw 
playground . baby at crawls a a 
baby a . a baseball crawls tube in through shirt a 
a for . smiling baby camera the 
a tube baby small a . a in park at 
a boy a through looks . young tube 
. grass in dog black , looks on a a while brown horse at the a stands fence 
horse fence a head black its . a reach trying to through sticking grass the 
horse a a looking its dog that a . is black sticking brown head at fence is through 
horse the the black dog . looking of a gate other on side brown the is at 
horse a other dog in at . a and each field look 
female hitting a tennis the player ball 
air tennis to has a the jumped a woman tennis white outfit . ball hit in into a 
tennis a a up woman to . ball hit outfit in jumping is white the 
woman a jumps the up ball white tennis wearing match hit a during . to 
reaches wearing herself a ball above woman hit a . to tennis high white 
children hardwood on <unk> . dancing 
or inside children playing . are dancing two 
. a house in two dance on floor hardwood little girls the 
on girls two little dancing floor the 
a young . in girls house two playing 
lining up with tennis a . female to player is racquet swing a take her 
swings white racket her back . wearing tennis girl a 
the gets ball to hit in a . ready white player tennis 
a tennis woman playing in <unk> . a white 
young . a playing tennis woman 
have been women <unk> . the 
black in their have women knee <unk> two face and . on 
, two a in sitting to , chair one , women . appear other standing injured be the 
. <unk> <unk> two sport women 
women while standing underneath a white two tent talk . 
a side camera his the dog runs mouth <unk> out his the , toward hanging of 
striking , <unk> the . dog park in fur its a fur sun golden <unk> runs 
this . a the running on colored of with dog out grass tongue light hanging mouth 
tan grass dog . runs along the a 
in the . park dog the plays 
outfits wearing . , a in and hot <unk> two snowy white gazing stand towards a pink setting mountain 
mountain ropes two dressed people white gloves in pink and the . look at 
white off in stare sheets up a at dressed in . pink two the distance gloves glacier covered people and snow 
snowy in look a people two robes mountain white . at 
. in wearing at white pink plastic people two a and distance gesture mountain the 
flies through air the biker a . near sand dunes 
a while in the with their bike a background holds <unk> onto in . air the biker 
into the jumping air a cyclist 
holding . person the a a on to in bicycle air 
bicycle person the their . holding a onto in jumps air high 
display carnival <unk> a in at couple a gazes at a 
a , round colorful , is . there looking wheel man in two and a at red children large 
. three people standing game at carnival a are 
two play carnival people a at game a . 
a two a before wheel at people . stand carnival spinning 
a . in snow the catches toy a dog 
snow a playing . the dog in 
playing snow in catch dog , a the ready toy a to 
in field stands about catch black a dog to object an white snowy . it is while a and 
collar snow with . running a dog in red the 
smiling platform <unk> sitting girls on 
is laughing the older and younger holding outside girl girl the 
enjoying spinning are girls themselves platform on two . a 
sitting girls are on platform together . spinning two a 
two park in a . <unk> playing girls 
in off the is woods rocks blue . a a in boy top some jumping 
. boy a rock tan jumps off a 
woods up jumps . the field in boy a in a 
off forest in jumps a boy a young the rock 
child woods hill in grey shirt the blue in and off jumping 
a next stream a a . to jumps over log bulldog 
in dog <unk> a a an with at is fallen nearby . area a <unk> stream log 
black limb dog grabs white tree and 
jumps the black . near creek and a dog log a by white 
the the with dog plays log large . 
. man <unk> a large sits military in a store 
behind is <unk> with in a table man a glasses . military <unk> sitting 
. and at table items a clothing military a man sitting of full is 
a sits man crowded military a at . table with merchandise 
from . shows things war different a <unk> off 
. a upside lies down on dog grass the 
the on rolls dog back grass . in its a 
on rolling and the dog around . white brown grass 
its grass around . in the on back rolling dog 
back on the the with open is dog mouth on . wide grass its its rolling 
older small an woman with dog in the a snow 
are cat . snow a woman the outside and a in 
snow vest animal with woman walking . brown on a an in the a is 
a with a cat head covering on . her red scarf woman walks ground with snow-covered her 
cat with woman in snow set heavy a 
shoreline a chases on black dog the birds 
the is on shore ocean two the black . birds of dog a chasing 
dog a . is beside the beach running along the ocean 
waves birds shore with . background running in on dog three the black behind 
running . beach is along there dog a the 
leather at points off striped and something in man jacket camera shirt a . a 
his points and a a smiles , sweater sunglasses leather striped and in man a jacket red . finger , 
man <unk> while a sidewalk , and jacket standing on with . at , glasses something black shirt and dark red a white a pointing a 
. pointing a down man shaggy hair with a and a moustache street 
and glasses the the grey shirt . with is and man pointing red 
jumps . dog water blurry a through 
of out small the a water jumping dog tan 
the brown small . jumping of out water dog 
dog the the runs through . water fuzzy 
out water wet the , . brown jumping dog of 
entrance in clothes arms leaning upraised building a man dark a off . with of 
in glass . on man doors a of steps brick front building a on skateboard a 
building . skateboard skateboard the his rider a of down riding steps a 
skateboarding the on steps the man black the the building shirt front is of in . 
pants of t-shirt skateboarder front building black brick is red wearing the . a the and black in 
her a in holding of red . front lady a dog truck stand 
front white black a parked sidewalk on carrying a in and dog . cars a parallel woman of 
holding woman a black . and a dog white 
with lady her . for a poses dog young photo 
. on holding street woman dog 
a skateboard grinding a on handrail . a down boy 
metal boy at the handrail night skateboards down . a 
stairs a man is skateboarding on railing down some . a 
. slides a a down railing skateboarder metal 
boy skateboarding down metal does tricks a . young stairs 
the looking at the . man left on and man the the woman is 
two and front and . white are woman in blue the one wearing building standing of a men jackets 
an are in front . of three people standing arcade 
building in a in front . blue coats people of three stand 
in three . people of door a mostly blue are front standing wearing black 
a boy on . swing a 
swinging little a and . a on river boy swing a some trees beside is 
a high very toddler swings . back 
in a air . the boy young is riding swing a high 
. small background on swing child swinging a in the trees with 
arms looks is a boy boy blue out has whilst and room on a in a apron wearing <unk> . in craft a <unk> white 
a for crowd indoors people gather of meal a . 
adults . full room of and a children 
. community children a at <unk> dinner 
a yellow foreground with in a and <unk> in brown wearing the people school stripes boy 
hug one , with indoors camera at , two <unk> tattoos and . smile 
two for women with . other the each hug camera tattoos <unk> 
tattoos other , women one and smile two hold each , . with 
posing each and in holding close-up other women two young . 
a young posing two for women picture 
a trampoline the on in . brown background with a white a forest dog and 
trampoline dog with white collar getting a red and on a brown a 
trampoline dog on . gets a a 
dog a with collar red on trampoline a 
out white trampoline the and on with its standing tongue hanging is brown . dog a 
wearing man . is red carrying cameras a sunglasses two 
and sunglasses . two wearing stands a a person , boat cameras 
. and the grey a a poses for jacket person camera wearing sunglasses 
grey a pink a jacket woman wearing and sunglasses 
red of a in and front standing is cameras gray holding the jacket sunglasses . car with and a man 
and a purple sash is girl matching . a skirt wearing 
onstage perform . together group a of people 
performers outstretched onstage . with stand arms their costumed 
play performers a . performing 
doing costumes three . <unk> ballet are in <unk> people 
to ladies . two building next a stroller inside a 
stroller two in stand near a a building dark . woman 
a carriage in baby table chairs and women building a to . next a two with 
with in restaurant a women fancy two . baby stroller a 
chair two women to a next table and standing . with strollers 
white grassy and a by ball yellow trees a brown a . field surrounded dog in has caught 
dog a is jumping ground brown toy mouth yellow in a his grassy the off with 
with ball fluffy dog a jumping a brown his . mouth in 
a dog jumping . fluffy toy is and a catching white 
shaggy leaps ball the the and dog catches . 
. a golden and with person outside snow the in <unk> skis standing with a standing poles 
outside . snow in man a a storm and a dog 
in a the skis standing person is on snow . dog a with 
dog the are . in person and a skis standing with snow 
skiing a is snow with . the man in large the dog brown 
surfboard a man . yellow in white a top <unk> shorts and riding bright on is a 
man yellow surfboard a a <unk> . wave rides an on 
yellow rides a surfboard a man . 
board a on man . surfs a yellow 
. yellow on board long surfer 
a next skateboard boy the on a to on near . grass water is wall and a 
skateboard is on stone wall on riding boy a a a 
skateboarder jump . preparing off wall to stone of 
the trick the wall a does on low . stone skateboarder 
a in man skateboarding suburban on <unk> . a area wall young 
. bicyclist on rides a ramps 
air a . trick bike in does the a rider 
a a ramp performs trick . a bike on man 
<unk> <unk> bmx extreme rider 
doing a a <unk> in bicycle person on . tricks 
waves <unk> . the his goes kayak in the water a <unk> yellow man as 
<unk> yellow water in white some a man . a kayak 
a riding man rapids a . yellow in through kayak 
man through a yellow rapids . paddling in is kayak the 
the a . canoe large in man wave yellow the is in 
a a in ball catching a dog field snowy . 
the . a in dog ball snow the catching 
a the in ball leaps dog . to a catch snow 
with dog playing ball . a in white the snow a 
in black the ball snow dog . catches 
and <unk> or <unk> sculpture man woman female is placing a on jewelry an decorated . 
<unk> performer a wearing a 
. person a clothing being <unk> feathers and dressed with in 
her . onstage before out going gets <unk> the dancer makeup 
<unk> <unk> men drag two . 's costume 
wheelchair man a cup holding into a a to in for some a man out homeless change put is 
a to man a . <unk> <unk> 
from <unk> a a a <unk> . bound wheelchair <unk> person 
wheelchair man in for <unk> begging elderly 
and shirt the in . to the hat in tan the wheelchair man the gives man 
at the ocean at person waters edge the an runs . 
running edge a at is the . person across waters beach the 
backlit through a . legs person the , 's , surf run 
along beach the sun . someone runs the bright in 
running someone beach are over shore . a frame 's in legs 
in a does a sand . the man handstand 
beach doing in shallow on handstand . water a the man a 
man on . a the a is handstand performing beach 
beach does a a topless . on male a handstand 
the of sand on wet at a male the handstand at edge beach doing water is the the the . 
group friends of woods the middle the . play instruments of in a 
woods a are instruments playing . people in the of group 
in group people . woods instruments a the playing of 
a lot wooded parking in instruments a a six group of men . circle in stand playing 
have six . woods men band in a the practice 
street city both . sides talking down bunch people them a of old of with a are on buildings 
. street crowded a <unk> in 
in people lined . street tall of crowd tan buildings with 
people surrounding crossing with of a group them . street building 
people walking street a on . 
child by a a swing being woman pushed kiddie on a 
a . swing a on with adult an child smiles 
the a boy background swing buildings in visible a young chair a swings in as with . young watches woman blond 
stands woman a swing , child in next the outdoors a . to 
child , . woman a a with swing on standing 
the brown a snow . dog a with in fighting black dog 
and at dogs black other barking each on and teeth showing snow , . brown 
dogs two the . fighting are in snow 
two the dogs in fighting snow . 
two snow in the fight dogs . 
photo and wearing bow . tie a man a glasses for poses a 
bow a tie and green wearing a man . glasses 
the camera . no with man a with a looks expression at bow-tie 
made dollar glasses camera of wearing out is bow-tie . and with into looking man a a a the 
old glasses an toward the man green and a bow-tie looking . wearing camera 
homeless guys . two guy holding one a sign with 
two homeless are and up sign a men holding a brick leaning . wall cardboard on 
with men cardboard two . homeless a stand outside sign 
a young holding sign cardboard two men . homeless 
holding a men stand young against wall sign a two . 
shirt girl girl another is . blue a with in a smiling 
closeup each two women other hugging of 
. two middle camera for the smile women aged 
photo a of a drink blurred sharing taking two their women faces 
smile . the with two around each their into women arms other camera 
guy taken photo and having their a . girl 
woman a black is <unk> drink a shirt a by man . being holding wearing a 
holding woman man a a with drink a poses . 
woman man tattooed handbag a with posing . a carrying a yellow 
cup woman who around man dyed a has is . a her arm hair the with holding brown blonde and 
watch of play beer man a teammate female game as his his . shot <unk> and they a a 
is a man throwing red ball a . small at white some cups 
to cups a a . man red trying throw ball into 
people play <unk> beer . 
to the next brown . a are house people two 
laying is a camera girl and at down . the man yellow is looking in 
relaxing . couch are woman on back a man laid and the a 
purple yellow man a a in in shirt front woman a shirt a . in of 
a back leans and her camera a a on lays down woman with man the taking . picture 
laying themselves pictures other of people two each while taking young atop 
are in girl walking an asian . a park and boy 
asian boy trees path girl walking over their . a and an amongst crowd with 
with pink jacket a brown a a teenage girl jacket walks and asian boy teenage in in . an black 
along park two . girls asian walk the 
asian jackets in teens two 
tennis a plays man white . in headband blue and shirt a 
player the crowd the . flying , as a he hit tennis go watches ball watches 
to player . <unk> tennis in ready the ball tennis getting a match a 
player <unk> a . tennis in 
in middle the player tennis game a a . of 
jumping and black through white a snow the dog 
jumping high dog . snow a black through 
dog hill . jumps snowy a black a down 
a dog . out jumps of a pile white black thick snow of 
the black the is through snow . gliding dog down 
group working people large colorful . gloves a <unk> on with on of 
the <unk> working a on . on ground artists 
knees their making hands group ground . and on on the people down are something of 
. people are <unk> on ground the painting colored 
. on painting sidewalk the women three 
posing smiling together each a couple 
a a . on a woman shirt man a brown in smiling leans in sweater 
camera and grey at a brown man in in a look woman . the 
blond hair smile hair with man a with woman brown . and 
a smiling girl two and guys . 
in edge sit a large at a people of . group lawn the chairs cliff of 
from the take people cliff a in . view folding chairs in 
chairs rocky a people steep sitting . overlooking on incline 
in sit several people chairs a canyon near . 
<unk> on several <unk> chairs people near formation a sitting . 
people . stand the snow group a in in mountain of a 
is over house a person on skis jumping . a 
jumps . a a snowboarder over shed 
person people a watch mountain down as . skis a 
skiiers . snowy on a mountain 
digging a a dog . hole brown 
dog plant a of a in brown digging front a hole 
is digging a dog in dirt brown . a the hole 
yard in a hole . a a dog digs 
hole there is nearby a dog digging a brown is while . plant this 
blue sledge dusk is boy green a riding at a the hat . on snow a in 
the a in a snow child <unk> . in 
dusk plays a . sled a the child in snow at with 
at on sled green a little night boy . a 
little as sled on a boy the sets a goes . snow over sun hill green of 
water off in shaking a . dog while brown big is , the 
dog the its a is shaking in head water . brown 
is down water that off is a . shaking in dog 
brown in . the a begins <unk> water dog to large while standing 
the . water and shaking the wading large in dog 
and of the . white out water leaping dog black a 
. dog a the and plays water in brown large white 
through water dog runs . a 
and dog the ocean white black a runs in water large 
deep emerges from water a dog . wet 
a snowy mountain down a . parachuting man 
parachute with red . soaring a man a 
a in parachute a wearing skis and man midair 
on landing a . a <unk> is mountain 
wearing . red skis a person is also with parachute a <unk> 
<unk> adults on a subway . young several car posing 
together for six . the people a subway pose on picture 
people six are train on subway a for . posing photograph a young 
camera for young inside . of posing train people a the six 
cutting people on subway . young up a six 
. player a a upward basketball hand her for reaches looks ball as 
block a and a an . player while female uniform basketball wearing her is a trying arm up looking red is basketball to holding 
has look face <unk> basketball in a and her woman a . hands female a her on 
arm the player 's attempts with holding while block to <unk> . her a <unk> ball woman basketball another player 
with red holding looking basketball . basketball a jersey and a woman is a up 
holding a boy soda a can in a waterfall 
. can man holding in a a waterfall a 
drink can up man water a while in <unk> is a . holding 
man a is waterfall <unk> . under standing a a with drink 
holding a water young , <unk> man soda in splashes the a 
the in a surfing ocean . man 
him hold around on surf a the wave catches to a tries as . and surfer <unk> 
surfboard is top wave of riding surfer on a . a a breaking 
wave riding surfer a is a water a . in body of large 
a on a wave . surfer 
. dog in duck a a pond chasing a 
away , duck the . as close dog flies the swims 
is duck a white river dog a a in chasing 
is dog swimming a after white a duck . 
dog a away bird lake in a while a is white swimming . flies 
in . black dog red a and snow wearing rolls coat the brown a 
jacket in laying tan black a . in orange dog and snow the a 
on brown snow a black an lies the with dog in orange and . vest 
dog a the rolls wearing jacket snow a in . 
an is laying jacket wearing the dog snow in orange a 
two the item to two watch boys outside side couple them young a off while young . show stand a barn as girls an 
and adults share some ladies the children to stand young looking at side in something and , the . 
adults open . stand outside children barn of and 
a barn . people a group outside of 
a two of in another front standing by family . wooden are girls a barn 
a purple line straight in posing a and dressed asian of girls group pink in 
line . near girls up flags some asian 
shoulders colors one . on holding child , in several a her women line in <unk> stand 
asian women <unk> six dressed in . for pose a picture 
one her and are purple there child a women . in and pink on five shoulders has 
and who look . a group kid jumped stand of at people a 
of a on skateboard a ramp . a people off group <unk> watches boy a 
of trick a a . a in on a skateboard front guy crowd performs 
. group at a of do watching skate a park skateboarder tricks people 
a a . skate top of boy watching people a on the at skateboard ramp are 
sled snow man a riding in jacket dog . blue a covered a over plain a 
is man dogs snow the a by . sled his a pulled through on 
of team a . a pulling dog is sled dogs 
. a sled on team pulling man a of dogs a 
sled man snow the on pull through dogs a . a five 
in . <unk> playing a on girl is overalls a 
overalls a . backyard blue little <unk> a plays on girl in in a 
a garden the in is <unk> girl a see on <unk> redheaded 
on sitting . <unk> backyard the redheaded a in girl 
plays the . the <unk> <unk> young girl on redheaded 
of meal people with . are a crowd view of enjoying mountaintop a a a 
. people at sit restaurant a <unk> group of a outside a ski 
of in covered the large . snow a people with group mountains background 
tables many sitting mountains covered at overlooking people . wooden are snow 
<unk> a outdoors mountain people on at snowy a . <unk> 
green in black holding group hands pants a men of shirts and 
. square people in black dancing boston a 
green in pants the on four . posing men street and shirts black 
a . in outfits men of matching several and black front in monument green 
. t-shirts performance street wearing do green three men a 
. prepares for wings landing , blue a , , <unk> outstreached 
is markings . water a with gray near black flying and <unk> water white 
large a is bird over . water flying 
. the bird black large over a gliding water is 
water with gray bird large flies the near legs . yellow a 
object a woman is holding chews a rocky . an on sandy beach dog and the 
woman in dog a in <unk> a holds an front of . interested 
woman beach with dog a a playing on . rock and large is the a 
beach a dog and white on wearing playing shirt tan the woman pink a a with 
. beach on playing dog woman a with 
back around <unk> bull a . 's bucking rope to hangs bull a on , a large rider 
<unk> a <unk> a back in 's man . bull rides 
. a wearing man bull is pants blue a bucking riding 
a in a colorful outfit is a <unk> riding bull 
bull a rodeo . a riding at <unk> 
in black and shirt hill . little down striped grassy a walks a red boy a 
. a grass jeans sweatshirt and in young striped in running boy a the 
and red boy black in grass . shirt walks through 
coat runs in boy grassy . striped down hill , hooded 
small running a boy the grassy through . area is 
a sits on in . bags a with blue man wall 
bags some bench a . with on a sits man 
outside man camera . a a bags with and sitting 
hoodie his sitting . blue an is bags in man older next down a to 
bench two sitting bags with on his a older . man is 
game hockey . a 
. professional the goalie a puck reaches hockey during for a game 
to hockey during game goal a a make ice , tries an man . 
other players observe hockey shot a goalie from player . rival a as blocks 
around hockey goalie a . players 
a smiles in a <unk> . girl shirt 
. young gather in as others a smiles costume a woman 
wearing girls , one . around costumes stand smiles 
in crowd girls in her several face shines a smiling sun while the one is and . are 
girls <unk> , . wear costumes fancy two 
down . dogs kick hill up dirt two a while running 
the two in running dogs dirt 
two dirt the dogs in running . 
. through and run two dogs dirt weeds 
yellow two on dogs . running sand 
dog the in snow a 
dog . through walks snow the a 
<unk> . stands golden dog in a snow looks as he 
the in a yellow snow dog . 
snow in tan colored the sized is medium . out there dog a 
. field a covered is running snow and dog white a across black 
and field a through snowy black white dog . is running a 
snow running a . in dog 
a runs on . a snowy field dog 
. through spots covered white dog with field a a in snow runs black 
a large is <unk> of in to water body running dog a splash . it 
water dog . through jumps a 
. the in water running a dog 
running through water . a dog 
the dog across sprints a water . 
slope on a snowboarding making a guy . move a 
lone a snowboarder snowy a on in the <unk> mountain air 
through a the air flies snow . the above snowboarder 
a a in snowboarder snow midair over . hill 
trick a performing snowboarder . a 
dog walking the brown . and woods a are a through black 
black running . are a dog and brown a 
dog front black eye brown a around one with a a of walking in spot dog . 
running are path along grassy dogs two a . 
dogs two through the . running grass 
jumps forward a large stick carrying a dog . 
dog in a runs his trail mouth with a down . a stick 
a in dog mouth runs stick with a its . large 
a . forest runs in stick mouth a with his a in dog 
long his stick in white mouth a with running dog down a a path 
a concrete a on birds and group wall on up <unk> white lined 
row in of sitting a grey a is front of . birds cloud 
birds a concrete sitting on are . wall many 
on a many sit . ledge birds 
framed <unk> against pigeons storm . a 
next crowded . is parked a staircase a black to <unk> 
in black crowd a with steps a marble of people of limousine . front a buildings building the on 
the black of limousine a with lot parked in a building . a on people front steps of large 
of on of front a people limousine steps . in group a 
. structure parked older limousine a is outside large small a 
a competing of are bunch in race a dogs . 
track greyhounds . a sand are racing on five 
are on track racing greyhounds the . muzzled 
several around greyhound track a muzzled dogs racing 
dog in dog blue . races vest at lead the the 2 in the number is the 
<unk> . a carnival night at 
people at group of at a fair stand gather a the . 
a booths carnival at 
booths background with at a the are shown a <unk> game carnival in the shop . 
carnival a people standing at are around . the 
an at <unk> . boys 
platform are four a . posed stone guys on 
<unk> in make with to their <unk> abandoned building front a a guys four trying of 
structure in playfully four kids pose <unk> unusual 
kids four on a stage . pose 
metal a <unk> group bucket , naked of yellow large . young <unk> children and a near 
group of a young naked children outside <unk> 
bathing are . in the children falling water 
in . drums <unk> water from large children 
water a naked stream of <unk> . outside children under 
while . performing with with backdrop onstage colorful toy a child a balloon is a 
hoops blue in background hula with leotard a a a on . <unk> balloon in the stage girl 
of little . behind hoop does a hula a a balloons backdrop girl 
front a colorful young of hula in dances a backdrop girl . 
is many a balloons hoop with . by onstage performing surrounded hula girl 
across . walking store a a front of crosswalk a group in are people of 
a a street walking people across group of 
a are four crosswalk the crossing people street . baby and at a 
four a in walking street and . child people the 
the street crossing people 
red man standing woman car the with next a a shirt a in a background to in black shirt . a in 
' in red a in a shirt with streaks hair a are ' and . her <unk> girl says that purple man smiling 
man a purple her with and a streaks in . hair a <unk> shirt red with woman 
man pose picture lady . and the for a 
purple the the hair shirt red . streaks man while is with in has standing , wearing woman him a her 
. the biker speeds a woods a in dirt path down 
through bike shirt and a with riding kid woods a a helmet white the 
in cyclist path . dirt riding woods down the 
forest fall the . a <unk> during biking in mountain 
the path a . on wooded rides cyclist 
dog a out creek of a jumps . 
in . dog creek a a white 
white . is a natural dog water jumping in 
a stream jump into from off shaking yellow dog a . a 
the dog river playing in water the beige murky is . furry 
jumping and white ball to the up in is . park catch a dog a brown 
. a a <unk> on well lawn ball park dog tennis a chases 
. tennis and ball in jumps a a midair white for brown dog 
park <unk> . dog , white , and a a in brown 
white tries the dog a high in tennis . catch a ball to air 
a nearby <unk> a bald is man building an . with opening smiling 
. is white <unk> smiling with man and a mustache an a 
an <unk> a man mustache . wears 
a headphones with smiling a a mustache grey man and 
. <unk> a mustache bald <unk> the white the with man is wearing 
bird lands a in the water . 
land in wading <unk> , . to water a blue prepares bird 
above water body its wings has spread a a bird of large 
a water . towards feet with diving pelican the out 
bird flight in there to about land is <unk> . an water the on 
a performs a skateboarding a down of . stairs trick boy set 
skateboards the stairs boy some a railing of graffiti down 
of blue the . is a standing stairs a with railing flight on shirt a boy of 
on his a skateboarder down handrail slides feet a . 
in teenage much with does area his . boy graffiti an on skateboard tricks a 
kayaker <unk> the . rapids a 
down of a in front kayak rapids a man in a green waterfall some paddles 
man kayaking rapids . a down 
through rapids kayaking river in a a man 
person wearing paddles down green . and rapids and an top <unk> in a canoe a orange carrying black 
shorts is wave . under a man colorful in surfing a 
surfboard on white . trunks man a in surfing colorful wave a a 
a wave a clear in ocean a blue surfer rides . 
a . surfs wave a surfer 
wave a riding . multicolor man trunks in a on surfboard 
a is blonde wearing . knee a and helmet , and pads <unk> girl , rollerblades silver 
protective sits child on and inline a skates a with gear curb . 
child a . sitting on rollerblades wearing and curb a 
knee rollerblades silver helmet the is , , girl a wearing blonde . pads and 
a break the girl rollerblading takes from . 
gliding the water . parasail are in people red the the over 
. gliding people two hang are 
with seated are parachute red and a . people flying big are two 
glider the float air red through . white and two on a people 
red hang from black skies behind gliding a with glider cloudy blue , , people . white them and two 
is the a leaving in a water man while . wetsuit waterskiing 
riding is a and man the above from pulled in ocean board . is a being 
a waterskiing on man . one ski is 
. the single holding board man a one hand on with support a riding on a , to water 
glider . a water 
dog . white and a in stands snow the deep brown 
snow the . in dog a 
trees a stands dog . surrounded snow in by deep 
in <unk> to snow dog stands . up his a 
snow dog in . sits 
a couple . holding wooded trail another woman a hands are down walking and 
and lined a couple road beside hands them pose a dirt a . holding standing tree woman on 
a the three <unk> . forest friends on in 
on three . a people the woods through stand path 
a posing on man and rural path a two women 
bmx uniform black in on a a dirt a red rider and bike bike . 
. bike person a a on bmx 
rides a helmet the woods black bike . through red person a a wearing 
helmet with in red the bike riding biker dirt . woods 
the getting to ready rider bike dirt . slope start down 
is in men man yellow a leaping blue toward . in 
field grassy a on a . soccer game 
soccer jumping blue alongside team team is two a player while players run yellow other on players . 
the blue wearing in are , red . yellow guys , running and grass 
another jumping man . a during the grass on in game 
is dog white a and with ball its . jumping mouth air in brown the a tennis in 
jumping in air brown . wooden white dog near a and fence a the 
dog barks concrete courtyard in . at <unk> plants a a 
a midair catches . in dog ball a 
tan in a a mouth dog and with ball its . yellow up jumps white 
weather a a black and man stick with dressed dog plays his with brown cold for . 
and with vest man plays a brown glasses dog in a . brown a 
playing and dog vest pants brown man in . tug-of-war a with is orange a 
a take stick a away dog a tries . from brown to man 
tugging stick his on in a mouth dog man a little has a that 
watching . girl a family phone walk a by the is on 
the a background stands dress family a in in walks while . a girl 
. watch and talks cellphone while nearby woman a men on her walks 
staring blue a guys walking dress woman by a wearing a group of 
of front lady group on a cellphone men walking . in a of 
jumping in are girls two high air . the 
two high the . up pine of front in girls are trees jumping 
in two girls trees the with background midair in 
and floral , in with two girls with mid leap other shirt jeans black red shirt one pants 
leap . through air two the girls 
a and a man go a <unk> ride boy 
a helps boy . a a man <unk> <unk> 
boy . with go an man little cart a drives a old 
in and cart riding man child go . 
teaching kid . little old man drive to 
<unk> sits <unk> on . child a of amid <unk> surface with multicolored paint with paint paint covered a 
a plays . with child paint 
little covered a room playing paint her . in girl herself has white been and with and shirt a 
paint a of mess . child young a sitting in 
<unk> young paint a . of mess in everywhere child sitting a 
with a dog and . a brown dog wrestles gray white 
a grass a dog romp brown and the dog in white and brown 
two other playing in with grass are around . rolling and each dogs the 
in dogs two . area playing a grassy are 
the in dogs two wrestling grass 
at with a a crowd small is watching a bull riding . man rodeo setting a 
a . a bucking man at a riding bull rodeo 
watching with people riding bull 
and being are people rider group bull by . the a observed of 
man cowboy there is a hat a a white riding with bull . 
. dog carries is it while ball a dog tennis a running another behind 
with the . ball a dog another in holding runs dog in its mouth a background 
field . dogs white running in and a black two 
. on a white has black dogs its ball dirt which and , one two walking in of mouth 
mouth dogs in in . are two a running one the , with dirt ball its 
a plaid <unk> playing red bearded in the bagpipes is grey . gentleman 
in man a the playing with foreground beard bagpipes a 
parade walk a <unk> of city a street . through 
dress . several in <unk> <unk> 
white the bagpipe with . the man playing a is beard red 
is in doing blonde man a people of of . front a haired <unk> a small crowd 
. to audience a an <unk> his product man 
a a is product <unk> in man . striped a shirt 
standing man part above and car behind a a head there and hanging is of his is desk . red 
off to people man a shows <unk> . many his 
man blue in a plays headband a tennis . 
. a a during running match tennis man 
with a running in across . is the player hand a his racquet tennis court 
man running of closeup racket a tennis a with 
wearing white and headband tennis . playing , is man blue this , shirt a 
sunglasses a a and in at a and white man a with four sit black sunglasses beer in shirt bottles man a shirt and . table 
sitting , around are two their both guys there beers in . table hands with a 
table men drinking at beers two a 
a sit two drinking beer men in . table at sunglasses 
men . round beer a sit two at table and small drink 
a man coat jumps a blue yellow in ski an . 
a skis on person jumping down . a hill 
splits legs or skier a . a air <unk> her hill the over while his ski flying 
a a . the area snowy over high a in trick is air skier performing 
high . snow skier the above jumping the is 
snow dog runs . frisbee through carrying the brown a a 
a the running mouth in is dog a through with brown its snow frisbee . 
red dog a the frisbee snow catches in a . 
its frisbee a dog mouth a in . holding 
carrying a snow red in frisbee the a is . dog running 
a a in learning an from of children costume , dance group . instructor 
. colored are bright clothes and dancing in children adults 
a beside a performing in are colorful children stage costumes on . white building 
are . over clothes their with colorful dancing little skirts kids 
hand gestures . people the are making 
is tree a playing dalmatian . near a 
chews . small branch of on a a tree a dalmation 
dog . hind while tree a bites on branch legs up on dalmation his small a a 
to a tree wears a young a next . hat dalmatian 
a tree on the dog spotted chews . 
<unk> a white plaid face dress 's dog her a in lady . 
greyhound on an sidewalk white a the with woman old standing . is 
a woman in dog plaid of collar a holding dress a the . white 
a sidewalk woman . with white her poses dog on a 
dress woman sidewalk next wearing a the plaid on a white to standing dog a 
bald operating a is . shirt man a blue in <unk> <unk> a 
operating stove an wood open apron . an a in man 
<unk> a . man operating a 
a man . black wearing apron a cooking is 
<unk> wearing the blue is . man jean shorts 
<unk> <unk> of spiderman <unk> with a bearded . wears <unk> hooded costume man a 
wears spider-man man . an a <unk> made a of outfit <unk> 
outfit spiderman man covering wearing with a mask a face . also his a 
print outfit on a hood face a with . up his looks a wearing spiderman person 
man is wearing . spiderman outfit the a 
at on a of a <unk> skateboard guy a <unk> lots air 
a in shirt a a performing skateboarder jump . green is 
city a the skateboarder . in 
a ramp skateboarder green a jumping a on shirt wearing 
doing skateboarder tricks in air in shirt . green 
children under an awning in village stand three a 
children standing three . a clothes are hut outside in <unk> <unk> 
of children . home stand three in front their 
<unk> standing . near children three 
children together three <unk> . 
goes snow <unk> black-and-white on the a a ball dog . for 
in the white . orange black a is snow ball playing with and an dog 
black a ball . a the is in <unk> snow dog chasing 
dog getting the snow a a ball in 
is dog red white a little snow in ball the <unk> black and . the 
. are sign the looking a kids two at 
advertisement concrete . large children a wall looking a up at two fashion on 
two shop . little a window <unk> boys 
a two to children standing . jeans small next advertisement 
small display window a to next stand two . children 
while a <unk> bath takes . baby watch a 
a a bunch child the watching in . bathtub people of 
of the stands looking adults small in bath a bathroom . group in child the down a 
four adults taking . old a around bath toddler a is a while stand bathtub 
baby standing some people a a bath . around are taking watching 
dog green . black across grass running a 
running in grass a black . dog 
runs grass black tongue in a the hanging , . its out dog 
<unk> a runs across grassy black a field 
grass dog running in black small 
dog brown wind his through lying blows . field a on a fur the grassy is as 
in . the dog a grass playing 
field in golden grassy running retriever is a a 
running a mountain field a a dog is . yellow near in 
through dog . grass running in the the sun the is 
looks off farm equipment the a . brown by distance into some dog 
construction a dark brown . dog on standing equipment 
the off into dog looking . a distance 
a standing with a . tractor a grey beside dog collar matching 
collar sky . clear with dog a to blue background looking brown in brown with left 
. a player the to ball tennis hit about 
ready . player return ball to a gets the tennis 
a at tennis player . match in a <unk> 
to hit a black ball back player swings wearing shirt tennis a yellow . a 
and in white playing tennis man . black 
<unk> . gets to hit <unk> a ball tennis ready 
<unk> tennis plays <unk> . 
holding a . mid player a racquet tennis game in 
waiting . tennis up dressed and in holds for the black white his racket ball man 
tennis player . getting tennis ready play to 
baseball player on an the in audience of field is a . <unk> 
sports white stretching black and . cap a top stadium a is a in backwards man in 
man a hat throw to swings back his arm . white a wearing 
tennis a to player . about serve 
<unk> tennis player the . is ball 
. a man red in kayak a 
a a man a through red wave kayak <unk> in 
kayak kayaking ocean a on an man is . in orange the 
in a person ocean rides in waves . kayak a the 
kayaker moving through rough is . male the the water 
of group a a in are a of standing . of suits front men statue lion in 
group front of in men talking a blue . of a of stand a lion <unk> 
of people pink man around a stand <unk> who suits . in in shirt a group is a 
giving people interested . <unk> <unk> statue to man front in of a 
lion in statue . men front of standing a of a 
at ceremony is baby holding a book reads their a while priest couple his the 
couple <unk> getting a their . with by priest <unk> a children 
holding book looking towards baby woman a a and a is priest . her 
a at as a woman a baby while it . man another a looks watches holds holding child man 
holding with baby priest woman 
playing of a kids plastic balls in tub . 
bin are a two . of little children in balls colored 
pen multicolored . in two playing girls small ball a 
an are young filled enclosure balls girls in . two with 
young with . balls ball are a girls two playing plastic in pit 
the a man trunks at in . beach kicking a swimming ball 
a a jumping in at the man beach air 
and trunks in white . sand black beach the falling person at swim the into a 
the striped teenager shorts in the beach . air leaping a on into is 
man football a the the beach with . playing foam on is 
holding is man a high in his a up kayak paddle . 
water rough a kayaking . is through man 
rider . he with raises 's kayak splashed water arms as 
and the the <unk> <unk> <unk> . red spray kayak face paddle in of man the 
splash around while waves in is him the arms oar an , , . holding air both the raising kayaker 
. jersey and wearing a red is man a <unk> runner the <unk> black in number a 
. race a runner a during 
by <unk> on . being runner is a <unk> number <unk> 
race is is <unk> by being a running the spectators on man . 
a being a in man tank watched . is black runner the top is by red and wearing 
kiss a a cat . which girl , reaches is the on to up sitting counter 
a kitchen child kissing a small on counter . cat the 
next a a girl cat yellow kitchen young a standing . to on <unk> 
girl orange kissing a little cat in kitchen fluffy . , 
is brown the cat girl . kissing little the 
shirt a his smiles lifts man up a tennis blue in racket and . 
playing very a . happy tennis man looks 
player a in match shirt <unk> his a blue tennis . 
. wearing tennis raises player his smiles and a a blue shirt hands 
up the is player . in the in air tennis holding the racquet shirt his blue 
bike green a boy . rides and ramp up dark pants in a t-shirt his 
skate a jumping off bicycle . ramp park a man is in his a 
a a bike over jumps man ramp shirt . yellow wearing a his 
doing trick boy a bike teen on a a ramp bicycle 
a . bicycle on ramp a performing a young is man jump 
a . a blue boy and on spinning yellow merry-go-round 
a on for wheel a holding on life spinning <unk> child 
hand an . with male adult in yellow blue the a merry-go-round young a boy and foreground rides 
is . go <unk> standing a round young on kid up the 
the <unk> the . on playground blue equipment in the boy is standing 
of some a rapids group over an men going <unk> tube in 
. is turned wave a a with raft after a group over crashing people of 
a people are in in blue raft <unk> tossed river around a . 
a on are in inflatable . <unk> blue white two water <unk> rafts 
in river two a . rafts <unk> 
pole brown jumping . a dog over a 
pole a a jumping . dog 
. a light a brown over hurdle indoors dog jumps 
brown bar dog obstacle leaping room a in . over an 
low large jumps rail . dog over a brown 
is down an . slope skiing mountain individual a 
snowy . a down mountainside person skiing a 
. in down background slope a with very is skier mountain the a a steep skiing 
down slope goes a . skier vertical near a 
steep down skier coming snow a peak very . 
<unk> a of shore stream on the a . 
furry stands plants animal a . brown some behind 
in the hides dog bushes . a 
in a <unk> hides shore tall the rocky dog a along 
dog makes . tall weeds it through way a 
woman african orange a dressed racquet with is in tennis . ball hitting american an a 
tennis ball a player hits an . in a outfit orange 
is ball racquet orange in her the with . a striking tennis player 
woman athletic outfit a orange tennis in playing an 
<unk> ball a in outfit hitting <unk> an orange 
. gather museum art people many the at 
many in look museum <unk> of people main . at art the a 
large . a a round about are people <unk> with desk 
around <unk> people the <unk> booth . 
people . standing reception some a around circular in are desk a room 
tennis middle match a . the a in female player tennis of orange wearing 
leaning racket over african tennis a woman while american is . holding an 
tennis a on wearing outfit an . tennis orange player the court 
racket tennis a swinging woman her , playing . 
playing bright tennis woman outfit in . a orange 
on group a of people path rock standing a . 
the . together a while group foliage of converse women overlooking <unk> of the 
<unk> 3 her and a outdoors taking woman who person are . of at a girls looks picture the 
beyond women the to area at walkway . an four fence a look stop along 
outside women are . 
brown ball to leaping colored bright a dog orange collar . catch an wearing a 
catching a ball dog a 
away a with ball . in leaps its dog a mouth 
dog a catch a . leaps high ball to 
the jumping in ball is . to backyard in jog a air a catch a 
bunch . girls outfits a in cheerleader of 
group walking a in large parade of a cheerleaders 
perform cheerleaders . 
the street walk , black wearing down . many cheerleaders 
cheerleaders and parade uniforms , pink white . black wearing of 
bride towards arms a with other and each outstretched jump . groom 
and a of off arms stone leaps a 's groom his <unk> wall . into 
a leaps bride . in suit a toward his man 
<unk> a a in . dress toward in wedding man woman a a jumps 
wetsuit . man towards a in a wet jumps bride 
playing at young . shirt park wearing boy a a blue a is 
on a playground children . playing 
and playing on are the . boy girl outdoor the gym 
, the and a the clothes shirt is wearing black boy . is wearing blue girl 
the the are playing at playground . two kids 
building on people their the three arms standing <unk> . are outstretched with 
people rocks three climbing . 
wall a camera by people signs . brick to posing the three giving 
camera for three people a posing 
stone wall people three a . standing on 
overlooking a . ledge yellow on in forest a a man rock sits 
sitting the a raincoat down a looking person edge is a on rock yellow of in 
yellow on in raincoat a a seating person cliff . a 
edge cliff on rock a the of a is sitting person . 
sitting rock person down of looking on edge a the a outcropping 
playing toy and a . are two together fighting over dogs 
dogs two bone over . fight a 
object <unk> a two <unk> at dogs red . 
the with same red playing toy two . dogs 
dogs tug toy for play a . of two red war 
gets man . to ready the tennis ball a hit 
tennis a for . moving shot a player 
hit on green ball a the to green . ready player a headband is tennis with 
tennis to <unk> <unk> a return ball . lunges <unk> 
player lunges the left to . tennis 
a . male player fist his tennis pumps 
with a tennis racquet headband player blue holding a a is male 
and is standing a his a yellow in shirt tennis headband whilst with racquet open man mouth blue holding and . pink a 
man a wearing the racket tennis <unk> headband with blue is and and playing blue . tennis a 
wearing celebrating a green , headband <unk> 
hits . a a on tennis a court ball boy 
boy a a ball racket hits . yellow with tennis and a black 
. tennis with tennis racquet ball his boy a hits a 
tennis plays . a boy 
a ball a hits racket with a boy . teenage tennis 
male tennis for a a player . shot runs 
racquet hand a game his tennis of a a is in man playing has and . 
tennis ball the for goes man with a . racket a 
in is on the court . his his tennis player hand running a with racquet 
runs the a for tennis player ball . 
on jersey a in poses his <unk> . boy a bike 
a sitting shirt york boy tennis on <unk> in . <unk> a <unk> on a court new toy a motorcycle 
a is boy the <unk> a jersey a wearing bike <unk> . riding playground on 
a <unk> area motorcycle jersey in . poses toy wearing <unk> a on boy a a young 
a playground little around bike boy on . motorized rides 
. a watching game chess of group people a 
watching sitting chess park a are a people in . game many 
gather size people around game a life chess . 
. watching people game several giant park a a are pieces chess at played with 
is crowd watching an over . match the sized chess 
are grass group a horses and . riders playing on polo the of 
are a horses their each group . of other racing riders and 
track on a horse a race grass 
jockeys down their track horses the are riding . 
horses track a grass down racing jockeys . 
white . of <unk> in area a people tree and a under sitting group pink a grassy 
. people <unk> are at under park trees sitting a 
outside <unk> the grass people sitting . <unk> trees under on 
the . lunch eating red a a sitting students on the backpack grass from are 
with <unk> sit on the tree pink young <unk> grass near a . people 
tennis . holding racket tennis male a his player 
the looking in is over with a hand his . tennis distance racket man mouth his holding a 
the a tennis fans sleeveless in to . blows kisses shirt man blue a 
a the his hand holds other tennis player to mouth . racket a one and holds 
in . tennis up green hand shirt player is his to a a mouth striped his holding 
handstand in boy a shirt yellow a a doing 
is as a . crowd <unk> watches boy a dancing 
. on watch standing on a others is hands while sidewalk man his a 
hands his lots man people of with around him a standing is on . 
. a person handstand a doing others of in front 
spectators guy a playing . a tennis watching crowd , two and , nearby 
player a . a tennis ball hitting 
tennis almost hit player the him ready ball at gets is the to . that 
while , match the ball others hitting player the watch his with tennis racquet . the is 
. white tennis hits wearing tennis player ball the the 
racket <unk> wearing a male a is shirt and a <unk> and . a tennis is from athlete holding teal 
tennis man . a plays 
. player a racket a carrying tennis tennis is 
shirt tennis a a and , player blue carrying yellow a white racquet wearing 
a shirt blue wearing yellow and the tennis is player blue headband a . and 
match a ball man a during hits a tennis . professional 
. his with tennis the racket ball man hits a 
playing tennis in a man a blue headband . 
tennis . a a professional match hitting is a in ball man 
a a . headband green tennis with man plays 
tennis a ball a . tennis racket a yellow hits person holding 
tennis the hitting a player ball 
the player tennis ball a hitting . 
about the be is tennis to hit ball . 
with man is tennis a a ball this racket hitting tennis . 
red helmet small . a path a wearing boy down bicycle patterned his a rides 
. bicycle a a little path toddler his down rides paved 
boy through park . a young bikes a helmet in red a 
young riding brick a road a boy a bike on 
on a a a blue and helmet shirt bike a riding sidewalk wearing boy a young red 
plays . little girl a plane with a 
. blonde boy airplane young a a holding toy 
an holding . young child a airplane blonde 
small is blonde . holding the the plane haired child 
and in blue holds the wooden airplane haired hands . the his blond eyed child 
. <unk> are standing a with a in <unk> group a <unk> suits people of on 
<unk> a suits rescue <unk> practicing . wearing in a people 
several carrying a a in looking human rolling on bed <unk> men suits doll 
on are several <unk> a . men man in suits rolling a protective 
men a a in <unk> there by on surrounded man suits <unk> is . 
by . swimming child a a pool the in thrown is man 
father <unk> pool daughter his in a an . launches 
. jumps near young in girl the a the a off of pool a man hands ocean 
throws the the into water man the . child 
near the ocean into pool the tossed . a the child man swimming 
a outside . building boys 
front marble building of with soccer a giant . play <unk> doors kids in 
a huge of young soccer door several playing boys wooden in brown front 
large playing . door some soccer in front wooden of a are children 
building playing outside with a . children ball four the are a 
standing and couple few a hugging a . around people 
a at a man <unk> . smiling a woman party 
<unk> a man a hugging woman formal . at a 
a man a evening . event hugs at woman an 
black other of person brown jacket in hugging with a people <unk> man hair in . black room in 
flags people the a gathered . of street irish waving are crowd in 
. some white tan and striped green of crowd people with , a , large flags 
has flags . a people and parade many 
. colored waving streets crowd flags brightly gathered in 
hold people . a crowded block in flags 
are of front large in with . a of door wooden boys a <unk> a ball playing 
of building front medieval very children looking in kicking ball large 
. a large children door front play in of 
a ball ornate of set a a soccer doors playing game in front . four large boys of with 
playing building ball in outside front kids of . 
dance two girls blue in . dresses 
in . play laugh dresses and girls jean two 
. two in smiling girls little are dresses blue 
dresses laugh two . in blue girls little 
. young two near playing dresses denim a wearing girls <unk> 
. a girl a are topless dancing man and <unk> 
dances child with an man . adult a shirtless 
adult indoors shirtless a with an . child plays 
. man child dancing and 
of man painting . is brown in haired holding long a child in the the the the hand shirt front of 
looks pink polka horse at in a . girl dots a 
on hanging watching . is horse a a the girl fence 
it peeking a the girl . little while to fence through look at stands the on horse 
a a watches side horse the on clings <unk> girl to fence other . the young 
a girl is a a dressed in looking horse standing . and at young pink all fence on 
an . sits a side holding hat <unk> building of girl the wearing and on an a 
sidewalk headphones a to sits the . man on listening 
black a hat a jacket to single listening wearing leather music woman and 
background on a shoes jacket brick concrete hat , sitting a person against in curb , and pants black . 
listening person to curb on player <unk> sitting . 
strange with a piece art lights of . 
onlookers lights wires picture with view . and 
's people . <unk> an are two artist the piece 
. the pictures two unique at the on the <unk> wall people 
exhibit light some two at sort looking . a of people 
hat a street is . and city man a a wearing scarf black brown a in 
. scarf and a man bowler cap wearing a 
stands man and a wearing a . crowd hat in a scarf 
of people a in wearing . standing a is man hat a crowd 
old . is a the man , a and , scarf wearing hat glasses 
are two running boys a <unk> . on track 
race two . on each other boys foot 
in contest . men two a running 
two track men running along young . a 
run track two outside a young on . men 
the a biker wall pops . wheelie along a colorful side 
rider a a graffiti a wall . trick against bmx covered does 
performing a covered a his boy bicycle wall with a trick graffiti wall with on . 
graffiti bicycle covered on wall man . performing with a a a a on trick small 
a doing a <unk> . <unk> wall a on biker stunt 
a net . boy fishing holds a 
. with a close the it snake net ground boy holds in to a a 
a with boy racquet . playing a 
a child catcher mouse . in a it a holds with 
racket . tennis a a child ground plays the with on 
tennis standing male the swings racket tennis tennis player at on a court ball tennis . a his 
plays man tennis . a 
yellow hit ball . wearing a turns to tennis man white a 
it tennis player the the <unk> prepares ball <unk> stands while on to . to <unk> , he cameraman as a in background advertising hit a a logo next 
his ball player the the <unk> up tennis holds racket . 
man turns . their others up a wait a for while rock climbs 
behind people red shirt a while . blue in shirts watch man climbs a him a rock in 
. <unk> reaching a rock a man to formation up 
man smiling climbs rock . a a 
with up rock <unk> . reaching peak face man 
side from the of . pick in a an ice hanging a climber frozen waterfall 
climber icy scaling rock is hat with blue an cliff a . a 
a a down . man mountain repels snowy 
a an climber icy rock . scales wall 
red ice a climber . the as jacket wearing climbs is the he 
trick a on skis man doing a . 
with man skis an . as his <unk> he jumps a makes 
. a dark plaid jacket flies in against skier the air sky a a through blue 
ground ski and 's over person print pants . top air snow in in covered on the dark 
jumping the skis is air . person the through on 
a a market walk woman . at <unk> and man a 
an a . through market couple asian walks 
young through a outdoor walking market together . couple an 
man and outdoor are market woman young walking . along a an 
standing <unk> walking market in people . a and 
selling woman at an . is <unk> a stall market is asian that 
a bags holding behind <unk> woman . 
in <unk> a black of a in stand stands . fruit woman a front shirt at 
a market woman shops <unk> in for <unk> . an 
<unk> an market open air green at woman by 
air bicyclist a catches some 
hills background a bike . air among in boy helmeted the river flies through he a rides with a dirt as on the 
is a doing a stunt man on his bike outside 
bike rider hilly over track water high . background jump a doing in , 
person helmeted on outdoors bicycle . a is a this stunt doing 
front wooden a and a in shed of a red in grey . coat child 
him a . behind child shown 's shadow is 
stands over boy . head with his thick in jacket little a hand his a high 
little the the . red is casting shadow a in boy jacket 
his boy outside around is arms . waving this 
runs black over brown . the grass green a and dog 
dog running trees is some a grass front of the on . in brown 
near grass of green a dog the a <unk> trees on runs . 
. grass white runs a a bright through with green and field of brown coat a dog 
large grass is through a dog <unk> running the 
near a structure . brick boy a jumps 
colored a on of jumping below trampoline wall a front a in . flags brick is child and 
kid is a jumping balcony little brick . a off 
a is a a wall onto off table boy of . below brick small jumping 
, background railing colorful . boy banners in from building with falling 
climbing on . man a a face the <unk> rock 
man . a climbs rocks icy 
a wall man of . climbs a ice sheer up 
icy an . climbing rock a in man jacket mountain mountain a red 
outfit in mountain black an a and a of climbing side icy red the person , 
streets crowd people a of walk sit across an dirty 
store a a of of gathered . street a in people on a front are group <unk> nearby sidewalk 
sitting into on a . is curb off distance the staring the woman 
standing people with litter . filled outside many on are a street 
and the on to a sidewalk . side with others sitting her behind one woman 
snowmobile is across snow riding a . the a a in outfit black man blue 
man snowmobile a purple riding a 
drives wearing helmet a a a the snow . man clothes snow vehicle snow in and 
with <unk> helmet a man is . a going 
large a riding snowmobile . <unk> person snow a on of 
through the the the near . field dogs water run 
water grass shallow . each black dogs are through toward two chasing other 
running the brown two grass water are . towards through dogs 
running water are . the two toward dogs 
run on . dogs pond a two day winter two a 
plays suit the boy . in a a red water in 
into <unk> the a a red water boy swimsuit two in people to . jumps 
into boy . leap water a takes a the flying 
the water to the other shorts the in jumps . into boy <unk> red people 
children is . boy river shorts the swim the into jumping red other as wearing 
. dog water brown a in standing the is 
a brown standing water . in dog 
dog water . stands in a 
. fur in deep is a water chest golden with dog 
in the the . looking water back dog is 
the two ground young horseback lasso to . on cowboys a calf 
a calf cowboys <unk> horses rodeo on two in a . 
horseback from an indoor in two rope . <unk> <unk> cowboys a 
men a between . them two and ride runs calf horses 
in an cow chasing people horses two on . arena 
. on ropes cowboy a a horse a <unk> 
horse while trying rope to a a bull on a cowboy 
a in rodeo . a a <unk> cowboy calf 
to trying catch a rope horse girl bull a a a with on 
cow black rope to while . riding horse a person attempts a a 
, dressed jump , also girl wearing another the some trampoline in pink pink one watches on little . 
jumping two backyard on the in trampoline are a girls . 
one two one sitting pink jumping girls on in and , trampoline 
. a trampoline and playhouse little behind girls on two a is them 
backyard in outdoor . on trampoline girls are a two jumping small an 
toward rocky the of . beach run out water a dogs 
. are water rocky dogs next the to three a in <unk> 
the in . a next play dogs shore <unk> three to rocky 
in dog a dogs large . play lake two small and a 
are in medium dog . two small shallow water and dogs a playing 
couple outfits sidewalk . bright and walking a wearing on hand hand a 
people , walk down a stairs of holding old two . set hands 
are stepping stone path onto a two walking . people 
two a people hands field and in walking . holding 
people hands holding outside two . while walk 
wetsuit in . a surfs a man blue 
rides a a wave in blue . surfer 
being a . an by surfer is wave ocean splashed 
a makes surfer . a splash big 
with suit and is surfing person black blue . a 
scooter . a a man on two motor riding are woman and around 
two single scooter and man on . women all motor sat are a a 
. the is racing riding that vehicle surrounding man and two women are a scenery a past 
and two man motorcycle on a . women one 
riding a people motorcycle three on 
a <unk> with . pipe out its <unk> is of off fire car coming 
out a has the car fire race shooting . back 
shooting has from the a a rear race flames track on car . 
the car of a of out coming back is race . fire 
race of shooting . car rear a from flaming the are 
dog on collar with as swims brown water in a . looks dog beige a the a 
in at another curly . dog the looking <unk> dog water a 
on . while deep beach in a staring water a is dog standing haired curly dog at a 
a a and dog dog the water haired watching curly brown and black another , is . white harness wearing in 
dog . dog on looks toward another beach in a the a water <unk> 
a the camera legs ears forward his his and approaches . dog with hind raised black 
. black backyard a in dog the 
a black backyard running in dog a 
dog in yard . a fenced a grassy black in running 
<unk> a running black in the a great backyard camera toward 
brown . a its on dog back laying 
cement road down brown a the . upside lies dog on 
a lies on on road his dog a . back 
, outside laying legs its on , <unk> a large back . a is its with in on the dog air 
his . background a in a a asphalt tan and is dog some on scooter the on back rolling with bike 
a boy standing on railing 
a rail a stands . outstretched with his arms on boy 
is skater a <unk> a long . trick structure an metal behind a in attempting large rail 
skateboard of front riding is concrete a in metal . a railing skateboarder along a building a 
to . next is overpass on trick the a rail doing a an boy 
a chunk boy of . a snow carrying 
a coat snow . ball a a in of holds boy red huge 
outside snow with child . a 
is coat . large a and wearing a child chunk cap holding of a snow red 
of <unk> huge the . hat the snow red boy jacket a and is in carrying 
people around lady dark a coat many a is with in her sitting . 
others sits a <unk> with . woman 
together outside of . a group people sitting small 
decorated a children with woman flowers in in . a sits and box balloons headscarf a near 
by sitting children the woman old . is surrounded with the <unk> 
two <unk> a a who a and <unk> near . at are police a pile man officers looks of tent in 
a tent with on of hats white men . outside stand 
a in and of pile two officers white police garbage <unk> front bags and canopy a of stand man 
officers two stand with with outside white onlookers a tent orange jackets . 
outside . gathers a while a crowd tarp white observe two police officers 
firetruck people standing a group . a are around red of 
firetruck are . a group of standing a beside people 
front a of group of people in red . firetruck a 
the a fire people background in . a with group engine of 
. firetruck kids is parked a standing red people in a beside the of group and street 
motorcycle ride . a take to getting men two ready 
a church near two park motorcycles red . their men 
their two motorcycles riders and . 
their are standing motorcycles . beside people in leather dressed two 
are look there two . on where wall place the motorcycles a two religious red at people <unk> in 
ballet girl her a in class 
class a dancing little a in girl . 
scarves dancing practices tutu pink girl with little a in a . 
class a children . scarves <unk> small colourful of woman teaching ballet a holding 
fabric while waving some <unk> . girls dance 
with of group <unk> a a . yellow men walk along ropes road 
a street of red ribbon a . with a and front walk men group of white yellow in building on 
men walking building of a are a front middle eastern . of down a group street in 
in maroon people man standing road <unk> in walk past while 
a people wearing both down are road are directions many in , <unk> some walking 
outside . a dog running 
a is area dog light running in . a brown grassy 
dog the open hanging . grass toward tongue running a is of out its across mouth the its camera long-haired , 
and . a white through field grassy running brown dog 
running in field . a dog 
. while white playing bubbles girl in to a a daughter with stand and a side dress mother is the 
in at looking woman a stands two girls . dresses bubbles with young 
watches toddler a a girl observe while . dress woman young girl bubbles in and a white 
the air at looking two girls bubbles in . 
an watch and them air float two girls adult the of . through in front little bubbles 
in eats red a behind . a boy snack in green a boy little walks while little walks and 
<unk> while eats follows boy . young little a boy another 
. a floor two children on tiled walk 
eats by kids side . walk while one two something little side 
tiled on walking two floor young a children 
along wall . in an a a sleeveless performing is a man stunt aerial <unk> shirt 
of large . man wall graffitied a a the of wall jumping 
ramp skateboarder uses a . a 
a side man a of down . skates the wall colorful young 
. a wall and jeans is the sleeve wearing a blue no man graffiti shirt on 
a the a guy jumping up in girl air and 
and on running . a of top are man a a and hill jumping woman 
two people . of are top running the mountain at a 
valley overlooking . a two on jump people and down a cliff up 
jump women a the in . mountain atop grass two 
forest . a dog lane along runs a 
pale is a dirt a along dog running path . 
trail a a lush dog down . a runs dirt in forest shaggy 
. a dog is brown and down park shaggy in dirt a path a white running 
haired is curly path dog running white the down wooded . a 
jump a in doing forest biker a a . 
in woods a boy jump the on a doing his bike 
lands after . on a boy a riding jump in while bike a forest mountain the 
a racing a . his trail motorcycle on guy 
his through is man riding bicycle . a woods the 
and the body grass wrestle brindle of . dog in water a a beside black dog dry a 
fighting a large another black black dog and dog . brown with large 
in play a fight . two dogs or field 
in stick them , rocky face field to , two with a . face dogs a between 
the dogs near a two in lake one another <unk> grass . 
basketball a girls doing huddle . hand is of a 8 team 
basketball a of players huddle a in group . 
is a a team together with . hands in sports huddle 
huddle . basketball players 
wearing players black 
wearing brown grass a . is the jacket sitting on blue dog sports a 
dog the . in blue in a sweater sitting is a grass 
gray wearing lawn dog jacket a . a on blue sits sleeved a long bright 
jacket gray dog . wearing blue a sleeved a long <unk> 
the track dressed sits a dog <unk> in gray , jacket blue . 
a dog biting rear a 's man 
bite training a him is a trying to man who dog 
suit large dog jumping a a is a on in brown protective . , man 
for the a . owner in <unk> grass out while dog <unk> 
. a has dog police caught trainer 
something is a inside at looking house black . dog at position higher 
carpeted room to white a . about dog down a black is in sit 
. <unk> dog a back is ready is jump to black and 
sitting black dog . blue carpet with a on is beige a collar 
black on . a is with white <unk> a sitting carpet collar dog 
and black ball a red a . catches tennis blue dog 
its of ball on blue a a and is catching yard mouth red black . grass in a dog 
a a . green its collar blue holds dog object mouth with a and red in black 
a ball standing while colored in . dog catches the a grass 
a playing ball in with the a small dog black grass . 
of in . three a group competition a dogs competing 
run dogs and ladder across sweaters in with hand three in background grass colored . , 
wearing track dogs a on different jerseys . racing three grass colored 
grass three . the colored while dogs wearing shirts through run 
colored . wearing three outfits running dogs 
on beach small the child running a 
in swim boy a beach young . trunks runs along sandy a 
trees a near on runs through beach a the water young . boy 
beach is at . a a through large trees running a young child puddle by surrounded 
along beach the boy walking young . 
a a asleep full in chair of in man a <unk> front 
an <unk> chair in man asleep a of falling <unk> , front older on . 
an near <unk> a off man . <unk> old 
table <unk> book is old a of man an . in sleeping at a front 
, to a be man at this library sitting , a appears is asleep . bald at table who 
a girl . pink flute holds guitar another a playing a is while girl red 
red another playing a a pink is guitar a . girl flute playing <unk> is girl while little 
<unk> guitar the another girl a one . playing is girl playing and is 
holds while <unk> one a one guitar . playing another girl a is 
girls young are . musical instruments playing 
. together and talk two laugh girls 
two . laugh smile and <unk> 
in smiling women brown converse two young . 
smiling standing next to two other each woman 
bags two young are women . wearing outside 
riders bmx on track two a racing 
a <unk> are . dirt being around two track bikes motocross 
to . next each two riders other track motocross a dirt on 
on . track two a motorcyclists are dirt 
. uniforms racing are people riding motorcycles two racing wearing 
a . are man and a and down woman eating sitting 
. a restaurant other with people eating a at woman 
by a plate eating . sitting a <unk> french of man is a woman 
. plate over a meal her young a woman at leans 
white is t-shirt <unk> a . the french the man next girl eating wearing sitting to 
a a fingers jacket red up in holding two . child 
holds a little a onto on girl a street pole city . 
to a a in on shirt little red a holds pole near street a . girl 
a up sign little girl . pole metal holding a standing her by in fingers a is <unk> 
girl holds a peace up young . sign a 
growling bear and at another a . one <unk> are <unk> <unk> its 
other each bears mouths open . their the with facing wide are 
. growling bears other at each two are 
two . at teeth another their bears bare one 
bears open face mouths face with to , touching two . , brown 
. dog a <unk> playing a dog and white brown 
dog . with a dog white brown <unk> a 
a . in dog a a dog on brown backyard is in fenced <unk> white 
jumps . , in the in white white in house a yard with brown background a dog the beside a a fenced air dog 
jumping brown dog white up at the . is dog the 
an in player the for puck challenging white the is . ice player hockey red in 
from has the to . the team puck the goalie come <unk> other the out of goal 
in game two athletes a hockey playing . 
players puck the . trying to get hockey two 
control try puck get on . as referee players two of looks the to the hockey 
field at pants community . a dancing , stage group in men of camouflage break a baseball a on 
gives back a ride man a piggy another . man 
four stage orange . shirts on men wearing yellow dance and a 
brown and wearing each men on climbing three shirts yellow . other 
men . stage yellow dancing are in a on brown two in two men with 
a some gets bmx rider . air 
black in his jumping t-shirt is something bike orange a man a . on 
orange a . on an bike man 
him on behind with city the . in an bike air line orange the jumps a man 
trick bicycle . with orange is man performing an a the 
in brown dog while a watches a a yellow dog chews pink brown white in something . shirt 
shirt . a followed wearing pink dog brown dog brown shirt a a a wearing by yellow is 
white in with dog in a pink dog something . shirt a yellow a shirt mouth a in his and 
a with clothing are in uncut . dogs flat two field the 
. two dogs a fetching field in object an 
is brown a . an dog covered in fallen haired long white area leaves with 
fallen white on dog . standing a leaves 
standing ground the a dog white . on leaves on 
white furry . dog running leaves a is through 
walking a leaves white . tongue out on with its furry dog sticking is 
of onstage . a group dancers 
men together a four . dance do onstage 
four a an men <unk> stage on dance . outdoor do 
man four . on stage a young performing 
. dance young four men onstage 
. a man is a bald in stands the <unk> watch attempting people to <unk> a in game while basketball 
of crowd in a ball to is a a <unk> front jumping and player about basketball . 
toward dunking audience man an watches basketball a a while . reaches 
a tattooed man . basketball a dunks 
tattooed the player basketball <unk> . is ball to the about 
the jumping dog brown in a air 
dog a in wooded area jumps brown . a 
brown air dog jumps a in . the 
. a the dog into air jumping 
along running dirt dog path . a 
black grassy running dog field through a a 
black camera a the dog running towards . 
a field runs black dog a . through 
with . ears fast dog a running flying 
grass in swampy running dog black 
and person elderly their holds . an kisses white a <unk> cheek 
of huge dog chair white or old in top on a a sitting her him . with an is laying plush person 
holding sitting in front white in <unk> while a large old . red a of chair an dog some <unk> is woman large 
is a a hugging and . big white dog <unk> on a red person 
dog woman huge white a a fluffy . 
big a dog ears his . ball in holds mouth a with 
runs a a small mouth ball its in with brown dog . 
. a carrying the black a dog beach on and white ball 
mouth dog in its a ball white brown is running with . a 
dog with runs gravel path in with brown a a a ball its down ears mouth . white 
a a colored <unk> sweatshirt eggs in is child green 
a and small colored is a pink the up is one child a . basket easter holding from grass brightly eggs picking of 
eggs a carrying . in boy young a the basket easter grass <unk> 
the . eggs in grass a picking easter up young child is 
bending of his over and in <unk> a eggs the an . colored hand basket carrying child is with 
man his <unk> on has . head a speaking while a his hand is 
man in suit a while speaks another a his microphone head touches at a . 
is meeting while man <unk> a person at his head . a scratching a 
his a at man back a scratches of head the suit a wearing . meeting 
from of the a picture taken <unk> . <unk> of large back kind 
snow two black in the dogs 
. two covered jumping ground appears , ground dog feet black blue ground the , off one the on is with snow background in a dogs the 
the snow two dogs black playing in . 
snow two play . black in dogs 
through run . the dogs two snow 
a set and <unk> steps a . a metal is haired above airborne of <unk> long skateboarder 
rail jumping on his . a man a skateboard 
high the . steps a riding concrete a above person jumps skateboard 
just on . up skateboarder <unk> before descending pole a a 
trick skateboarder tries to the . down a railing the do 
white the people of of building crowd steps are top front of in a . at a 
line of in for stand a waiting building . a in dressed crowd warm front for weather of people something 
of people group standing a outside . of building a 
of line . have outside <unk> a a large people group 
wide a of people . line 
race group a of around a track <unk> . 
people a around bikes a ride . group of track in colored outfits 
as bicyclists different <unk> suits a wear color line each . in 
riding different a helmets colored multiple track shirts wearing around bicyclists . and 
are bend . colors cyclists ten different racing around in track a the in 
a dog show in is doing <unk> brown . the stunts dog 
brown leaps over . at an red a park a ramp agility dog 
is . with running a a golden nearby dog ramp over haired red onlookers 
and over . climbing and ramp wooden dog up red 
the obstacle brown dog . red the jumped 
a man <unk> paperwork his another . to in for presents uniform 
blue wearing for a coat wearing coat tan . another a a signs man man papers 
them men . writes two papers one of something , are while holding 
<unk> two <unk> getting men a 
down men . with two paper heads a <unk> 
the through a dog running water big 
the and water through with brown dog around and a runs . trees white branches 
water a runs through shallow . dog 
runs through a . and tan dog white water 
and beige there a . is dog through white water running 
his dirt up a . bike holds rider finger 
raising . a hand suit <unk> covered man motorbike on a <unk> sits wearing a his 
racer <unk> at . somebody a is motorcycle 
driver stands a car with the pointing . hand air race in up his 
helmet colorful . has the person in blue the jacket on a 
runs a concrete a down boy hill . 
a shirt a little jeans . blue a walking in path black down boy and 
at park little the a enjoying boy day 
. camera boy <unk> in runs little at background downhill , 
shirt and black . path child ran the the young down the jeans in 
a sidewalk the down is . walking couple 
down . a street holding hands a walks city couple 
next top the . girl top walking pink the grey asian is in wearing the striped girl a black and to 
students holding two . street down a , hands walk 
walking two together . are women street the down <unk> 
laying looks him standing the the over dog on a at . ground dog up 
black dog on is <unk> dog . to ground brown 
. dogs black three 
a dogs one lying , . two play down yard in , 
outside two . play dogs with one another 
going slide . a a green child down 
child a . slides a down green slide 
camera tube as inside child down green . away looks slides 
. slides green down child slide plastic <unk> 
is child slide . the down a green tunnel sliding 
is in and photographers a a a guy suit with surrounded beard by . glasses 
photographers brown with jacket . man hair a several sports attention in and glasses the <unk> getting is a of 
a suit man surrounded . is a in by photographers 
a look at man as holding speaks men in . him cameras glasses 
and surrounded is a the glasses by . man gray photographers wearing suit 
the inside touching <unk> glass with . a two are an seal boys of 
watch <unk> two in seal a an . boys 
reaching . swimming children two seal out toward a 
two children the glass a tank seal large . containing a of touch 
can seal they . swimming young by boys glass where touching two see a 
two in are gym fencers a white <unk> . in a 
crouches practice jumps one as . ; other fencers two together the 
people are . fencing two 
their pointing fencers at <unk> each other . two swords 
sword . <unk> two training 
is a black a and , slope red a skiing . white coat down in person 
snow skis flies the a person behind snow , . in 
skiing a snowy hill woman down a . 
base downhill of <unk> <unk> skier slope a 
skiing a hill is snowy this woman down . 
pictures of is standing very large . male a on top hiker is a and taking rock 
peak rocky a man on a . 
. large partially man a silhouetted of top rock on a 
a a with rock hat in on a the man . is background high with sky <unk> a standing 
rocky standing ridge a person . a 
in . the camera a are uniform posing men of five group for 
men . picture five a for and in black uniforms blue pose 
in together men uniform near five building . a stand 
security . policemen a two are four while them officers embrace for of photo or posing 
uniforms are , in hugging police five men of security or two . these 
white hovering bee a over . flowers 
over a insect . flying flower white <unk> a 
insect a flower a approaches . black 
insect flying is the <unk> a a near blue <unk> of . plant 
the . the bee flower <unk> above 
a shore jeans rocky stands a girl toward a floral shirt the on looking water in and 
a a at shore at on <unk> out looks rocky . the girl stands water 
. standing in jeans seashore girl is little a the by 
girl stands the looking at beach on a rocky water young a . 
young at . stands the some girl ocean staring a rocks on 
. leaps dog a over a barrier 
a leaps . a fence over dog 
leaps over fence wooden . a dog another is as a to about 
fence are other the over tries one there two and . dogs to ; leaps the 
two and . dogs black a jumping brown fence are 
white in . dog against grass a a building with man the his sitting 
dog <unk> wall with a person a a against . 
with with a white dog their . against back wall person tan a sits a 
owner . on and dog sitting lawn 
white and front sitting house back while in sits of him dog against person leaning 
. his on man is air a the skateboard jumping in 
racer <unk> the box in jump sideways middle a leans on . man a of a 
a a . wheeled small through air 4 man flying on is the vehicle 
on a leg . out , flying a <unk> one in with his the car man trick sky performs 
machine in a the wheels boy the with air . with is 
is woman . office reading elderly a an paper an in 
woman newspaper an and is drinking a . reading older <unk> 
a a drinking from paper woman and reading mug the . 
woman a reads while coffee <unk> drinking a . 
. in a cup poster of front from an drinks the read art and woman a coffee paper gallery 
is man at in a shirt a who looking in pulling a face a purple funny shirt man is a . black 
black a silly purple face . a making shirt looking man shirt man in at in a a a 
a a pose man do watching kissing another man 
another man making , while camera the kissing on for looks . face man 
. at together and other he the looks makes a face while one funny two sit men 
. next a splashes pink picnic snowsuit in table a to dirty a into <unk> girl water 
. another pink water dressed in is girl girl falling a in watches dressed while red in little 
child . a into pink young puddle snow in a falling outfit a 
children two in <unk> play the melting . 
two are up playing the kids water dressed . in and 
picture person distance brick a a something of taking a . is the on standing in ledge 
a takes a . photograph woman 
she camera long her hair stands . a a pointing with on as <unk> woman wall brick 
wall camera . standing holding is and on a brick the woman a 
standing a brick picture taking woman and wall a on 
. by moving and empty <unk> people two a chairlift an are chairlift 
riding <unk> a ski skiers 
people are carriage . a sky in two 
them are people . mountains lift with a ski behind riding two 
two a on people . <unk> 
hold buckets and people a group on colorful a . stand stage of 
the by shirts water hawaiian hold wearing . buckets <unk> 
the edge in waterway large . wall a the red on stand with where and a striped people of <unk> white background 
<unk> with water several . people stand 
with racing at a six buckets . children stand dock 
. the men the the shoreline bluff from at atop look two 
the look two men near cliff . over beach 
beach . a overlooking cliff top sandy two stand men a on 
at side two cliff people the . of beach top a 
a on overlooking stand ocean cliff two the people . 
a a ball dog running the grass with on tennis in his beige mouth 
a with dog ball blond long . hair tennis a <unk> 
tennis dog ball with a his a in running mouth 
a light . with dog its in ball colored mouth running 
is mouth a yellow running ball dog . the his with in 
skateboarder trick a midair does . a in 
air skateboarder of a front the in in . wires 
air skateboarder . the into jumps a 
jump performing skateboarder jeans and . in t-shirt 
skateboarder in the in . front the pole of leaping is <unk> the air 
poles the group buckets people . with street a cross and of 
a group . to are seven girls a of asian boys street cross and waiting 
wait of group the a street to cross teenagers . 
front a with brick tall gate a in standing on young group a wall wooden of street adults . of are a 
. adults street buckets soaking group and on of young wet with 
a tennis in holds a racket girl a . dress 
tennis dress holds a . and in girl red little a cape a large racquet 
tennis a with red girl in . flowered dress a little racket a 
an dress tennis , a girl racket a in orange . holding young , 
. little cape the holding the and flowered a in is racket pink dress red girl 
is man down snowboarding a <unk> a . 
snowboards down a snow-covered hill man . a 
snowboarding a down person . hill a in grey 
youth snowboarding going downhill 
down and is man with a a snowboarding the hat slope gear 
a a wearing green 's <unk> of black a a a suit . man sit white in woman bench , and on woman wearing restaurant front wearing grey 
. trees a three are stop bench sitting two tropical between people palm in bus on 
front three bench . people a of a on in restaurant 
on . three people trees palm a bench sit under 
on stop . a three sitting bench bus people 
. boy to top a <unk> has slide a of the 
top slide the a . of child at a 
climbs top of the . to slide a a child 
a he happily a holds as onto child metal . bar smiles 
looking at and something boy a small hat wearing glasses is smiling and a . 
friend back marker a 's kids black their on with one writing of . a group of are 
's on a laugh marker young back men as a group a . of <unk> they with friend 
boys friend black on marker at . 's with a a party their back drawing 
with of black writing a on . the friend <unk> <unk> back 
another and of writing people drawing back person marker on are with a . the 
. in a children <unk> <unk> sit holding 
of . their <unk> the children six own five have 
two at tables six african children . sitting 
front with children in sitting . two plastic rows on of are bags in the desk six them 
sitting . at three children <unk> 
girl a a . sidewalk on dances 
pants in a plays . a <unk> pink top and girl outside polka 
sidewalk pink a the wearing dances . on girl 
the pants and girl on jacket a has . polka dot pink 
hair from out watching their a child as behind long flies . 
tree down walking . dog under steps brown a is some 
walking dog steps is down . brown a 
walking dog a steps is . down 
down forehead white <unk> brown . on cement with steps dog coming 
the . down comes the dog steps 
white . midair catching and dog black a baseball a in 
dog a black with is . ball white a playing and white 
dog black up 's a at looks midair in white a . ball that 
ball its catch a <unk> up above <unk> trying on a dog head is its . 
white near a . a with catch fence ball a plays dog wooden 
girl in younger girl a dress . carries a pink a 
skirt sister pink a a runs . in holding girl her a 
the a . sidewalk a carries younger girl little on girl 
a a is holding and younger little . running girl her with girl little 
embrace two sidewalk young . the girls on 
a a rides man up ski a lift mountain . 
. the man ski ride the up lift and snowy woman the mountain 
two men chairlift a . on sit 
a up the people mountain . ride life ski on two 
wearing on chairlift skis two people 
water beach out running . dog onto the a the of 
dog . runs city a on the beach near a 
<unk> dog on is beach a . towards building a a white running 
. white a a dog on beach near large plays city the 
. water by white dog the the 
. <unk> a <unk> sign <unk> up a holding 
holding a <unk> is . a woman poster 
and up dress a a sign protest woman a . is black white holding in 
sign . holding is wearing a a a large and woman white black dress 
woman white in a print sign holding up . black top and sleeveless 
sign a a man . <unk> holding 
up a sign & a jeans . a man cowboy hat in holds 
a wearing sign cowboy hat man a holding protest a . 
hat . cowboy <unk> man a with an and a sign 
a sign " up <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> holds , " gear a that a says <unk> cowboy in 
track . other a race on the horses each few 
. racing are dog muzzled track greyhounds along at night a 
dogs of other 2 ahead race is . # dog a few 
with greyhounds track around several shirts a numbered racing . 
dogs are . the in running uniforms numbered 
past and backpack cycling riding is gear with a cyclist buildings . 
yellow helmet and a a his cyclist while . jacket wearing white bicycle rides black 
with backpack a cyclist yellow and helmet , a , . jacket 
bicycle backpack man wearing a a a helmet riding . and 
a a wall and wearing red stone bicycle brick man raincoat with riding is . yellow a backpack a past 
a a jumping brown . over obstacle dog 
hurdle dark a an yellow in dog wearing a brown over . is agility harness a competition jumping 
dog competition dark show dog competing a a . in is 
harness brown jumping dog yellow white with over obstacle 
event . in a jumping dog a hurdle sporting 
down flies as the dirt bike dirt . toward rider upside <unk> a the 
a dirt a behind man five <unk> . in spectators the bike racing with has rope his 
in off a middle a race bike . a the dirt of falling dirt person bike 
<unk> <unk> number racer on racetrack dirt bike . 
watch the falls boys biker the . while 
a to push the a swing young boy . girl helps on 
on it girl boy back with a a pulls swing a little 
swing a a on boy . a pushes girl 
a on pushes another . swing a child child 
boy outside the pushing on swing a a is girl . 
an a snowy in through . object mouth field is a with black moving dog their 
a through green while running black is dog something his a in snow holding covered area mouth . 
and . in jumping running a stuffed animal dog a black mouth with its a field is through snowy 
dog grass mouth in a brown object snow-covered holding outdoors through . its an moving is tall 
through . a object the grass dog an <unk> snowy 
. on a snowboard a guy 
midair in man coat down a , blue . snowboarding mountain in , a jump 
a a a person during on snowboard jump in blue . 
a downhill snowboarder riding 
snowboarding a down man mountain . 
is . a dirt rider on while midair trail a bike 
a airborne a on male road bike dirt . helmeted on a 
bike dirt trick on a a path a . does man 
a on a performing man outside . bicycle trick 
the . with the his jumped motorcycle in air man 
made swing playing are two out of . on tire a children a 
two . children around park in a swing tire a swing at 
swing . on tire a children two swinging 
happily swing on tire a small playing two . children 
tire swing blue children a jeans in enjoy small two wearing . swinging 
on over his a rail grinding guy a . is a snowboard tree 
jump a <unk> a <unk> man off snowboarding a making . 
a a up grinding . homemade ramp snowboarder 
piece a log snowboarder and from a . a made is on ramp board metal his riding of 
man . in skateboarding a snow over the is the log 
the . in rides skateboard a male a road 
a street in the skateboarding wearing in . man shorts black 
the on no shirt man wearing street a skateboarding 
no . downhill skateboards a man with speed shirt 
down sunny <unk> man skateboards shirtless a 
a black a man . motorcycle wearing riding a while uniform 
. rides a motorcyclist 
motorcycle a racetrack around . white is a being ridden 
black outfit motorcycle number . wearing and while <unk> races his his red 
, person red white on . , and black motorcycle a racing 
. a frisbee throws a girl 
a frisbee is little throwing tracksuit in a red girl a 
tries girl throw a frisbee to . little a 
throws a a child disc red in small . 
frisbee to . a toddler throw a prepares 
. watch play together owners while dogs two their 
two leashes dogs of have guys is on jumping . the and one dogs 
in one men front several orange and and one dogs in vehicles in grey of two two , . , 
in men skinny standing two two caps baseball with dogs white 
dogs two men are on in white by leashes cars . front two some held being of 
skates . bird the large across a top of , white water some 
water bird white with flying the a over low long neck a 
<unk> the the large bird . white water 
. white bird to in preparing water fly 
bird lake a to take . from white starting flight 
a his on bike bumpy path a . helmet a rides man with 
a rocky biker . terrain rides across mountain a 
riding in jacket mountain bike a a red a person . 
. trail riding person through on is a rocky a bike a the woods in 
. riding rocky on bike gear safety man in trail a a 
the dog a off . sand black leaping 
beach a shore the running near dog black on . the 
dog beach the . black runs a on 
beach a wearing a dog the running black . across collar 
leaps the beach on a . sandy dog 
stuffed a <unk> smiling is a . baby animal 
girl jacket . and stuffed holds smiles in <unk> little a a a animal 
girl a a a holding little <unk> in jacket toy . white 
a a animal a in winter holding little . wearing coat stuffed girl and hand is one 
a holding young pig girl a . smiles stuffed 
at girls two playing a . playground 
playground two playing bars . at parallel the girls on 
bars on girls parallel a of set two play . 
the girls . bars parallel playing little on two 
girls bars two young playground parallel a a of play on set in . 
uniforms in singing . a red <unk> front business in of a 
flower <unk> red dressed group women of in . with a all yellow 
rally all a . red wearing group women together of 
women in red shirts clapping five . 
clapping red are and wearing black women . 
, a wearing jeans at black jacket held man , blue jumps ball a blue a a blue shirt dog a dark by and striped . 
with ball a . a and a yellow dog play man 
black a a . dog <unk> yellow and man ball a with 
a with yellow man playing dog with a ball 
being the is at the up . man black jumping dog held yellow by ball the 
dirt shore a running dog of along stream the a brown 
dog a beach on . a small running 
is the . shore furry brown running ocean on small the of dog a 
the woman foreground , towards furry . with her walking animal sitting the at sand a on a the in beach 
. away seashore on running from the woman dog 
a dog an . jumping hurdle obstacle over brown 
. a jumps a hurdle dog over 
a and . jump large set tri-colored in dog clears up the grass green a yellow , white 
over dog a a field grassy brown jumping . on bar 
brown hurdle dog . over jumping a 
a midair hurdle a black white over and . in dog 
black dog white obstacle an a . is course fence over in a jumping and 
with . hurdle a dogs jumps a and red people white lawn and a on and other dog black white 
over white red a and gate dog a jumps . 
over an obstacle . dog the jumps 
over riding a hill man atv an a is 
flies person riding the an on a . a road while vehicle air off-road dirt through 
a atv four person riding wheel . jump over a a 
a from launches . a dirt jump quad 
midair on person wheeler . a stunt four does 
climbs a at child . jungle the gym barefoot 
a climbing a jungle up climbs girl at little park . gym a rock 
young . a a a climbing wall playground rock child at 
girl climbing a on climbing wall 
wall a girl the barefoot little is in . climbing park the 
while midair jump . a doing a in skateboarder 
and a . a skateboarder airborne is white flag american building an between 
in trick young . jumping a the skateboarder a air 
skateboard lot man . a in with parking jumping a 
jumping the is air skateboarder in the . 
. white woodland dog a and on walking path is brown a 
walking dog floppy camera a the woods the ears in . with towards 
road walks a a forest in dirt winter on a dog in . shaggy 
brown in with the dog is and background trotting white dirt across . trees 
a dirt dog is white and there running . brown over 
a and man on . green in a gets black bike muddy dirt 
helmet racing the motocross dirt in a racer and green . in a 
. black and green a a bicycle in a person riding outfit is 
bike riding man green dirt in uniform 
this equipment green man ride to bike and black is wearing his . dirt 
a a laughing holding little girl woman . 
a older a photo child together smiles woman are . and in an young all 
a woman jacket a girl an print . embracing young in smiling with a apple 
woman . , holding apple themed girl coat an who wears a a 
. is a pink a woman a sweater holds as smiling she child with 
woman talking . in from <unk> a to a man a shirt white 
a holding wearing shirt speaks a white a to a . man woman microphone 
woman a interviews a . man 
<unk> . with woman interviews player soccer the a a 
<unk> . with a a man a is from asking woman microphone a <unk> 
bearded test an agility jumps collie . course a over bars at 
dog over a jumps pole a white and . black 
over black and red and jumping a a white hurdle shaggy white is dog . 
a an agility . over test and dog bar black white furry during jumps a 
a low over in and jumps grassy area a . the pole dog furry black white 
little shoulder of wearing black on man sitting girl a a a . cap the is 
man on small holds a in . black shoulders his girl a hat a 
man . 's girl little shoulders riding the is on the 
a small girl . shoulders the on his man carries 
a pigtails his young with girl shoulders the is on . carrying man 
boy a a slide from green emerging 
boy sitting tunnel green in young a a is 
blue up little in his black tennis and a and has . shoes he boy striped on shirt green tube <unk> hair with sticking 
in little sitting boy tunnel green a his face a . on smile with 
sliding out tube in of small green boy striped shirt 
little swings a wind flies her girl the in hair . while 
a a . teal swing on red tracksuit little with hair and a girl 
jacket with . is girl a swinging a turquoise redheaded 
girl smiles hair the . a up a her blue sweatshirt as is in air young wearing 
is a swing out and behind her young swinging is the her girl on flying , hair . 
in and . black downhill a jacket skier pants 
down snowy skiing the slope guy a . 
blue skiing in . a downhill man 
hill . a man down a snowy skiing 
down on man a a day a clear mountain older skiing 
red shirt . pulls in a little kite a a girl 
running red background grassy in buildings . a a girl young through large in with top is area a the 
is a buildings young a . in flying a girl a beside field of lot kite 
child running through the . grassy field the is 
with top running kite a and red striped girl in young pants . 
a bowls a with ball man red . 
with a ball a man bowls . bowling red 
throw bowling alley a to getting man in ball a a is . ready bowling 
a red lane a about man young to throw down the ball bowling 
bowling . man in lit dimly a alley bowling 
swimming . creating large a whilst in ocean splashes is boy the 
black . hair water is a with dark and murky in swimming <unk> boy 
splashes . a child lake a in 
made . big jumped a boy the little splash a water and into 
into . a body boy of a falling young water 
ledge beach a a the on lone that man overlooks sitting 
man a a ocean . on overlooking the sits hill 
man an a . ocean sits by the on gravel 
the ocean a young a on sits , man watching cliff . 
out at the looks seated man . ocean 
bike race a watching dirt crowd a 
on race atv a the people sidelines . an of group of 
track on vehicles the a staring of people the at line dirt 
of race spectators at a a . line 
in watching field people standing fence motor at vehicles 
of track a couple atv a people are riding dirt 's on . 
black the the yellow is man dirt road with helmet , <unk> around , the going at track . the and 
around corner racers atv . coming a 
are people against . atv each other vehicles on competing 
garb full in people on racing 's atv protective 
who a boy blue an wearing held a is his under by is father coat umbrella 
city man . a a big baby a in carries 
a in city baby his a on big rain the . in a man asian shoulder carries 
world child <unk> new 
<unk> baby is <unk> carried by the being . dad city him that as the something through he 
a . climbing person a stone <unk> 
person in woods the distance in . climbs the rock a 
a a large rock rock is off descending climber 
rock . large the climbing in person a area is a wooded 
rocky person this is a outdoors . area climbing 
, people white driving helmet with blue watch and jacket black dirt pants a . on biker while , a 
bmx a on bike a person . 
with dirt white a and red people blue jacket person a from . a on in barrier on looking behind bike course 
blue the in around a is . going biker corner 
the blue . rider black motocross and wearing pants 
two furry brown lying light . dogs floor on a hardwood 
the floor two terriers on of play . wood home their 
wooden are a two <unk> of in laying dogs . doorway the apartment white 
house two . near dogs the playing white monitor a in computer 
dog in hallway wooden white a on two haired . floor a , long are 
a <unk> on is bald the man splits doing the 
in does a a wood and splits on the a shirt tie floor man 
man splits . does older hardwood a an the on floor 
the older in wood outfit floor splits man tie and a . does a nice on 
a split man the <unk> as he does <unk> smiles . 
on has a is . back a statue painting man a boy under bear a its kneeling of that of 
sits 's boy under a picture with a it bear on <unk> . 
statue on the under a 's , statue <unk> face <unk> with boy standing a bear a bear white little of picture . 
a bear <unk> <unk> . a of of statue is portrait on painted 
a up <unk> <unk> . reaching painting child with on bear of 
a standing <unk> of two are in woman a front and men elderly . 
black woman . a and wearing two jackets men 
and <unk> men under two <unk> hats are wearing . a standing sign a woman and 
are . wearing a both and older hats <unk> woman who two 
people an older . <unk> sign stand front of three in 
a in by is girl a water pool . splashed being 
a the water in being by girl a face fellow <unk> blue water swimmer . wearing with splashed is 
a splashed swimmer her past in by teammate swimming a gets pool . woman 
pool the a and splashed being woman in is 
in a around people splashing swimming are water two pool . with 
rock ponytail a face a . is free and man orange pants in a climbing 
rock without is climbing a . gear man 
rock a orange . climbs pants wearing man a 
it off a rock with climber shirt 
. rock up man face <unk> climbing shirtless , 
a swing garden . on are three the children in playing 
a . swing on set three children 
on a children grassy in . playing yard a <unk> three 
on set children a play three . swing 
a . one swing bar on on and set hanging ; kids one from , upside is , down a swing top the little three 
under an ground high climbing climber a above the . is overhang 
. hanging a person off cliff of a 
of underneath is a . overhang person rock climbing rock a 
high . climber steep rock a above rock <unk> <unk> to a a clings 
from formation a person <unk> view scenic with rock dangling 
is . bicyclist ramp jumping a graffiti covered on with 
jumping off of bicycle a ramp man a is his . 
a ramp on covered a jumping skateboarder graffiti . 
young his a ramp boy . jumps <unk> bicycle a on bike 
of at trick jumps top man the covered graffiti a ramp young on bicycle a . 
<unk> flips watches the in out tube a the boy green . a pink of while boy 
<unk> flip a into back pool another while has boy watches a . a swimming boy 
<unk> two boys pool with inflatable in <unk> around 
two two rafts a tube boys . in with pool 
guys and of in are his a pool one two innertube . falling is 
walking on beach . people dog the all are is sand over and the a 
a across in of a the . sand walks next front river rolling dog hills to 
<unk> a and . of beach with people animals a shot 
and beach surrounded mountains . dog people by at 
bay enjoying by and hills surrounded a . dog beach people some green are the of 
playing a pond black and creek in a or is . dog white 
around black a . the and splashing in dog white is water 
splashing white dog and a a stream black in is . 
playing some . dog a water in 
to a outdoor splashing stream grassy white next a . in bank is dog an 
woman shirt city a girl wearing get a little and fountain splashed yellow a . by 
fountain a and daughter at a mother 
an woman fountain in urban . a watches a play girl 
on edge an . a a girl of older fountain the woman plays while watches young 
side a of to a woman front young her standing girl a in fountain with 
a of <unk> people 5 standing group wearing <unk> 
of a concert . people in group a area posing 
building style standing industrial for people an . of photograph front posing five a in are 
a a pose people for . in five gym picture 
five a together people <unk> on wear pose . tags and necklace 
at in man street night shirt a grey a a in . is crowded standing 
man in holding stands a a crowd a white . object 
a crowded man on street . glasses and shirt with grey a a is 
people man a . <unk> on in crowd of pass standing and wearing a 
his eyes a one crowd . with in man closed standing 
a trail down . strewn a leaf is bicyclist riding 
in red yellow helmet rider a trail area jacket a a and <unk> leafy bike . wooded with a 
biking helmet yellow fall is in a . a the in woods through cyclist 
bike a through a man helmet . trail his yellow riding a on in the woods 
through on a riding on a man trail the bike in is . the a woods fall 
dogs on grass . 
dogs are the three grass on . running 
two of running . , a , are brown field three one and dogs grass white on together 
a . along three grassy yard run dogs 
together the . three in dogs grass run 
rail . is a a snowboard grinding on a buy 
snowboard a ramp a . is person a on jumping 
a . goes a ramp snowboarder down 
going a . ramp snowboarder a over 
a snowboarder clean white a , snow . on performs the jump 
a is 's man a <unk> hair . cutting 
cutting hair man with a in background <unk> beautiful the of flowers a 
. of with red cutting <unk> a man the a in background hair <unk> 
a haircut giving <unk> . 
. and one in , blue two men white another in 
white girl with standing . and the a backpack smaller is ground on a row in are a sitting children 
stands a surrounded lady the street on school by children . , 
in blue of children built group front a is a woman house a in . of beside stone jeans standing 
of buildings . stone adults gathered group outside some and children 
some and are near castle . parents children decorated many waiting a 
street . a crowded city 
gathering a . is square in crowd a town 
. looking people of crowd at something a 
. tourists a in the city group gathered are together in square <unk> of of busy a front 
crowd an event outdoor at 
a group . of dogs field runs a pond a beside through 
the through . multicolored grass running several dogs 
grass markings with tan , . running are dogs two , black three along 
. running through dogs a field three 
run grass three <unk> lake dogs nearby . , a on table and picnic 
through of cave on . harness middle a in climbing the a man a 
a on cliff hanging person of a off . rope a 
<unk> cliff face . person off a a 
in cliff rock a . climber the from a hangs mountains 
a a face area above climber . heavily down mountains nearby repels wooded rock a cliff 
at an by being . child smiles a adult camera held the 
a smiling blue a jacket . in child 
smiling by being . held while small is the child a camera adult smiling a at 
. a dressed in child a woman blue holds 
holding wearing sweatshirt a smiling . blue child woman is a a 
the on a boy his is with . bike doing tricks ramp 
. a a his bike boy <unk> on rides 
. a gets airborne on ramp cyclist a 
a a bike man . on a on jumping ramp bike 
a a tricks bicycle . does boy teenage on 
on concrete surface pants with in blue the running man other a running men shirt camo a him and a dressed white behind . same and 
background another a man man the races in 
across a men racing pants parking in camouflage . lot 
a men track uniform . in along run 
lot . a several quickly people running parking are through 
. swan and park girl a pink a in at jumps a the shirt stars in 
jumping a . girl red-haired is by swan a 
a swan red towards is a jumping haired girl . 
sidewalk young a . playing a with swan hair a is red girl on with 
girl a haired on next white young red the jumping a . to duck sidewalk 
in running blue contest agility tube and towards . a an a brown dog is 
a is during competition a dog running . 
dog a . tunnel toward a runs 
in a dog competition is . competing a retriever golden 
and a blue yellow the running tube dog . is towards brown 
a a is a black . jumping guy skateboard chain a shirt with on over 
chair man a onto a jumps skateboard sitting a . that on folding is 
. a skateboarding while chair brown jumps man a over 
in the skateboard black with his chair man is jumping a hat the over . 
the jumps off man . the chair 
a team sitting is driver race car in a <unk> . 
in team . the with at race driver a car a helmet sits an <unk> car orange <unk> <unk> 
<unk> . in a sits car the race 
start car ready getting the of race race driver for the . 
car banners and racing <unk> background , marked . spectators in track on team 
, a at a and wearing and shirtless park man wearing face . paint woman laughing a 
paint body outside . wearing people 
his under man has paint eyes off with . his shirt the 
on the paint have . them people 
faces paint on two with in their friends face a . park 
top woman wearing brunette stroller dog blonde while wearing white black walks a black shorts white a gray a a . bottoms a pushes t-shirt and male a and brown 
a child front store a a . couple walking of in and in stroller a dog a 
pushing him shorts in . man a walks walks baby big and right carriage behind dog brown a a a woman 
man a a walks a while pushes . brown a stroller woman dog 
a woman . is walking a stroller a a dog with man passing 
two sliding . children down are a water slide 
purple two slide children of the . a at water bottom 
raft water on children in a slide a . two 
purple a a on kids innertube go down two water . slide 
<unk> an water little ride two . down a purple girls slide inflatable 
a grass standing in a is boy . racket the holding 
shirt round jeans a toy boy standing handle . a a grass and in holding blue with purple the a in is 
backyard in . <unk> a <unk> racket boy a his with 
through boy . lawn the walks a 
and fence . with yard child other a is playing toys a with in toy a inside purple clothing a 
umbrella 2 in men a are green dressed sitting under . there stripes 
<unk> <unk> a along road gondola sit two in . 
rest gondola two the in shade umbrella <unk> a table . of 
<unk> <unk> in sitting two 
of people sitting steps climb building group of are two . of a a while in men a set front in chairs 
. the beach running the ocean near brown dog on a 
dog a the running beach on 
ocean . near in the the sand runs <unk> wet golden a dog on 
a beach a wet dog running tan across . 
the runs wet shoreline . a yellow along dog 
a stick fetching a . dog 
. in a a little through white the and his with running grass dog stick mouth tan 
a grass white dog freshly holding on , <unk> stick small runs little a . 
stick with returns . dog <unk> small the his 
the grass the through mouth small dog fluffy white tiny its green runs in a with stick . 
and ball jumps a female player bikini . volleyball the a <unk> wearing 
volleyball net a <unk> over a the . woman skinny 
is a playing woman . volleyball 
woman at . volleyball a playing the beach 
a . woman plays volleyball 
in other a with muzzle a dog leading race a dogs several is 
. a greyhound leaps race in a 
, dog following in . muzzled four with a dogs race a 
. dogs five are racing 
are dirt racing on dogs track a five . 
men , one green <unk> paperwork walls with dressed sit room man a as doing , . <unk> three , in an 
three floor . sit green men room in on 
carpet men sit three the . on 
looks men a three sit while book one together . at 
. eastern the men on paperwork three are green by looking some middle at wall floor a sitting 
helicopter while the . grey a drops ocean someone in hovering 
helicopter in man the a over . low ocean wetsuit of out a <unk> a 
a from helicopter jumps wearing <unk> a . into the man water 
jumping . into from helicopter diver ocean 
helicopter ocean the jumping man a . out into of 
makes the and are a . sits one two sidewalk boys group face a near of smiling while 
face making boys one a posing picture them a , . are for of three silly 
three , holding a pose boy . boys sidewalk camera one on 
young . shirts is a green is another toy holding holding boys three a all smiling camera one are and and wearing tee 
boys a outside picture and for playing three posing young 
after a dog chasing something brown 
<unk> brown a through the . is grass dog 
dog a grass the brown . in is running 
on fast outside green . a grass brown dog runs 
breed a opposite <unk> person is a dog direction running german . of the in 
through looking children have they magazines folded into <unk> 
up to children . hold magazines four their eyes rolled 
rolled looking four <unk> children through . up 
like look children . <unk> four through magazines rolled 
look <unk> . four children through magazines 
man another grabbing a the . is holding a arm of rugby uniform in man one football 
strip black red the the the keep trying and yellow is the ball in player in taking player to from . rugby 
on field rugby the a players play . 
. two men are rugby playing 
a them , field two one a of playing holding football men on . 
throwing bride behind several a standing . to her women bouquet her is 
air of the group . , her a her towards throwing behind bride ladies up a in bouquet 
waiting to crowd . bride a flowers throws a her her head over 
women tossing to her bride a of . group a bouquet 
new throws females white bride . a dressed behind a in her bouquet to waiting 
around a dust a coming car a creating on lots curve gravel course of race 
a it cloud dust of with race a car behind 
it up turn a sharp as rally a dirt kicks car . makes 
a crowd blue race smoke raises on car . observes of as cloud road 
car racing on dirt road a 
concert at sing and a a group . people dance of 
a group a people dj in singing his of station front of at . 
dancing a front <unk> two of group in performers of . 
audience a <unk> to work sing and the group performers . of 
of on group a kids stage singing . 
is people direction their of the hands crowd same air a hold some facing . in the while 
other red lot their surrounded a of up girl by a in a is . hands dress people holding 
in lifted crowd arms have people a many . 
several arms people their with a . in , crowd some raised 
of dress amidst is hand . girl red the in group raising the a her people 
headphones kitchen boy is <unk> red off standing a wearing a a of front shirt in in 
kitchen boy poses wearing in a headphones display 
boy red with a ropes headphones a <unk> . shirt behind with is 
young a listens through of music front headphones a . boy in to kitchen 
wearing headphones boy . in kitchen 
the <unk> bull prey 's he a by . <unk> his just as hit 
. bull fancy a <unk> and <unk> 
<unk> . a bull a man in <unk> a 
a by white in <unk> bull getting and hit and pink <unk> clothing a gold <unk> is 
<unk> he it swords as with <unk> a the <unk> by is . his bull <unk> 
watch trick . kids boy as on a a does his other bike 
bicycle in on midair a boy a 
a on doing in a . trick bike air the male his 
. a his incline bicycle above a cement high jumps man 
man midair bmx in bike a on a 
. girl sniffing pink a little white a hat a flower in 
flower little girl a a smelling 
. a flowers smelling is the girl young 
cap smelling little knit flowers with . girl , 
<unk> white up . the child flowers the young toward 
<unk> . baseball the uniform in boy a runs a 
the boy in . running game a baseball is <unk> around a 
to . a runs base boy a baseball 
field on baseball baseball . a child in a runs uniform a 
to the one the of <unk> young is baseball player . running 
covered chasing a hill dog dog grass a another down black black . 
and one . down a run color hill black dog one dog <unk> 
black through dogs run two field . a 
day across two sunny a dogs on field . a race 
grass running clear . in two on field dry a day a of dogs 
to white child a fence in tree pink next flowered . a is and a white picking 
. a tree girl flower in a a pink hat pick from a 
. is picking <unk> a tree young from a girl 
pink the flower . pink vest knit young girl <unk> tree looking sleeves , with hat flower a at a and a with on white is 
a knit and dressed reaching pink is a . , in white cap tree wearing and toward <unk> girl , the 
ball baseball player throws . a the 
in a middle boy at a game . baseball pitch a the of 
on . throws mound pitcher baseball a a a 
a baseball . boy teenage pitching a 
a young the throwing baseball is . pitcher 
tunnel by a emerges blue yellow show at being dog shirt black <unk> white from and in dog . a a a man a 
a his him to a with and running . tunnel black yellow white trainer is out of dog next 
under a black . running dog a from person behind with white a cover and yellow them 
blue behind a man . and dog under a that cloth in is shirt from yellow yellow a out running a 
owner it sprints while small to tries away . its a catch dog 
a a a on with sitting to help another a man in stroller . child on down laying and over a bench leaning woman park bench a 
of bench with shoes in a sleeping on a front it man girls a ties little her woman 
child a park and stroller at woman sitting taking her people on in . benches of <unk> the 
her and the bench woman sit the the on men child . as helps lay 
stop long pigeons walk this rest they . to <unk> a <unk> the so family their park at after the 
a her with . stuff around lady from tree hangs a blue tied 
herself above in <unk> the <unk> . <unk> in trees an fabric 
from her hanging , a woman . in wrapped tree cloth a leg 
from a woman fabric a a <unk> tree blue to connected . 
on woman . hangs tree limb 
green in . jacket in a leaps air girl a the 
in a jumping . girl on is green concrete 
long hair . stone a another with a to bench woman jumps from 
jumping a woman to beam a young 
from to another woman young one . bench jumps a 
a from sliding team the . onto baseman and base opposing <unk> a 
while waits second runner into for the ball a the slides <unk> base 
men . in a game baseball participate 
in one three background motion in base a another ; . , players baseball the into sliding running 
the playing . red a helmet wearing is baseball men the sliding to three and one plate 
on the plays beach . a dog 
a dog . beach running a on 
. hanging something beach of with its the a dog on runs large out mouth 
the dog across ran the beach . 
the black large the the near is sand running beach dog on . 
is pit a in a motorcyclist muddy driving . 
dirt dirt a on path yellow . bike a person in riding a is 
bike dirt a mud a on riding person 
riding the is . dirt a on a and <unk> helmet person motorcycle a in with 
drives dirt . yellow through the suits dirt a rider bike his in a 
. pitbull grass brown stick mouth a a in the with runs white its through and 
dog carries on grass brown a green the . stick long a 
with brown running his a in long stick dog . mouth a 
the the brown in . dog the carried grass stick 
is grass brown the dog through . running with the in a mouth its stick large large 
a laughing the boy chases grass . on boy younger an older 
the two 's boys are running one <unk> ; smiling other and by being . 
grass run the in . and children two play 
area through grassy young running are . boys a two 
. across young two yard a run boys green 
runs a a a . model girl large heart past of 
human girl of display front in museum . heart about a the young a plays 
girl . the display is by the 
girl shirt a <unk> is center through a blue wearing the . running 
in the little girl playground the . indoor playing enjoys 
black in guys of paintball a . bunch play 
people a of with group . <unk> fighting paintball wearing while guns body 
team a paintball shoots 
some people . playing paintball 
ball paintball starting first . speed round team the 
play field men of . group hockey a 
a his during on falls in a . hockey match blue face field player 
players blue player one red in a field hockey taking and with fall 
hockey shorts man the shirt white field five playing on . ground in on blue males with 
a the field a match player takes <unk> in hockey . 
each at . there terriers boston are biting other two 
playfully two each . boxers at other snap 
. with playing mouths their open together dogs two are 
are field large in dirt two a dogs . fighting 
at small in <unk> dogs each growling a other two 
mountain cyclist a down . rocky rides a 
gear a man professional riding through bike forest mountain <unk> in . a a 
on bike outdoors a mountain a man . 
wearing a a bike woods . man a the helmet in riding blue 
biker path rides a bike mountain through a . 
having and in <unk> a crowd a . woman people are <unk> man a of 
black leather . , blue is a surrounded jacket hat gray people a and sweater in man by 
man as crowd , looks through <unk> . a wearing he a and shirt tie a navigates 
people by jacket old and other grey wearing leather . an surrounded a a hat several 
a <unk> wearing in , and , man people tie hat of crowd 
. a dog and brown <unk> black a fly 
. black looking dog a fly a at 
dog fly looks head . its at above a a 
's be he back flying insect <unk> to looking dog appears an by is . , and a at head 
dog with brown pointed its and . black nose <unk> 
a brown over jumping a . blue yellow stick dog and 
brown a jumping a hurdle . over dog 
a obstacle jumps brown over . an dog 
hurdle a a a dog over . competition at jumps 
pole a yellow . brown jumping hurdle is black and dog a over the 
people sign the a while carries girl reads follow a her rescue . of group that a 
sign wearing girl headband . street a is pink on carrying the a a 
walking . saying with woman a the headband crowd " rescue , sign lead a of a the holding " a at 
, girl walking " shirt holding in sign a is that " says and up in a pink young a the sidewalk blue . rescue the 
blue girl protest a . with shirt at 
is clothes beige wearing snowboard in snow a flying . on air the person a 
snowboarder a a pipe on a . trick half does 
. in the snow above a snowboarder air 
in above snowboarder blue a sky midair . beneath a a snow-covered ridge is 
air is . a ramp the a snowboarder in above of snow 
terrain blue helmet a in man sunglasses and through wooded a bikes 
rides a man . blue helmet mountain a bike in a 
. grass bicycle in his rides a through wooded area a man some 
jacket black and in a bike woods a riding blue helmet with a man yellow a the and . is 
a riding biker woods the through mountain . 
wearing helmet ride male a is the out a a bicyclist outdoors in for blue . 
with a mountain biking man helmet a blue 
in his wearing dirt riding a on blue helmet a man the . is bike 
trail a . rides biker mountain a down 
on blue is man helmet in bike the a the . 
. yellow in wilderness bike in a the outfit his a man racing 
. blue with biker riding trail along <unk> helmet 
a cyclist slope downhill riding steep . on the in 
down man the a rocky riding trail bicycle helmeted a in . on 
. the mountain the biker trail is hill descending woodland a on 
. a multicolored jumping over black a barrier dog is 
over obstacle dog black an . jumping a 
an black in pole course dog over a jumping yellow a obstacle 
over dog hurdle a jumping a is . 
obstacle black course in jumping dog bar 
a runner player to baseball . ball the a slides to crouching catch safety as 
boy the baseball a waiting baseman is base sliding for the ball game while a . is towards a in 
player slides in <unk> where into league plate . rival crouches little 
in . league two a play game boys little 
two the . park baseball playing at children 
looking people something camera photos of . taking and are off group of a 
by window of group watching people are something a . standing a 
<unk> an <unk> people of group unseen and pictures a take of . 
of something wait group a stand . people to see and 
clapping people <unk> of pictures and taking . 
man crowd picture a a in a takes . 
another man of a picture takes . a two crowd in a men 
at on look a men concert takes , two photo a while . another 
crowd at is the for <unk> an . event buy gathering 
turned while men together picture around concert a a two . in is going on are a crowd taking the in background 
men <unk> stand a glass group outside a of . and building 
are city looking a intently in at three very men . a wall 
men area glass in . three stand a 
people a glass . in three structure 
an structure in stand . people three outdoor glass 
grey colored reddish a carrying a . in boy ball soccer wall is by a a hat 
shirt a ball carrying blue a dressed is soccer a cap in child . and 
ball is boy holding a little soccer a 
small ball . is soccer boy carrying a a 
hat large holding small . wearing a child ball a coat a and 
green attempts climb pink kids wall outfit and a a a girl made to in for . 
wall climbing a . hat with girl is playground pink a a 
little rock climbing girl a a wall . 
. in wall a kiddie climbing girl hat a little a 
young hat a girl pink wearing on . climbs the playground equipment a 
a large dog a standing are beside fence and small a in each other . 
black dog a black . large a dog chases small 
far black black dog <unk> large dog . a over a smaller 
dog dog the is black little black the behind . big 
fence standing two a are grass wooden by black dogs on the . 
a a skateboard red a stairs shirt boy some wearing on up jumps 
steps . a on dancer 
skateboarding a . is guy 
on small purple stairway skateboard at top of wearing shirt a stands the person a . a a 
the a stairs jumps off . skateboarder 
performing trick a bicyclist . tall tree is a on a 
bike a is person riding . tree a a on 
with tree riding at wheels person on bike a . a trunk night blue a 
tree of person doing a a on trick a a trunk bike young . 
riding tree a is person . up tires a blue bike with 
basket a shaped bunch swing swing together in of . a a like large kids 
a . on playing are swing group kids of tire a 
round a playing are large . children net on swinging five 
swing children round five rocking a . in are 
the on sit the children five . together swing all 
a sunny little in a is midair day harness a . on girl in 
ropes harness jacket a swinging yellow in is a and pink attached . hat little a girl in to 
young seat sky blue child jumps a bungee and in in . tree a front a of 
in . on coat girl little swing a pink 
little wearing pink the girl having . jumping fun is bungee 
green lying on in its back grass . a dog black 
. rolling in a dog grass black 
. in a the around rolling grass dog 
dog grass rolling in 
dog the grass black and is rolling brown in . the 
soccer the a a playing , boy in ball about to kick blue . , 
goal kick . about player the to near a ball soccer is the 
chasing on player the with after a another the young player soccer ball . right 
playing with soccer background an . children adult in the 
a the soccer attempts game in blue to boy a . ball during kick , 
and air is a into jumping legs with child wearing shirt pink their a spread the arms . 
spread a near legs . a arms female jumps <unk> and with 
in midair in shirt her a <unk> a girl pink is . <unk> out 
girl . pavement on a jumping 
pink with legs and a a arms in wearing air the to shirt her her jumps woman sides . spread 
very in in boy man and water stand a shallow young . <unk> 
men in fishing two a . are river 
low <unk> in two are . murky pond a men 
fly . men river fishing two in while a standing 
fishing a people pond two are in 
the on in sand wrestling man two boys while a looks 
kids as two a observes man wrestle 
off each boys watches dirt a two man as other brush . little 
wrestle watches sand while in man the young boys . a two 
on an while young . boys two looks wrestling adult male 
who holding a one <unk> wearing to stands girl near pajamas a . is girl 
. are and in two paper one has girls hand dancing her 
appear and are pants girls <unk> two . be to dancing in 
two indoors in pajamas . girls 
<unk> teenage , holding dance in one paper girls two bottoms . a 
a for formal picture of a . group pose people in dressed wear 
. groomsmen the jumping in the of all a purple bridesmaids photo wedding , , 
park a in posing area bridal . party 
purple the with in and the <unk> groomsmen in the groom bridesmaids rear bride the . 
purple photo outside , wedding this the wedding shows and party . gathered , in white 
running are wearing track around muzzles dog . two dogs a 
on a race two dogs track . 
. are two a greyhounds competing in race 
race around track . a two greyhounds 
are . running a track two muzzled greyhounds on 
boy jumps a his . with out off a wall short arms 
. haired boy a jumping in dark sunglasses is 
boy . <unk> off little a jumps yellow a 
in of in young is front a jumping boy the wall . concrete a air 
. boy blue is rail by a yellow and sunglasses wearing jumping the 
a man in rugby chases match . an player a opposing 
a a grab ball running with him to . as opponent man tries his 
man a his tries it man opposing runs grab an team to a hand from a while in with ball . 
game a . men in soccer play 
player to rugby ball player with the . the trying catch one 
sunglasses photo on show closeup with her an head woman a art a at of 
dark sunglasses . top of smiling head with her hair long woman wearing a on 
art stands her glasses woman a in gallery head . an wearing on 
on and a head front with of art an display . in sunglasses her standing woman 
a making half is camera the smile woman . at 
girl of are asian and boy field an tulips running . an asian through a 
running red boy flowers of large field and . girl through 
flowers children a red of . two field in 
children <unk> two red a in of field 
of field red kids playing are flowers two . in a 
boy three middle side red tie kids red the with on and , a in . jacket laugh a , either girl a 
sitting on three bench a wooden smiling children 
<unk> children smiling a and three . on sitting bench are 
a children colorful close in clothes . three sitting together are bench young on 
bench a in tie shirt in girl and and shirt two brown and a jacket in on green a one a . one blue red a boys 
in a a looks girl through . luggage in a outfit city tent pink 
sitting people a of . one group are <unk> while front of tents in belongings 
. campsite <unk> 
people are tents far of eastern sitting around white some . <unk> 
tents on them ground . white the surrounding with are sitting people the 
a man his out ship steering at . is sea 
. <unk> watercraft partly under a man skies a cloudy 
. above on beautiful a man and sky a a has boat him 
man wheel behind a a . boat <unk> of the 
sailboat steers sailor a a . turn through a 
crowd of outside skinned tents dark standing people . a white of 
line dirt of a the near tents several of group and people on white stand a sit . 
next a group tents and to sitting of <unk> their . 
by tents tree people line . a of are gathered a white beside 
of <unk> sit some , markings . some people tents and in of a <unk> group before a stand background white with 
military family camp a at a 
military watches crowd men area small tent . in a a 
woman opening a waits holding tent others pitcher of a the a outside among . 
. people a tent under 
watching a women and . them are two into going men tent <unk> with 
running a is . dog white black and sand on 
red runs dog and . across white the dirt a black 
black . running terrain barren across dog a 
dirt pitbull black is dog running the a through . 
paws black white runs on field dog barren with 
a motorcyclist two track around racing 
a race along of the roadway two edge cyclists 
driving on are a course two . racers motorcycle race 
two racers ride . motorcycle along racetrack a 
on two a track motorcyclists . 
on sitting sidewalk a people a group . of 
benches sit on girls . 
shoes girl silver . and is a the pink jacket wearing 
girls the afternoon the in . take a break 
. teenage <unk> the in park girls two are 
surfboard wetsuit on . black in a man a a 
a . black wave in a on surfs man 
on surfer is . a a wave 
a good surfer catches sized . a wave 
on man wave a . catching surfboard large a 
puts of a the of around mouth statue hand tourists a her near stand lady a group . as 
woman beside at to kiss a a pretend making four bench hand a her statue boys . is 
a posing with a alongside of boys group a statue woman 
a bench boys on a of with statue a leans woman talking a <unk> . a sit while backpack group 
street woman artist statue hand living gets <unk> by . her 
boy riding a . concrete a scooter is the path down 
sidewalk scooter a child on a . the down moving 
building scooter on a a a near a sidewalk youth rides . 
scooter his boy riding sidewalk . is the the on 
scooter rides boy on . his drive young 
is . a arena bull man an in <unk> a 
. bull black running a away is guy from a 
being bull the . <unk> a in down bull man ring a by is 
. man a away a running <unk> bull from 
bull backwards ring a him behind bending . with man in 
a a is dandelion with blowing . pink gear blond shirt on a 
blows girl dandelion a . on a 
blowing young dandelion a a girl on . <unk> 
. a is a on blowing girl young dandelion 
is dandelion hand blow to in her on a girl preparing young a . 
stands picture for family their holding faces , frames a to a . 
group own picture their threw children a faces frames sticking . of 
front of frames faces in people . cardboard hold their 
. picture several their frames are faces to holding up children 
faces frames people their the through . are showing 
a teal young . outfits doing matching a of doing group women dance in 
street in . girls at a outfits matching festival four are dancing 
for crowd four women dance . a 
blue outfits . in girls a light perform dance <unk> 
in dance blue . a dressed perform girls some 
a in girls of stand costumes wearing park a group . 
group <unk> who girls dressed are a standing together of 
. group <unk> in costumes <unk> a of people 
group females dressed and a three costume one of male in 
umbrella costumes an while holds three in dressed one women are . 
a crowd . a watches on biker a wire 
children riding wires a who is suspended a group watch of . his on bicycle man 
group a . stunt children do man a of a watching bicycle 
. tightrope on a a perform children bicyclist watch 
. stunt bicycle a watching boys the are 
collar beach out dog tongue a his a on with sticking black running a wearing the red dog pink with . white 
along the a dog . beach dog a following black white is 
barren . two dogs across the run ground 
dogs . the beach on two running 
<unk> dogs beach on terrier two . the 
in hardhat a man beside a . a ladder stands 
off hat man . in looks a camera orange jacket an and white 
front a is a hardhat standing orange and red wearing . a man ladder of in jacket 
white ladder next is to person a a helmet in . standing a 
with helmet smiling construction a worker white a . 
is grass the . a its brown dog mouth a laying on with on back in its ball 
lies , the mouth a back in its brown holding grass ball its a dog on in . 
on ball rolling its brown tennis mouth dog a grassy . with a on back surface a its 
<unk> mouth . dog back his a with his on in tennis lays ball a 
rolling a grass tan a tennis around dog in plays while with the ball . 
the the white ice side rink red and . a in team of on hockey 
a hockey ice takes break team . off a the 
at rink waits hockey a team the hockey . 
. hockey the sidelines ice sitting are on players 
the . a on uniforms hockey red game during bench in players 
on a a snowboard doing jump man a 
his a jacket man . makes jump a a on orange wearing snowboard bright 
air man going wearing hill over an orange a in snowboarding the after a coat is . 
. leaping snowboarder in orange over a snow is <unk> a 
snowboard . a a jumping on the into air man slope off 
hurdle a . uniform blue is over white girl a in a and jumping 
a girl . tall hurdles 
uniform a . woman over a jumping track a hurdle in 
a a over jumping a woman hurdle race . during 
a blonde blue hurdle tracksuit woman . in young a jumps white a and 
through running is an a obstacle dog course 
a jump a . jumps over dog 
dog with on bar . its bar the a <unk> small are jumps toy a , over 
a dog a a jumping with over . in toy is its mouth small pole 
with <unk> decorated bar ribbons . toy over with mouth dog in jumps 
the . player gets player football a tackled by in opposing football a of the possession ball team on 
onto tries hold leaps his . air in a foot football to the player another while 
in . tackle of male <unk> uniform football orange player player white and another 
. football two playing guys 
a men football during two game 
the a in girl sprinkler plays . a black swimsuit with 
girl playing is water fountain of a a in . young 
plays young water . a in girl fountain 
crouches splash little fountain to water girl . 
out suit water playing with the a there girl bathing of in is ground young . shooting a 
of is with girl and there a on boy a it the on back a umbrella is bicycle an , . 
bicycle umbrella stands with . and an couple a a outside 
of by smiling the a boy a back bicycle <unk> riding . an girl a is umbrella on with 
an man umbrella holding woman a . with rides a bike a 
holding . back climbing a the is , on bicycle a boy there a on and umbrella ; girl an , 
baseball and a purple playing . black wearing child 
she . a as closes swings her the and girl the bat misses eyes softball 
takes girl playing softball . a a strike 
playing swing softball a girl . a taking , 
at a . softball swinging player it a softball and <unk> 
in glove a catcher on upraised on black baseball during a man with a uniform while uniform foot ground game <unk> , . a his the white base a keeps the a 
, . making ground base on catcher the runner 
a softball base a game , first throw to touches diving first runner baseman catch the while in the 
game softball two playing a teams 
catcher playing . and are softball the women slides base onto 
. player catches baseman the baseball the to is ball while a a trying to base run 
while first runs attempts player out pitcher to towards throw base the . softball a her 
runner first time <unk> the catch get the to . this out baseman in softball just in game makes 
a on people baseball field . three a park at play 
softball women . three are playing young 
woman a and men black black outside two 
a looking woman different men and two . directions in 
a close two to . woman young men , standing and another one 
the coat right a to while a a looks left woman looks light to wearing man blue the . 
a sunglasses wearing men two next woman standing to . 
road tree along one female a lined on ride a and a bike male seat 
bicycle back girl . a the holds of while man a a him young onto rides 
standing bicycle 's a man forward while man the . girl <unk> back a the of is on young 
around with his rear . back female on arms with bike standing man on of neck 
another kid is one bike his on <unk> 
truck takes of in . man back picture a yellow a of a the a van 
his a car at behind a looking the out of yellow looking man van back 
truck a riding . one a the road in looking yellow of person the is down vehicle back towards 
shooting yellow bus picture photographer of . 
vehicle the . of open back in sit a shadow by vehicle people in two followed another 
and a house dog by white brown . plays in a yard the 
standing dog in brown white . yard a and a 
<unk> of <unk> in a a . house dog 
grass on . up the tied dog while stands a 
is the . leashed in of home backyard someone dog 's a 
two dogs jumping towards are . each black other 
collide black . two dogs 
two fight in dogs black a field . 
black playing in . two grass dogs the 
green on wrestle . dogs grass two the black 
man red man a to in white ball . stop a a tries and with 
opposing an attempts free both a player player with <unk> of rugby in to . break teams 
against rugby him member tackle <unk> . ball a a player the to attempting team the of other 
runs yellow him field uniform player to in rugby six and on a a other team while tackle the . tries down the number black 
way in rugby black ball is in the pushing his whilst carrying red . through a a player player 
the a snowboarder in air with hand balancing his snowboard on the 
handstand doing . snowboarder a a 
doing . a <unk> <unk> a snowboarder 
in does their in . with a plant air snowboarder the jacket snowboard a blue and hand a white 
board the handstand in his a snowboarder doing with air . a is a on slope 
steps top a of three sitting of are at the . flight children 
top of . children three are staircase the a sitting on 
case children a marble top are . sitting three on stair of 
stairs . the sit kids atop three 
surrounded three brick <unk> . stairs small walls boys by at of sit top the 
mohawk chasing geese a a with . park in a boy 
child is a . and two with playing black white geese 
as . large with plays bird child a a laughs he 
away . geese boy chases <unk> young a two 
. grass geese away young runs fly the as <unk> a two boy along to 
a . is corner blue car around coming a race 
a with turning . blue <unk> a corner spectators car rally 
group it as rounds . the racing cheer of car fans a mountain corner the blue 
cloud raises dust . as car race on photos spectators road blue take 
. car of taking in the a pictures track driving around blue is a are rally spectators that bend 
dog brown . green rough black and grass on a a playing are dog 
dog . a a dog biting black is brown 
shepherd tan dog and a german . a fighting are 
inside fighting yard black and a a tan a dog . dog fenced 
other while two playfully biting dogs each jumping 
a dog next the grass pond brown a to on . 
through runs grassy a field brown a dog 
. on running collar is a blue brown a grass the wearing dog 
beside . a in dog lying the a water with of grass is him body 
in brown bandanna is grass tied its with a the the dog the neck . by blue laying around water 
in festival a girl <unk> a . green crowd past dressed 
woman . outside rollerskating dressed event in a an is green at 
fair street a woman skates in . a through green 
a down uniform woman green . the skates at the in road fair 
cement girl green . on wearing <unk> 
road a <unk> dust men a . group cloud racing a beside the near up car as gravel of of tree a stands them on 
kicks up on car a gravel . track a dust and dirt race 
people many smoke watching a car . heavily by stand 
car <unk> the watching people speed a . dirt race are 
dust pass racing spectators dirt watching of a six car a by . cloud in 
brown in . behind girl jumps young a dark a dog shorts 
dog . against jumping is a young girl a 
onto a jumping a outdoors girl while . is dog young 
and onto a jumping a a shirt up girl shorts dog wearing white with . paws blue yellow 
is . dog there a a <unk> young girl 
graffitied on front of lone a bike jumping a wall bicyclist his in . 
tricks a doing man a bike on 
he a jumps <unk> man of bicycle his the while . grabs 
on is an jeans man track dirt nearby doing along in bicycle track a . a a with graffiti air 
a tricks bike mural man by . a performs 
dolphin above a water 
dolphin water a is of out jumping the . 
a the of blue dolphin leaping . out ocean 
dolphin . a pokes the above water 
a of dolphin . its out head the pokes water 
man juice on a sunny drinking a . day 
walking . drinking man while juice orange a 
a a juice drinking orange man day . while on sunny walking 
a walks man drinks . orange outside and juice 
a a walking suit <unk> taking . of is while a outdoors in man something 
a a blurred bicyclist on . picture 
a mountain on a bend dirt is cyclist track bike . a leaning around a 
shirt a in woods a a man the green in bike rides . 
. a path a bike riding person dirt a through sideways 
there in a green a an riding <unk> person a . a in rural bike at extreme is area shirt 
the on and sidewalk dog white jumps brown . a 
dog running . on in white a sidewalk the little 
running . ears is sidewalk with the dog white on brown a 
sidewalk white little . the dog brown running on and 
running is the . dog 
races a a dressed dirt gray including , gear a in dirt on track man . bike , helmet 
his with man black a and a wheel in front 's . in <unk> midair helmet uniform bike 
dirt bike riding a a man 
the action track a motorcycle is at racer in . 
bike riding dirt dirt track on biker 
baby a a , red . while boy holding hair ball his picks yellow and at 
red a and soccer soft . ball holding a blonde toddler is yellow haired 
little a and kid holding soccer yellow a . toy red 
soccer . small holds child ball a stuffed a 
red . a a stuffed soccer and yellow at boy looks ball young 
the smiling child camera eating at food . and a 
shirt eats , a a little child <unk> bread in smiling of green a . 
. something a child eating jacket small a in green 
looks and as child smiles she . small a eats 
a little snack a eats smiling . in a jacket boy green 
woman whilst mask a wearing on . dust her is walking the street in mouth a 
with a her <unk> pulled up woman on a mask with hair . 
wearing woman mask young a a . 
with young over mask face women pink . a a her 
public shirt face walks girl plaid a mask in she . as wears her over in 
dribbles parking a in to . ball a grass boy lot soccer a field a next 
plays . a field on a boy grassy ball 
kicks black blue child yellow a and and a black in . ball 
little soccer black kick a . is about boy to ball a 
a . is young playing boy soccer 
desert of in playing . a ball group a with boys a 
. sandy a young group men soccer on are play of a plain to about 
play ball in dirt boys . the 
. african kids some with playing ball a 
looks boy boys the him behind while ball other at the camera play . small 
smoke . and other <unk> behind two race from each <unk> 
. two <unk> <unk> cars are line racing starting train leaving drag the 
watching a . race of the stands crowd spectators in track drag race <unk> from down of two the front the 
two coming cars race the of a backs track speed . from with along them smoke 
rocket <unk> two . racing <unk> a at 
standing beach the another into is as dog on ocean dog runs . the one 
water into , the beach the running two on dogs 
play . shore the dogs two on 
the from run into two dogs the water . beach 
two dogs wet at the sunset into run . surf 
tennis . balls leg his stands direction his dog are big thrown on a as hand 
<unk> of the . tennis brown a balls dog <unk> a in of by front shed white and 
the dogs building balls fly front stands white while in through a a brown and tennis air of . wooden 
tennis him balls dog at several . for jumps a thrown 
dog . amid shower a of stands tennis balls a his hind on legs 
black away indian looks a green blue an woman looks in a whilst at <unk> and a . boy cow 
animal <unk> two behind women outdoors asian a sitting <unk> 
home cow . leashed a two at people a and 
, the ground on colorful near two their women sit clothes in cow 
near . <unk> an sitting , <unk> two women in 
dirt rider hole wearing bmx . a green jumps over a 
bike is a in the ramp man green after on a air jumping in . off green a 
air shirt biker a mountain in the a is in suspended green . 
jump is . a a doing person in trick of a dirt bike midair 
the a on bicycle high in the man trick is a . performing air 
dark her . stripes while girl foreground another a the has shirt girl painted under eyes stands in in a 
and shirt black wears girl in a group standing beads a . pink a 
orange and with cheeks girl her patches black a . on 
girl her of under with in black . eyes photo , walking foreground paint girl 
her dots beads blurred the of front young is on while with in girl is another wearing her face purple . girl two red 
holds trophy the stage a . a man on 
race . driver his a car <unk> trophy 
his up . trophy a holds racer 
his <unk> the trophy racing <unk> . 
crowd his the . waving racer <unk> trophy displaying to and 
field a a onto jacket . in pink person running the is 
spots play . after team a hugs a 
off teammate a another . the of helps field teammate 
crowded <unk> a background a the four with and stadium in man . 
dressed uniforms men . soccer in are 
around shore near dogs the three the are running . 
are on a . the shore sandy lake dogs playing three together of 
play lake a . dogs three by 
dogs . three play the water near 
a pond larger two smaller a . dogs chase dog around 
is boy larger of with who . by a crowd part person surrounded a pigeons a is interacting 
in a crowd pigeons plaza . a scene with 
standing of bunch in talking . birds of family a a the a middle in is plaza 
getting taken boy by yellow surrounded shirt pigeons in picture 
of large with of group flock . people in an open a square pigeons 
playing fountain five asian in a . girls 
fountain are . girls in a five playing water little 
a young pool five in splashing and . wading shallow girls 
in bit the by left around little sprinklers water of girls splash the . little 
time of . pool water children photo playing two of <unk> a in 
a a playing dog with . toy 
brown and <unk> . is white dog a playing 
and a black brown white dog toy playing with a . 
on tugging black is white a dog a rope 
brown on . a a <unk> toy spots with is black white dog chewing 
a riding a is . motorcycle man red racing 
motorcyclist red dressed . a in 
rides a a wearing helmet red uniform a . a motorcycle person and , in motocross , 
sport gear motorcycle and <unk> . a in <unk> is racer riding with a helmet red full 
motorcycle in motorcyclist . racing leaning red into and a a turn 
a surfing guy . 
water the the surfer a , air leaving in . male 
airborne on a an surfboard . man 
<unk> air high in the wakeboarder is a . leaping 
white man jumping a huge on surfboard wave a a over young 
red a a white wearing man shorts ball young a shirt and kicking 
white kicking shirt man in a soccer ball . and red shorts 
ball and soccer kicking . man red shorts in t-shirt 
the white man ball soccer . in shirt rocky the pavement kicked the on the 
ground dusty . young kicks man ball the on a soccer 
pair ball purple playing of a dogs . with a 
. two dogs and a ball 
playing dogs together . ball outside two 
two a with dogs purple . playing ball 
two play dogs with football . purple 
closeup a elderly an . of man 
poses . man a outdoors 
looks a a red at collar beard . gray and with the camera man 
black outside . an a man jacket older wearing standing 
is background in bearded a man blurry for picture the jacket <unk> smiles , 
the in ocean surfing man wetsuit a a in black is . 
surfboard in on a a a man wetsuit . 
a in man . a surfing wetsuit 
a waves the rides on man a surfboard . 
a the . rides surfer wave 
a bike boy a . ride a helping man 
. a helps man ride a boy bike a 
little . to a man <unk> helping a is a how ride bicycle boy 
a bike helps . the man boy the ride 
<unk> . dad boy young bike a with his how the to ride 
the arms outstretched in little background a , girl . a church , with man large his poses a for 
little man <unk> front with a a one foot . a on standing of in girl 
young a pose girl leg playful a . in as a near man looks on on stands <unk> a one 
the in little of pose . man braids a a ' ' back her before a with and girl plane 
near in man is small . light front a posing of post child the a 
! is it just <unk> and man fish a a caught 
fish a man while <unk> a . making a lake face a <unk> beside 
man in a is a fish a . lake <unk> sitting catch front trying of <unk> to 
man fish trying to sits a a on . the of get a hole grass 
sitting in man by . river the jeans fish is with large the 
in . a water swimming his mouth a ball with brown the tennis in dog 
retrieving brown shore ball tennis dog a yellow swims after back a to . 
retrieves <unk> brown a a in ball a tennis lake 
is the brown dog . swimming 
is tennis in brown with swimming mouth outside ball a . its there a dog 
book a boy a . reads 
book young a <unk> reads outside boy a . 
and book wearing young red a a reading a shirt boy 
a a young around others . walk an shirt orange book while reads wearing child 
the a shirt reading in is . boy a standing book whilst the wearing marketplace red 
on child inflatable jumping an . a <unk> is 
. child a house a in plays bounce 
blow-up . child over a pink wearing a jumps plastic coat a toy 
bounces a . girl 
a house bounces in girl a bounce . 
a him behind wave . a man as surfboard comes up rides a 
the in . mountain with surfing man a background a 
riding ocean is day clear in a a the a wave on surfer 
surfer in the the body the a black rides wave off suit <unk> 
a mountain . in background is wave the with the surfer riding a 
is a in shorts red writing . on woman a <unk> 
a down wearing museum woman at red a . something pants and writing a shirt white is 
writing men a by . while standing woman 
the is . taking <unk> lady 
a shirt red a writing with <unk> lady on and pad pants wearing the white is . 
the group court a stand players of . basketball on basketball 
a play . group of basketball men 
near glass basketball wood . clear doors floor boys a play on 
several hoop men . around an indoor basketball 
other orange and basketball , has . young and has one white the indoor uniforms team boys black white playing , 
jersey a is gym black standing . man a in in 
. gym a jersey a in is of the a wearing middle standing man 
man is an sports wearing . black a court on standing indoor 
in a a gymnasium shadow <unk> . person in 
standing middle the . of in shorts shirt in sleeveless and floor man the 
a a gymnasium attempts in basketball a <unk> . player 
a a up guy going a court is basketball for <unk> on . 
gymnasium . inside a darkened a jumps man 
. people gym a five in 
and a hoop the . trying to person the in get into the air ball is 
basketball in . stand men group gymnasium a a with a of 
in group men of in take basketball a <unk> turns a . gym young 
. players a of a doing <unk> line basketball 
boys . on asian basketball court 
men young playing basketball some 
climbing pink girl in purple a and . a is ladder 
a a gloves . in heels fire and rusty on pink skirt <unk> ladder girl , hot poses 
on a in ladder a of <unk> . building a model front 
in ladder 's clothes building a and . makeup rusty colorful girl on poses 
is heels the a rusty posing high on in woman ladder . 
young pair women audience a of give . young a <unk> with <unk> an to a 
a flip some whilst children <unk> . two talking are girls younger to using 
girls presentation two doing a 
. near perform girls as woman watch <unk> two little young <unk> 
. large young women with of a two paper piece 
an high stands . obstacle course platform girl on a 
in a standing on tree a man high up . platform a 
tree standing a platform a attached a . to on person 
a on canopy a walk woman tree 
circular tall woman surrounding on stands ledge a tree . a a 
two <unk> their a 's children <unk> putting picture and into woman . are faces 
. <unk> face with medieval a two at children picture 
heads two board children putting <unk> . photo through 
their in cardboard two . of head scenery stick children <unk> 
two <unk> <unk> their the in a putting of and heads <unk> young kids 
. stick from a a is lake a fetching dog 
stick its a with a swimming mouth dog in . 
a river his swimming a a dog stick with grey through in mouth 
carries while dog . mouth in water in stick 
carrying swimming through its in mouth dog water stick 
his boy . handrail the stairway grinds of with a skateboard a down 
skating . a rail a some lone stairs down near skateboarder 
. a handrail slides down skateboarder a 
rail stair down sliding skateboarder a a . 
a young a . on cement cement skateboard trick <unk> doing a over person stairs 
together a ball playing . group of are men 
play rugby men group of . a 
with match . in watching is referee the shown a rugby progress 
seven action are . in men playing rugby 
team has ready the . red , the the while gets tackle green to team ball 
the begins back a to man a boy . bike as ride holds it of a 
man holds a while the a boy . bike riding onto bicycle a 
boy teaches how a to smaller ride a a wearing boy a . bike helmet 
running man young boy a a bicycle young red . a alongside on 
while bike runs . riding boy older boy alongside 
whilst is other wet being though mud watch two <unk> . people cows by an african man 
man a them pulling spray while bulls . two droplets muddy behind mud 
through a two and . <unk> are pulling splashing mud dirt person 
<unk> pulling muddy . the two through water man a 
lake in <unk> them behind running man <unk> the covered through two . mud 
, . person rides a be what a on appears shore to onto waves surfboard the 
the of a in surfer to the . wave base the is the close distance shore at 
along mountains beach an wave surfer incoming a caught in . a nearby dirty is 
beach rides crashes a the wave it . surfer as a on 
high wave takes rocky surfer . beach on beyond a a a 
tackle for white football player a player in a football grabs blue . in a 
rival a by being player is . football team tackled the 
the the as player player football . a with is watches the tackling crowd football 
uniform the back the left the right the on one white <unk> a a fans in . a the blue on with in on in football one the one players 
one football . holding are team the with player the opposite ball from the back two 
a man a . on the dark blue guitar street plays skinned 
playing his by a the street street on . lights man , surrounded guitar and buildings 
empty an on guitar a . blue plays man street urban a the 
guitar streets playing . the while man walking the a 
his on streets the . plays guitar the man <unk> 
white is carpet a a on doll with blue black . dog playing a 
playing a a dog purple . black toy with 
a watching with a dog toy cat a . 
a stuffed plays with animal a . dog 
. cat near a purple a dog plays with toy the 
lined . street <unk> the on of a group up is 
a of a road <unk> . rollerblading on group 
<unk> <unk> down of line <unk> a 
rollerblading the many . people street are down 
a formation . down roll <unk> hill in 
on racing a are . track men two at motorcycles 
a two on track race motorcycles . 
race bike turn red outfit making . other in motorcyclists one a a , in a , are with themed the and two black 
are racing . motorcyclists around two track circular a 
motorcyclists they lay to . over two as curve the sharp side a make 
is black . the dog a fence playing inside 
the another through at dog a fence dog black . looks 
a plays field dry with black in another poodle a . dog 
dry and poodle on playing something black in dog . its another with some mouth are a grass 
. a two yellow ball the in with grass play dogs 
. people are a posing seven a watery that structure over extends and over area ocean 
. people jumping clear blue water into the seven 
into people jumping . water seven 
into water people seven the jump . 
people water blue seven over . walk into a the leaping air over 
on person rollerblading . a sidewalk by a a is with people railing 
a aerial an a in on trick . person glasses the is with performing post city 
. street skateboarder a a city on 
a skating rollerblader handrail in red is shirt . on 
the . while railing on a people by watch passing trick the skateboarder does other 
motorcycle on red motorcyclist a <unk> a riding a racetrack 
a . a man racing leaning is motorcycle on 
view of a motorcycle an racing . overhead 
gear in a matching protective riding motorbike a . person 
<unk> black and rides red number motorcycle bike . his racer 
a children in and black five mother rural a area 
the in a family desert . 
african houses makeshift . in some an front of standing are family 
. a village in small standing family 
a baby woman a with and jacket . and a and man three children in a shirt in gold holding white 
child ball . field a an a across kicking coat brown a is open soccer in 
ball coat a grey a child kicking in soccer a . 
kicks child soccer ball . a a 
in soccer field . a child playing ball with 
the brown a wearing young boy coat playing is . soccer 
over brown dog jumps a a wire . fence 
. fence a in wire a over a <unk> jumps dog dry 
. the a dog over jumps fence 
<unk> a the . jumps small tan dog over wire fence 
wire brown jumping . the dog is a white over and high fence 
forest <unk> up points something a guide to . of group a 
people of the about woods <unk> all of in a group with binoculars <unk> 
<unk> an older lead an guide a of with <unk> being on . people outdoor group are 
a at pointing . and off-camera of group people looking something 
at group point something with and binoculars a . of and look cameras people 
stairs down . dog jumping a the is 
a a down stairs dog flight . of jumps 
of off a a jumps . of stairs shepherd set german 
dog down a woman stairs watches jump . the a 
the shepherd . the german leaps off stairs 
on bicycle in horizontal crowd with man background a a jumping over a the a . pole 
a air on a bike man the . in 
obstacle on crowd man an the is background with jumping . a in a bike 
helmet a people him while is background in man the bicycle a in . watch on air wearing a the 
over while rail boy watches jumping on crowd bicycle 
a a snow mountain . very person down skiing large covered 
a down snow huge is slope covered . going skier a 
skiing mountain a a down skier large 
down steep mountain , the skiing clouds man with snowy background is . in the the white 
is . large a going down the skier mountain 
a is rock she <unk> helmeted huge woman a wearing as wall white looking up a 
. mountain a water over a climbing steep woman up is 
. climbing mountain people 
rock <unk> a obstacle . up steep people 
these are rock helmeted people . outdoors climbing 
a range man a . a firing at is handgun shooting 
ear shooting white man a . a is at <unk> target wearing defenders a 
a a range firing man a in gun is with ear <unk> shooting . yellow 
headphones shoots a at . person a a target wearing yellow gun 
shooting indoor . gun a a someone <unk> at range 
. a is dog against a dog colored white leaning golden 
dog with appears is be the to a brown and white and dog the leash . brown on playing colored 
each <unk> standing are dogs other around . their with heads two the 
groom each two other . dogs 
get leashes . on together dogs two close 
his a off blue watch jumps . his some boy steps skateboard while in friends 
others jumps a skateboard him two watch blue while boy in a on 
a skate a of at park are skaters . group 
other man a trick two performing in watch a men . <unk> is near blue shirt a while skateboarding 
are park . three in a skateboarders 
rider . a green jersey road in races along a bike 
. the back for a at camera photo looks biker a 
in jersey cyclist yellow and a . a helmet 
man safety riding . vest highway a bicycle the a in a on 
a . shirt riding fast very blue a bicycle in man a yellow moving 
a called sleeved lounge white is past something walking . the a in long bar shirt man 
in on and man . a <unk> black sidewalk white is walking the shirt a pants 
sidewalk bar lounge man . a " down sign a under is a walking " 
a next a to man walks on fancy sidewalk an bar abandoned . 
black a walking and is of white man a . jacket wearing front pants building white the in 
. stunt doing a a run a jumping in street bicycle a on down is boy 
in the on is . a boy air bike his 
by a his <unk> . building bicycle boy a trick performs <unk> a on 
young of front on pulling tricks his a <unk> is bike in a man . 
into does jumps . boy the air a bike the his 
a a . men hockey of stadium play group in 
play player hockey <unk> his sits watching ice on bench while . the a 
up fight during a a hockey a referee . game breaking 
a hockey <unk> . a in game referee is 
and a the referee hockey four players . on ice 
a wears over a in man . face bandanna crowd and red a his red a hat 
with and hat red their person dreadlocks covered with a bandanna red a by face a 
wearing similar red a clothes a hat woman stands . scarf wearing and among others 
woman man and in bandanna . a hat red by a red a a followed wearing red bandanna 
the a bandanna lady to wearing around face from her dust . <unk> her is 
her girl a painted . smiles star face on with a 
a a . red paint hat face lady <unk> in with 
red woman woman hat . and another a smiles face a paint at wearing 
a woman . with smiling face painted a 
drinking woman and a is a beer has face her . star red painted with the 
a african in . and an american <unk> sunglasses smiles white 
man . a sunglasses black is in <unk> young smiling 
wearing dark man sunglasses a smiling young 
black sunglasses man , in . t-shirt smiling bald a and 
. is wearing smiling man t-shirt dark a sunglasses and black the white 
hang around car young their . boys out some 
in a men parked white three <unk> of standing front 
in of three standing boys white teenage front car a 
white <unk> men young . a lean black jeep three 
the truck three front young on of lean <unk> men a . 
terrier into . stream jumps jack a <unk> a 
dog . a is into white river a running 
a into white dog runs . a lake 
a red its water of left brown jumping is white the dog face a with tag side into wearing on the . 
water white . bank brown the jumps into from <unk> dog the with a 
climbing baby little ladder up someone a . after the 
. girl climbing a ladder little a is 
a a a with . baby underneath person ladder on 
young a climb person begins the as a stands at to top a of . ladder girl 
person at the stands a on small of ladder climbs child bottom and ladder . the a a 
a at british standing . parade police 
police gather . 
at in jackets protest police a yellow 
against guard <unk> neon . police crowd the the in jackets large the 
crowd police the bright the . watch jackets officers in yellow 
cannon men a the on a of . group are <unk> <unk> 
men a loading cannon . group of 
several metal men cannon loading a 
work a people . several on machine 
. men try some what looks to cannon like <unk> a 
a park seated fly and . <unk> child woman air through on the ride amusement , an 
is ride a amusement . on park young a girl an at 
girl ride little . carnival smiling a on 
ride girl a . a carnival is there riding little 
the swing the girl carnival at enjoys the . young 
chases water in dog ball . 
surf red ball two dogs in one . playing grabbing a sand , black off the 
. a on dogs ball two black shore race the for 
on red with . beach ball a two while waves a roll playing in dogs 
play red dogs surf a has the in . ball one two and 
. two in a enclosure shower colourful girls inside clothes 
two shorts stall . in girls standing a inside shower are 
their shower in on the clothes . with play girls two 
. stall stand girls a in two shower 
two shower shorts a wearing in . and girls stall <unk> standing colorful shirts 
swimming is into . black a dog a leaping pool 
dog jumps a swimming a into pool . black 
watches side . a jumps someone dog pool while into the from a 
in pool . black dog jumps 
there jumping pool a into black a dog swimming . is 
racer over dirt a a bike jumps . slope 
a helmet dirt and in bike is a grey man a yellow suit . jumping 
jumps dirt a bike a he a man on as <unk> <unk> . slightly 
bike over dirt hill a . a a rides man 
is a circuit slightly motocross a airborne rider on motorcycle 
smoking . sunglasses is wearing a guy 
people a standing a smoking cigarette of is crowd while . man a amidst 
young standing a black a . jacket is with his mouth a cigarette and wearing pink man shirt in 
, man a city lights sunglasses cigarette <unk> . in street a young on a 
the street young scruffy busy man a a on cigarette . smokes 
water swings . girl vine a a over on 
so vine onto <unk> tries so she . water a the a holding fall girl into 
a a creek pink . <unk> over swings girl 
a over rope is on a swinging the girl . small pond 
water a above while woman . holding swinging vine 
looks a right to camera holds a and mini lady . her 
curly camera with a a lady crowd stands with hair brown . in a 
. a camera woman holding a 
stands . a woman a in crowd holding a camera 
camera is the a crowded a in woman area side to the looking with 
. soccer ball goalie a during two a boys while a after go game waits 
game a run . two boys soccer ball a after during 
opposing soccer toward . run ball a <unk> a players two block while prepares the 
the ball players two soccer for . run 
to race goal soccer young . players the two 
a the a buried clothing . snow in tire dressed over winter airborne deep becomes in man heavy 
man large buried a . is tire snow a deep snowboarding in over the 
in jumping over . snow the tire a a person 
young a large man in tire a over jumpsuit a beige boarding 
<unk> in this snow a bundled up tire . person jumping is over warm clothing and in 
man horse jacket a in brown a <unk> leading black . is a 
horse a man large . a walking black 
man horse black leading in brown jacket 
show observes a . horse leads as black crowd man 
<unk> with is a the man walking horse 
wearing dirt a biker . yellow a suit a jump taking is large 
bike man . performs a yellow trick in a 
the a dirt jumping track through bike a is motocross . over air 
wearing . person a on a a jump bike yellow dirt taking is 
midair motorcycle racer yellow . is in uniform a in the 
a sidewalk man down . the walking is alone homeless 
. carries man tree while and <unk> a clothes <unk> worn a trashcan and a in <unk> 
by walks homeless the park . one old guy 
yellow the hat has long old a . white and black and beard a man 
is with beard the man old street . down the white the walking 
autumn into of <unk> a boy a a skateboard pile . leaves 
into the a his brown young boy road a off in . pile skateboard falls of leaves 
a . young in of a on a pile smile with face skateboarder his leaves 
in to . little a boy pile laying skateboard leaves of a next 
a into of rolling leaves boy shirt in pile young on cart green a . 
tries <unk> player in to with sunglasses . player a a avoid softball another 
the female baseball for players two . ball reach 
catch ball players two a to softball trying 
playing softball with , . on two women one sunglasses 
softball uniforms . in playing women 
. running an her lady through course agility a is dog 
a grey over is hurdle white a . jumping dog large 
and a dog course agility an woman through work . a 
around jumping course grey a woman a railing a a dog with running 
runs trainer with her dog through training pipe course green 
newspapers standing crowd while holding of and in . front a building a holding is flags 
<unk> a adults town in children . and 
a in of and <unk> of building red people . holding flags group a front large 
holding papers and group of . flags stand together people a 
<unk> . a <unk> people 
hair of girls covering posing outside young a group her together building . of a 
a three of are there front with walking building down in background . a in scarves head girls the worn and family 
surface standing three objects head carrying with while <unk> on girls . <unk> 
street walking . a through are in town three women the rural <unk> 
two one <unk> with , , holding smiling <unk> not women . three 
is boxer his making gloves . <unk> practicing of hits a the <unk> by 
a boxing man practices 
boxing practicing man a 
blue is punches with . gloves man boxing a throwing 
older an trains man in gloves boxing . 
and dog . black and dog a running a white brown and playing 
over white a chasing lawn black a dog brown and . quickly very dog a 
chasing brown grass a dog and across white the dog is black a . 
play in park dogs the . two 
a run in two . field dogs 
a building shooting group . a men in one with hats inside picture white of an hard industrial 
people something look hats stand . a picture a while one takes at of group and in hard 
one and a <unk> women ; men takes in picture 
are hats . while people standing , around pictures hard taking are some in 
pictures . take something in hard of people hats 
mouth pulling dog its with object black a . a purple on 
black on a dog . something pulls 
purple bites a . fabric dog 
. a purple playing a toy with dog 
mouth the with dog pulling on purple black its is . something 
past a wooden jockey blue fence . in on a horse a a <unk> track dirt <unk> 
a at a horse rides <unk> jockey galloping a in blue . 
jockey down a dirt a . horse a track racing 
a jockey horse is brown wearing a . riding <unk> blue in a dark jacket a 
. a a a horse blue path man brown along rides gravel wearing 
<unk> a women <unk> . of crowd in 
scarves on next group their crowd woman of wearing building to a heads together . a 
people . market with is street a indian filled a in 
crowded on their heads . together individuals coverings with many 
are opening huge the crowds <unk> <unk> the . the as 
crowd a . <unk> of stand 
crowd wearing sunglasses a white woman of in a people surrounding . 
. <unk> woman headscarf in a of men a group a 
group . very crowded large outside people of a together standing 
street . people in have gathered the many 
little pink . yellow in in hallway a girl a stands 
. alone a girl a in hallway young standing 
. through girl young door pink shirt a a walks open an wearing 
doorway the between pink is <unk> standing the . in in the the on walls little girl 
young . in <unk> room girl the <unk> the 
are while . carpeted woman staircase posing sitting a on girl a and 
a smiling toddler in smiling dress yellow . a a holds woman 
and . happily woman girl a young are together a sitting 
. a and small around girl they her woman a are has arm smiling 
woman young for girl . and a camera the smile a 
photograph . <unk> a in <unk> in slides game player baseball baseball home a professional an 
is sliding is a catcher into plate and child . waiting the home 
into is the it sliding catcher with plate player guarding a . home 
<unk> plate is while into game . a in the sliding runner softball a home the covers 
block while slides into catcher a to . the home tries woman 
. to in a in player white baseball for brown is ball swings <unk> the as the player waiting 
<unk> baseball player . a 
as onlookers a at the watch ball player swings . baseball 
batter ball swings a a at . 
a a girl bat softball game at in 
two dog black over poles purple <unk> and white and brown a jumping 
the over hurdle dog grass in . a a jumps 
an obstacle dog . over jumps a 
over <unk> jumping . and dog hurdle with brown black white 
outdoor during performing an show . dog dog 
attempts to runs the baseball towards a catch another base a ball while . player 
reaches while the batter the ball . catches baseball player the a base 
a the . to tries a base game catch baseman tries a in make ball runner while to a community 
ball crouches an to <unk> runs an . in to team a baseball member opposing game while catch a <unk> 
baseball are playing two children 
field making large a of is <unk> a . a the sign player play nearby and baseball 
a . girl a baseball catches 
air in a raises . <unk> girl a softball uniform in mitt the her 
. catch ball playing woman to , a running the softball 
field a woman catching is a with a softball softball hair long in . 
and a walking girl track boy hold a railroad hands down 
hold and a walk . on girl tracks boy they as hands railroad 
a a a the walk down a hand girl . in in blue little track striped train dress hand shirt in and boy 
train hands . tracks girl little and and walking holding male on , older 
along track the blue little man girl in walking a with dress a <unk> the . is 
. grass running brown on in dog a 
grass the brown a . through running is dog <unk> 
grass dog is walking on a brown . the 
a paws green trotting of a grass through is field dog with brown white . 
. the dog <unk> grass a on brown walking 
baseball black a in a <unk> a a white shirt shirt player player in just . 
with mitt in a baseball a woman tags . another uniform her 
. <unk> ten team softball the on the player gets a at on other team by base girl white number the 
two softball girls participate . a in game 
softball in playing game two . a of girls 
catches dog ball the grey beach tennis black a at a and 
on the ball tennis yellow a beach . dog a catching is 
ball ocean tennis an jumping a near for dog a 
a to in the a catch . surf jumps ball dog 
beach to on stands ball spotted catch dog . on a the a hind legs his 
dog brown a grass on ball a the is chasing 
across ball , chases trailing , a . dog a area tennis leash a grassy a 
tennis leash ball a still over a attached grass the . toward a with red chases dog 
. german a is tennis running toward dog ball shepherd a 
a large tennis . ball a after field brown runs dog in a 
pushing the swing . is mom her a kids two on 
a swings at mother park pushes two children . on a 
a . pushes swing woman another swinging child while child a a looks on on 
pushing two woman . children a on swings 
them two woman swings on a children with pushing 
the air dirt a . in bike rider jumps 
over performs bike stunt dirt the a . man sand a 
red motocross through tape between two is a lines . of bike the air jumping 
making dirt a is in a a track jump on person bike midair on . a dirt 
jumps on the his high . in motocross air rider the bike 
an orange the coming ball . black white a out water and of carrying dog 
out comes water a ball with of mouth in . his dog a the 
orange ball water a . an in the dog fetching 
mouth a swimming in an orange ball . dog its with 
is mouth in ball through a its red water the . running with dog black the 
dog a . lake in a 
dog running water the into a . 
. water the runs dog through a 
a the dog swims in lake . 
. dog jumps a water natural into white 
in falling a a surfs of <unk> by the person . <unk> water wave the , 
wave a through it crashes as . down a surfs person 
surfer . a is riding of the wave in a barrel 
someone . surfing white wave is a underneath on surfboard a 
a down surfer wave . crashing large is the over 
the hitting baseball a ball player 
a ball a with girl a in bat hitting uniform a 
ball the white hits and softball a in player yellow . swings red and 
pitch softball a at a swinging . player 
to hit dressed uniform a a . teenager a during baseball attempting game in a baseball 
baseball a pants and player in bat three yellow . swinging the people shirt ball is towards white on look whilst a a red 
look an members <unk> player while bat from <unk> on . baseball a opposing action team a 
red a . and is swinging white a uniform girl bat in a 
game . during a a girl swings bat softball a 
while woman look . a other swings at playing players field on a a on softball 
ground kicking player another soccer on ball . a toward soaked the the player with 
rugby . two collide men playing 
field wet men on soccer a playing two 
ball on soccer men the ground one holding . playing two , the 
on and the field are ground two one a wet players . is on 
teens gather in <unk> a in attire group . of 
a man at suit looks dress a in in woman a . a 
dress a black a in black woman looking . man at suit a in 
in fellow a formal black <unk> <unk> <unk> has . at the in a the suit <unk> his 
dressed women . by surrounded man in dresses well 
bed a man while woman legs <unk> sitting of a laughing of on on . lying leans the a 
and on rocky . barefoot man a a down terrain woman lay 
on the hair messy to boy her . with a laying her , on has next stones head laying girl 
the lying in rocks are gray . people two 
on and man <unk> foreground young . , in out stones woman stretch 
. competition in and rider jump its a 3 <unk> black horse clearing high a a are 
leap rider striped horse a hurdle a and . over 
it obstacle horse person a a jumps is as over . riding an 
jumping horse a person over a a fence . 
and horse jumping a a outdoors rider fence . 
sand into the jumping female . athlete a is 
in a the with . is long the arms performing air jump girl 
competing . in a competition a woman long jump 
the a woman watch while . distance people long is jumping 
, in woman jump the long in competing photographed . midair 
to racing the is up biker with runners a keep 
a down biker street . rides the 
several pedestrians a bicycle . man rides a on past red 
orange . on something man setting a with busy in a helmet bike riding his a 
man on people other rides walk . bicycle as 
. runner a a catch a first makes comes baseman up as 
comes catch runner the to a a . person close leans a baseball base to forward while 
her a to softball girl glove . girl playing runs second one base girls out as reaches and 
. as play softball parents in girls watch game a 
. two softball girls playing are 
pitches softball player female . ball the a 
ready baseball to ball a uniform throw girl a . in game a at getting the 
one number wearing ball <unk> softball a the about the to is girl . throw uniform 
softball pitching pitcher 
girl a at and a game pitching softball in . red jersey a the is 
practices another batter behind her while player female ball . yellow misses a a 
first a towards player female the is running hit and ball softball . base 
uniform wearing female swinging bat a . baseball a a 
in swings at a a and girl white . brown uniform softball a 
waiting another swing a a a . a with the ball is at is woman woman in bat baseball , yellow strip taking whilst a <unk> on brown 
a hits ball boy . baseball a game the at 
. player pitch softball a as swings watches team at a she 's 
a batter baseball hits 
and brown one bat the in of of members white a team at . is baseball 
a swinging player pitch at softball 
. bubbles heavily blowing is girl a 
little her a . blows a closes wand through bubble and girl eyes 
dark girl blowing a with little hair . bubbles 
a bubble . blows stick orange girl small on an 
with blowing is bubble bubbles young girl a orange an . wand 
around stand of dressed . up <unk> talking people a 
dress in <unk> girl on . attire other <unk> a a in formal looks as white 
of <unk> in and teenagers wear group each other formal at . a look 
. event crowd formal at of people a 
group formal . clothes a teenagers stand wearing in outside 
steps doing a on . man is trick a public 
unicycle man stairs of . set down a riding a a 
stairs walking man . a down 
stairs goes down a skateboarder some . 
man unicycle is going stairs . down on the a 
a something steps . riding guy down 
. outdoor stairway a long skates man a down 
unicycle ride man with . stairway a an young to <unk> <unk> down outdoor attempts a 
the is the bike steps . down man the tiny <unk> 
walk riding stone is unicycle one down . , a stairway two a men 
a man and away an market a woman outdoor walking . from 
through many rural . area shopping are walking a people 
in . walking market men middle a eastern 
alleyway parked several motorized a near move . scooter a long through people 
on under a two . people street city an walk arch 
corner in couple a of stares on <unk> set a a 
are people doorway . <unk> a they two in jeans and wearing both 
hiding people a in their faces doorway two . 
<unk> stoop a two huddle people together door . on 
faces camera jeans the . from people wearing huddle wooden near a two door , <unk> their 
outside petting dog a a woman is . 
is a dog path stone . petting her near woman a 
with woman garden a a playing path dog . brown a on 
. with woman a brown a plays dog 
a with plays woman . her dog outside 
. in is running a field a dog brown 
through light . brown is tall running grass dog a 
grass across runs . dog orange 
. dog grass the is running the on brown 
dog brown . through skinny the tall the is green running grass 
a cricket . up bowler winds 
. a getting a man to throw reading ball 
game ball in in . suit athletic white a is a a a cricket throwing man 
. standing <unk> man something to a of front in across field prepares throw a two 
man winds . white up to a wearing throw 
on beach girls for three <unk> posing the sitting are the the sand at . camera 
sand . ladies play three the in 
three in people on . a sitting beach the sand 
smiling young the beach on woman three 
on <unk> . two young wearing , beach at <unk> camera women three 
sleeping white to a big is black and small next . a , cat brown dog 
cat a <unk> to a dog up . sleeps 
a are during <unk> and nap dog . up a cat 
a . and cat down laying together dog 
small cat laying with dog large a a 
blue a toy and mouth yellow open to waiting a catch its brown . dog has 
to a mouth air a open in wide has his the dog . ready catch , toy 
blue and mouth its to catch a opens . a yellow dog toy 
catch . a dog in , yellow a mouth collar in field a a to yellow blue toy with its and is and trying brown 
toy open the with a dog air and mouth by in close 
board spring . boy yellow a off a jumping 
. a jumps into a of off a pool boy structure 
a a jumps . child slide off 
swing jumps set a . swimming child into a off pool a 
in a from jumps youth trunks wooden . red swim board the water into a 
. a grass the chases toy on dog a dog 
toy is blue a the and . at yellow looking a golden grass dog on 
yellow <unk> large a blue with dog a chases . black blonde and collar a toy 
chew on the large . dog a toy playing grass with brown 
. is that small in the runs laying dog toward the toy the tan grass 
a . people group sand of in jump the beach at the 
jumping air of beach . on the teenagers group a in are the 
of the beach up young people jump in . group a air on while the 
people the air a . of sandy posing group beach in young a on 
shore along the the seven in . , are jumping air people 
. haired violin plays a woman the curly 
woman a violin haired . <unk> holding is red a and 
by is <unk> playing surrounded walls violin woman while a a pictures and . 
the the . playing background a violin in posters with woman 
woman is . violin a the holding 
haired with smiling blonde her lady a . is son 
a woman and . a boy young 
woman child a laugh and . 
and . picture smile woman a for child a 
son the for and camera mother <unk> 
dressed man on a <unk> military maneuver performing man uniformed a . a <unk> 
another <unk> one flips . down one 
combat on man military another a <unk> <unk> move . outside one a gated 
a shaved another the onto ground throws one soldier soldier . head with 
. two maneuver a <unk> practicing " military " men 
front and mural a girl in posing of a black a dress red . is in 
a front in of mural jumping <unk> girl a . 
a next jumps to in the . girl mural a little air <unk> 
in midair red girl a a dress in young 
on <unk> in skirt of painting in jumps front sidewalk red girl 
down a street walking couple . the 
man a and bags courtyard woman on a <unk> across in with black a walk their shoulders . 
man trees woman and <unk> by large walk surrounded . a 
down young and . walking both couple a wooden shirts jeans blue pier white a wearing 
carrying walk . two bags people together 
man a woman and outside wooden . sitting a are building a bench on a 
wooden conversing . a structure people near while a are two sitting tree on 
brick two wall and a talk people . on sit 
on people . a bench two sit park 
people a to on other sit and two wooden face each . talk bench 
<unk> a the have dog where race . all 5 dogs 
a large dogs fenced . run while through wearing muzzles five area grass 
dogs balls and . large play blue red tails on with with grassy a field five long together 
are running in five greyhounds grassy muzzled . field a 
in a . greyhound pack muzzled dogs running 
a a to baby next . boy and standing and are guitar little girl a drum 
. boy a a laughing girl on a and are drum young big playing 
drum kids two a are <unk> little . <unk> on 
. hair one two is , blonde drum children a small playing smiling are with 
young drum are . children two with playing a 
catches on a surfboard guy a wave his 
surfing a large wave the a is in . ocean man 
. surfer catches a wave <unk> a 
a rides tunnel surfer in a . wave 
in visible surfer crashing . partially , background through shore wave 
a plane . a air the helicopter small are in and 
that a is flying <unk> plane helicopter . behind a performing is 
. a sky the plane helicopter sitting <unk> houses in seen and . a people and 
flying a sideways plane . 
crowd sky in helicopter . and airplane the watching 
biker performs . the in trick air a a 
bike the child . air a rides high a in 
. air through the on a flying a bicycle person 
bike person a a riding . jumping is while 
<unk> flies the person on . a through bike with bike air through a sun the frame the 
petting a . a dog child 
fluffy , girl white a cat little is petting . her 
hold in a girl . animal smiling orange a furry 
an small girl animal petting . 
young ponytail in pets cat girl furry 
ball is a black on approaching jersey red a and a a soccer in man field 
a uniform a man soccer ball . on a soccer kick field to about a , in , 
kick uniform with and a ball striped soccer to player red ready gets black the soccer 
field on <unk> player playing a soccer <unk> 
on player a soccer field grass is the kicking ball the . 
dog dog and grey brown play . a in grass a the 
a the at dog . barks grey dog grass a in brown 
tan grey dog grassy a a field and . playing a dog on 
one on grey grass play two brown dogs outdoors , , one and . light the 
two grass dogs . playing on 
are area map couple . an at a looking 
and woman standing . art man looking gallery , of an a are front in a map at 
tourists a . sign examine 
two people a of museum . are in reading sign a front 
read two of museum a front . sign people in a 
huge man . a outside holding camera standing of a building digital a 
a . camera in a shirt holding man blue a 
a in t-shirt man a a holds camera , blue 
wearing man a blue . holds camera a 
is man boy wearing a . near shirt blue the to a holding camera in backpack a a 
big and on blue red white wearing with a a , formation field people 
people field . a on in many formation 
on a . in <unk> formation field marching 
in in different crowd . lines many field the the open <unk> 
. on make group <unk> the of lines people the single field 
. man behind sits two <unk> a cardboard 
a in sitting chair . man blue metal a 
board a next a to on sitting on . man chair , a the street 
chair blue near paintings outside man in large is sitting a . 
next pieces sitting in two of blue man wood chair is 
while a dog walking water in a carrying stick 
dog in through stick . walking a a his mouth with water 
dog a stick in out a mouth water of with his large coming brown . 
in a a dog stick . its wet carrying mouth 
in retrieving dog stick water 
some boy and steps skateboard white is down riding green shirt a . helmet a a in 
is and a a helmet child gloves on a in airborne skateboard 
is . doing a boy skateboard tricks on little in a helmet a 
is skateboard jump a on a <unk> young a . boy 
the does boy skateboard trick . a 
black dog on a of in running , a the field path a midst 
. black runs road the dog across dirt a 
a road dog along a . brown running dirt 
down . road runs dirt dog a a 
black bandanna dog a runs . a road in dirt down 
chase after two hockey hockey . is net other covering while his goalie players the puck a 
of players a hockey a goal . group around 
play . hockey men 
the . the move puck towards quickly hockey players 
players a hockey <unk> in game are three . 
jumping a above on the skateboard high their person . street 
through skateboarder the a air . flies 
in <unk> man a is . young doing caught an skateboard trick urban midair while in a 
his is skateboard . air legs between his and skateboarder jumping in 
. away a the the is he from skateboard attempt skateboarder jump as falling 
. dog playing with a bubbles brown 
brown lawn a float bubbles as . across by a dog walking 
grass on while dark looking brown at green is bubbles walking dog . a 
the grass bubbles on . catching dog 
popping chasing and bubbles brown . the is dog 
front . to man wearing in bottle large security poster of pants a officers holding a tan a talking 
he as a talks to a . holds guards two man drink 
of to uniforms . soda in two bottle talking a men man a black holding 
two to bottle a who policemen are is holding man talking a . 
. two male <unk> <unk> another to officers uniformed speaking 
. people tv they blond watch for a woman wine while pours 
flat in screen group a of a around tv . a sit friends table of front 
wine tv . watches pours woman a and 
drinking wine a are several people . sitting at table 
some men drink wine women television watching while . and 
bat his baseball a for holds game player the ready . gets and 
is play to a baseball ready getting . boy 
. boy plays baseball a 
blue a baseball in a and one a foot standing uniform white holding . on while bat is person 
player bat a holding . baseball 
in . sidewalk yellow is a standing a on coat woman a 
woman brown in on . a a a hat path jacket lake stands by and a yellow 
the , yellow woman brown and sunglasses a shoes , wearing a . stand white coat on hat , jeans sidewalk trench a 
woman under sculpture waits a in . a park young a 
with distance woman the park with . in at sculpture hat staring 
jogs his tennis ball in a dog is running while along mouth dog with another white one 
grass two ball the with in tall dogs one are . , , through a mouth running its tennis 
one . , a holding two ball dogs 
with . a two ball playing dogs 
dogs white two ball through mouth carrying . with walking the one yellow in grass a 
short through a <unk> grass . leaps 
runs grass dog front a owners of through the brown dog . another small and in their 
. high , but dog not a small leaping very 
. grass small in running dog a 
brown the another the dog . runs grass past on dog little 
with low bird flies a spread . wings its 
up the . <unk> wings during an <unk> and has its day 
is . flight an in <unk> 
in flying <unk> . outside a is the <unk> pale 
has flies its spread wings bird it the as . 
young standing a outside road children dirt on . two 
. girls a in road dirt stand two <unk> on smiling 
laughing smiling two . , and dark young are skinned girls 
two . smiling at girls young the are camera 
and the road . girls two stand the at dirt camera young smile in 
playing dogs of a group 
in field dogs four a . run 
two two four brown in the and playing . grass dogs white 
through running four flowers a dogs yellow the field background small green in with 
white the grass dogs brown two running through . dogs and two 
and smile a pose and for photo a woman girl . young a 
woman in for camera girl flowers of . front a the and young , smiling some a 
in garden a woman and a pose . girl together 
front with girl her on small a of a a lap in poses bush flower woman . 
next short hair flowers sitting is some with girl brown with red with hair little a outside a . to woman brown 
woman a . to also of man a taking a man standing in taking photo next who tall is another a front photo and 
are pictures three people outdoors taking . 
it holding people cameras on with standing are dirt trail side grass a on of three . the 
with their taking cameras people pictures three 
is two holding are people . while camera pictures a a third taking 
a on man dog sign . holding with leash a a a 
<unk> on , white leash jacket man a . dog a holds in a a <unk> brick a in by a sign plaza 
while street on man a small the sign holding . tan a lease a dog on holding a 
a stands man outside dog , . a a holding bricks sign with , on 
brick a the a . holding stands square dog a with about of a man sign <unk> red in leash 
carrying . bucket black in mouth its a red a is dog 
red dog runs a a with bucket black . 
dog in bucket small red mouth white his black a and carrying a 
white . running and bucket dog carrying black mouth red in 
white is and mouth red . in its dog with a pail the black running 
woman holding sitting . boys young photograph posing , man bench and park a for on two a are a a 
woman a man bench . background with a , the two young sitting boys and in flowers are on , 
man . boys a bench woman sitting is there two a and , on 
. and bench adults park children on pose two two a 
adults on . two sit two children and bench a park 
while leg on does an trick doing his a . wheelie bike open male a 
doing while man a <unk> wheelie legs a is . his motorcycle stretching a on 
is jacked white . on motorcycle on red , and man , black a a with riding a 
. up man puts legs riding while air bike in 
bike while a person riding a doing 
in in . by surrounded a lake tutu a <unk> a man snow 
people watch time the a winter waterskiing man during as 
waterskier through . a the moves water 
a figure is on dressed in . tutu black <unk> 
background black in with in shirt head black and people over waterskiing . person hands and the tutu 
over biker dirt trick a a a midair bmx . in performing course 
is sand a jumping above a some boy . on <unk> bike 
a river on a . bumpy <unk> near course a bike racing in boy his shows of 
river a air person in bike . the a near a on is 
over hill a on . person a bicycle jumping a 
sitting around a . of a people desk group 
front three around standing a is man table people sitting . in of a 
in modern room four . a are around meeting decorated people table 
four around a gathered table people 
front wall people of a man standing a three in on orange who in front with art sit pictures . of it is 
tennis shirt the to court on , pants about black pink in a hot a and , hit ball girl . is a 
pink pants girl a . flops in tennis and flip playing 
tennis hit with air the to a racket the ball girl a . a in tennis court on trying 
and tennis girl wearing a a on tennis court shirt . a pants playing black pink 
a tights flops and . a pink flip tennis a wearing is racket girl tennis swinging at ball 
a a . skateboard a is slope on boy riding on 
boy . a on ramp a skateboard 
skateboards on a . a ramp boy 
a shirt ramp wearing a rides red up skateboard a boy a 
young boy skateboarding a 
a airborne a is green . bike on motorcyclist 
. person a air is in a on bike dirt the 
through . motorbike a the air rides a person 
person a bike dirt riding a . 
mid-flight <unk> beneath grey jumper a sky in . 
ledge up a a . riding man wood on jumps a skateboard 
moves a . a on doing bench skateboarder 
building doing trick . wooden beside white is a step a on a skateboarder a 
. <unk> a does bench on skateboarder a 
bench . a a sliding of wooden the along edge skateboarder 
while a protective wearing is trick a bicyclist . gear <unk> attempting 
a boy attempting . bike a on jump his 
a bike riding park a a his . is over at ramp boy 
closeup riding a a of a man . bicycle 
helmet man doing is a a stunts bike in . a on 
race running road a down in rural . <unk> a 
of on in front road a runners mountain . ridge a marathon 
people road running two lane down . a 
run down the in with road . runners the mountains background 
people several . background down mountains with the run a highway in 
off . little as down a dog drinks big gets a deck a dog 
brown jumps water bowl a next while down drinking a black to dog from dog is him a . 
a larger a . of is jumps eating off the little dog where bench dog 
a brown dog table drinking . while dog water from is a table , tall jumps small the light a off atop black 
the wooden brown dog off a bowl the jumps table black from dog on as . a eats 
white red tries hockey in . from in to puck a player the another player <unk> 
red player follow hockey as others reaches puck uniform wearing for . a a the 
players player hockey two a while puck to <unk> <unk> . <unk> control him try is attempting the to hockey 
on people playing hockey ice . 
watching with team opposing for members play puck opposing hockey players . two and make a the fans 
beside to standing wearing on leather bike his city . street his another on next biker <unk> biker who sits is clad motorcycle a a 
a mask two , , bikes pose bikers . with in one with their the street 
is one . , pose a which mask for of picture a bikers wearing two skull 
men two pose motorcycles . with their 
and skull motorcyclists of two the the is road are side a wearing standing mask on one . 
from get a the snow up fellow a helping skier skier 
the snow helps another . one climber in 
is next one who . another mountaineer to standing kneeling is on ground the mountaineer 
rope in hikers adjusting equipment snow the two 
snow the people . are two in hiking 
down a red and road skateboard a and suit person in on a rides . down white his kneels 
is person black a riding skateboard suit in and , racing and a red a white helmet a . 
street person wearing equipment skateboarding on 
on full someone and a with body a skateboard suit . helmet black is kneeling 
skateboard and in on is red white the the . a suit boy 
bicycler at is a ramp going festival down a bike a . 
the through a . jumps air bike 
. in <unk> performing a a a cyclist is competition stunt 
towards bike down man a ramp course riding dirt a . a bicycle a 
launches watch a over . into a while cyclists cyclist midair other stunt ramp himself 
a is printed in outfit skeleton . a on a clean man sitting motorcycle 
. wearing man a a a leather and mask on the is motorcycle on street sitting in black 
and mask . on wearing a skeleton motorcycle a skeleton leather on it with person a full 
man . leather in a black motorcycle on 
outfit . <unk> leather sitting a man in motorcycle red <unk> 
. standing are in men crowd talking three a 
a in converse men three crowd . 
<unk> three in white <unk> men shirts . 
holding in one amongst shirts cap three glasses book blue , a white a , . with men a and crowd 
two carrying blue are a speaking another book with . man wearing men who a cap and is 
woman dandelion a . a on blowing 
on in blowing a field a a <unk> woman . 
a grassy woman on a dandelion a . field in blows 
the seeds a from is dandelion . woman blowing a 
in <unk> the flower is off woman blowing a a green the field . 
a different a car sunglasses in <unk> to red . wear front of couple practice 
red sunglasses boy a . with them car a and and behind girl 
with with a are hat a man front car a a in . and woman of sunglasses 
to red is on his front of head next a car looking red . a whilst with white man at a hat sunglasses scarf in and woman with standing the him sports 
<unk> in plaid sunglasses and the woman a a hat her beside sunglasses . smiles short in looks and man behind a while her 
a . costumes mirror while looking woman in a makeup <unk> 
hand a her a mirror , <unk> , feather . looks holding wearing in lipstick in a headdress and , 
. her a lipstick mirror puts the <unk> on in 
mirror a her in front <unk> . a makeup costume a of is fancy in woman 
woman <unk> lipstick costumed . 
performs bike a rider trick a . 
<unk> midair bmx a front flip doing in biker is . a 
. bicycle a down a jumping upside while man 
on bike person flipping is trick . a a 
young <unk> with a man a air in the performing bicycle . the is 
player . hockey with crouches in a background crowd full , the a slightly 
gets a position hockey . player into 
his . player eye keeps a the hockey on game 
hockey ice with a red on wearing in player . the helmet hockey blue and white blue shirt <unk> 
hockey a playing during hockey player game . 
<unk> a a little chases dog . 
other chasing each dogs park . in the enjoy 
park through . the dogs some running 
dogs running area are . two around in a fenced in 
dogs two . field run a through 
people three man a a camera large other room with in a holding . 
the of with a . a a back <unk> shirt his standing is man on room at 
grey shirt man with <unk> . a white <unk> with 
man <unk> . <unk> at red-headed with " event " 
man his a with others the with t-shirt . the room three is a , gold people in neck chain in around , 
surfboard with . man heading his is see in to a hand out 
man with surfboard . the walking water a is a into white 
walks carrying white a into a person the water surfboard . 
walking the a surfer ocean into 
. <unk> board to sea with on day gray out surfer 
the edge a a in the child coming water beach of at . on 
the beach a girl along . running 
down a running . in beach the is a person the on white sand barefoot hoodie 
. woman a runs along rocky a shore 
woman runs . a the shore along 
is beautiful man checks necklace . woman out the a a wearing 
across looks man while him stands from she necklace . at a holds and woman her a 
is a beaded woman a face necklace man holding neck that expression with a is a <unk> on . around 's his 
necklace holds black . hair the in 's the man hat woman brown the 
a is a necklace looking . girls man there 
. a child in rolls a large tire around 
tire is a little boy a in 
a hands <unk> . inside boy and crouched , of with tire 
tire child crouches . in 
tire is child a the large truck in . sitting 
bench stand a to child and next a in yard man a . 
wearing to boy young a . a black yellow a wearing a a standing hat smaller jacket and jacket wearing man next child is another 
in a and bench stand a man boy a of . front young 
a . children near suburban man bench in area with a 
man yard in and . boy a smiling standing 
. a hand standing one is on boy pavement the on 
a <unk> attempting <unk> is kid a . a in on stand trampoline 
boy on hand does a a small one . handstand 
on boy a concrete . handstand a does <unk> a young 
the doing is boy . pavement on the handstand a 
with a of large their hands raised <unk> . people 
at the of all large <unk> . hands a in air people group their <unk> 
large of with group . the people air raised in hands a 
, sky of . a to , the their children room full hands extended raise fingers 
hands their people raise . 
. and woman pose a for picture girl a a 
other and each pose around their woman woman young . arms with a 
woman smiling with girl . a another posing young each 
the two at women . smile viewer <unk> 
are wearing at smiling two . camera red women the 
the mountains facing people three are . 
toward the looking three mountains . people 
some direction looking . the three stand people in of mountains 
the clouds . three in people mountains watching the 
approaching the storm three <unk> adults young at . 
of do children colored group . mats a stretches on 
their a girls the are circle with standing the a on <unk> on in . young in colored ground group air brightly hands of grassy sheets 
an a at festival to kids outdoor woman teaches . <unk> 
children <unk> at . the art colorful mats of on <unk> a festival 
girls colorful stretching several on young . mats <unk> 
circular are a man a metal ride . into and a woman strapped 
hair , enjoy a ride . woman and <unk> both a carnival with man red , 
in a metal carnival a ball of in are . ride suspended type two air part as people 
a two <unk> in ride people . 
ride amusement an two park . people on 
with ball holding a . black red blue is and in a stripe a and white man 
a . running ball with man a 
while a blocks player rugby . the ball holding 
outstretched rugby in arm gear player a carrying light with rugby ball colored dark is a . 
white is shirt ball . man in a black the the and running with 
peace the two girls sign . giving 
. fingers girls two waving two 
a there showing peace girls . <unk> fingers one there one and brunette two young sign with are lips blonde 
in young sign <unk> peace women dresses blue identical an two giving in the . 
the to ladies sign young piece camera fingers with <unk> give the their . 
electronic next woman holding is standing and an man a device to . is he to a ear his 
woman standing a cellphone a with . a on man 
a a busy couple young city in 
. a and black and using , woman wearing gray couple in direction is wearing talking coat cellphone man is sweatshirt looking a same a 
guy listens mobile and device to jackets in girl guy while 
three of , a bench men with two cement , the <unk> sitting are edge on . these 
men sitting awning under . three an <unk> 
three a on . men their faces holding sidewalk 
men . on three a bench sit outside 
sitting three together . on sidewalk middle men eastern a are 
red car in 's . a in a a red parking person area door is opening 
woman a red a of out car gets . 
. embrace a of people night in at city red outside car two a <unk> 
a to scene people . standing traffic two red them in with a hugging next behind car are brightly lit city 
two stand a in . and outside of red hug people car city the 
sitting two window a . wooden large on in girls are floor of front a 
on front windows <unk> the floor floor view sit . girls of in a with two 
window floor a on hair town with the them sit a the behind two showing girls . from brown long with view 
view of window with of and front mountains . teen in sitting girls two city 
big a large women front in city . overlooking a sitting of window young two are 
the towards and black running white each in grass two other dogs 
grass each in <unk> . two dogs other the 
out dogs are yard a . two playing in 
the two off dogs park . in face 
face of grass other dogs on two . each the off 
a in man and camera a . between a is male dressed as smiling for female the a pirate 
man with red . , in black a , a white headscarf man a smoking blond in woman and a 
the at pirate smiles a and camera . a man hat wearing <unk> 
young a looking cap man <unk> skull with . is at and red smiling a 
cigarette one holding . lady holding two cups men and a 
woman are posing yellow a photograph <unk> a front a for in man a of and . 
and in man a woman . of yellow the front a flowers 
woman while camera and a a outside the man for standing . smile 
next girl is smiling brown sitting also man a smiling . to who red haired a haired 
with and the for couple posing background picture white flowers . in yellow 
a shirt in girl is wet . a a yellow football throwing 
a wet <unk> with throwing a . girl <unk> a 
little . girl laughs a balloon water and plays a with 
is and girl <unk> to a ready young holds a throw wet . 
in a ball is <unk> a t-shirt yellow throw to yellow , wet young about girl a . 
by other each and black white are cellphones woman woman . in in talking a standing on 
a in cellphones talking booth girls these on . are two 
on two covered and a black white one , posters front in in one in cellphones . wall girls in are music talking 
cellphone a while women two walking on each talking are 
with posters behind women cellphones two . , them talking on 
while bench against shoulder a a sitting girl leaning on 's . a woman 
a on with are a and sitting . smiling mother lap both child her 
. woman smile child and sit a and a together 
sit woman young a and . and a pose close a girl for photo 
camera the daughter and smiling at a . woman are 
riding lady mini motorcycle a a 
an <unk> rides her woman . african-american 
. wearing heels motorcycle woman a on a is 
her a a riding white and <unk> is woman pumps black wearing . red skirt and 
wearing red a small motorcycle red matching a and and helmet woman riding scarf white and 
a people watching bunch men <unk> of . something 
are distance into group . of the a looking people 
standing a railing group several a of around people 
people young stand holding a . men some railing other a with of lot 
three , young bench a standing <unk> at . wearing men hooded 
black licks a nose its brown . dogs 
. a closeup his a dog of nose licking 
dog a chest a closeup nose of a . white licking its with 
a in the nose is licking dog . its grass 
a its <unk> is dog there . licking 
beach a rocky a . dog white on running 
running dog . the a on beach white 
one a white with runs up dog ear . 
with shore a white beach . <unk> dog black of chest a a the piece runs along 
rocky runs a with harness dog a shore on a white black . 
. white is red it behind a smoke airplane leaving 
that has airplane behind . left a a trail red 
red a trail a of smoke . , the in sky with <unk> 
a sky a . trail blue leaves a red in <unk> white 
a behind a streaks white sky <unk> trail across the . it leaving red 
large an pink and a front a standing covered . flowers young woman in of bush older in girl 
flower front a poses woman a with of small girl bush a in . 
older girl . plants on of shoulders , hands background woman puts little in 
of and old little . flowers stand purple lady girl front in 
the standing is in with garden girl the young . a woman 
hockey is . on goal laying the ice the of in a front player 
block shot <unk> <unk> goalie to a attempting by hockey 
the of ice laying . hockey <unk> on net front in 
<unk> diving hockey 
posts with sliding the . near and goalie the jersey goal white the blue is 
his a in a and wearing is on shirt blue midair bike is . boy 
a performing cyclist park jumping skate <unk> a stunt and a is . in 
doing a person <unk> a trick on bike a . picture an of 
person running on a bmx a . course a , bike 
on beach young man . bicycle near does stunt 
crowd of . waving passing a are under flags a bridge people red 
of flags red carrying street down people a group walk . the 
or a people flags group a . street some of banners walking large carrying down , 
people building walking brick with . a people other on near looking many together on pavement 
walk street the many people in . 
. a cone man skateboards an orange around 
pants in a wearing and a black and skateboard shirt man black park his . helmet rides a 
rides a near cone skateboarder the small . 
two men each other . racing skateboards on 
the each white . one skateboarders a , other t-shirt t-shirt a and wearing black other , race wearing two 
spins . a child merry-go-round on a 
<unk> playing are as on watch them . <unk> go a on a round adults bench 
a children look bench from merry-go-round as on on a . play adults 
their enjoy merry-go-round spinning as children the . <unk> watch 
toy kids around that in them middle spins the sit a . of two playground 
yellow on a with rock in another the while helmet . person the a waits climbing <unk> person ground 
rope climbing on the . ground rock the man and person another a holding 
rock person watching climbing is holding while from below person the . rope another one and is 
are people . two rock climbing 
climbers a two the face . base of rock rock near 
trampoline jumping on a the . the air while doing in splits girl a 
woman a jumping young on trampoline a is 
girl black leggings black top on and . white trampoline jumping in and 
girl backyard trampoline jumping . on outdoors in the , a is a 
young . woman jumping trampoline on 
on red a balances beam skateboard a a . on boy 
on a jeans red . red balancing a sneakers bar boy and wearing is 
skateboarder rail a red balances . a on 
on skateboarder sliding a rail . a 
boy over red teenage a a grinds skateboard rail his . 
in man field the down a ball uniform soccer a the kicking blue 
a sports kicking man while in uniform ball a him follow players soccer other a 
in whilst . player the striking by ball is pursued player blue a green in soccer being a 
player soccer <unk> green attempts player in in a a make play with uniform blue to . a in 
ball man in soccer shirt blue kicks . 
park person down a in white rail . skate a a skateboard shirt a long in grinding a 
rail skateboarding person off in a a a white shirt . 
a long skateboarder down grinds rail . a 
a a rides down rail skateboarder . 
a a riding skateboarder rail . 
two . the grass running dogs on the are 
grass dogs the . are running two brown on 
through are <unk> together running grass dogs . two 
running . and in dogs brown white two , a and yard brown one , one 
play two together dogs . yard in the 
bench a a on boy . wooden skateboards 
a of off rides person . wooden skateboard bench a a 
a bench . a skateboarder grinds 
on skateboarding wooden a bench . person 
about the jump is wooden . a from bench to skateboarder 
a playing team . closeup of two soccer uniforms their boys in 
a a goalie . soccer catching the on ball ground lays after 
gathering boy the runs ball as up towards his arms . in another the boy is him in goal soccer 
two playing children . soccer 
soccer playing kids are . two together 
dress <unk> a . pink girl a in 
and girl a pink little in dancing green a . dress 
girl little around <unk> a a . flowery dress in 
pink in a young girl dancing a is dress . 
blonde in green girl with flowers dress . pink 
<unk> and in different three street dancing are wearing . the women there dresses 
up girls on three dressed street dancing city 
. the women dance down city street three 
a three city dancing . in women street 
in a is festive city a large three dresses women . a them banner while dancing street holding in behind large are crowd up 
downhill a racing . is biker 
a biker prepares a . down go hill to 
biking suit in . a bike rides a a person down a hill 
blue track is a grassy a ridding biking a uniform dirt a on person . bike in 
an bicycle down a travels <unk> . hill riding a person 
other with boats around <unk> a the <unk> gondola . through is 
it people buildings steering gondola a down in all river man a a with around is with . 
rowing path a man <unk> a watery down a 
a a canal in man . in gondola 
<unk> . gondola in is the canal the his boat 
surrounded several by cats man kneeling the ground on a 
street cats surrounded a . man by the on 
on sidewalk cats man for several . <unk> the 
several black outside dressed a . blue next cats hat person in with to 
the and the man <unk> him <unk> down cats . 
man in is rugby the about to a game tackled . be 
his . in opponent a game rugby of tackling a player 
in soccer in red soccer . green tackled being player player a by a 
by a being soccer his tackled is player opponent 
each players other . tackling rugby 
his . front up a wheel is bicycle on cyclist leaning its 
park guy a his skateboard on bicycle the air . a flies in through 
trick with doing bike is man bicycle a at a ramps a . park 
a bike performing is man bmx trick a a on . 
a skate man bike on stunt in park doing . 
white in a man shirt is airborne a . 
to a , down , rolls ramp man a . low on a skateboard the ground 
man in <unk> skateboards a a . 
the indoor above high a in . an skateboarder air ramp 
skateboarder midair above ramp indoor an a in . 
its grass the owner chases . toy a dog in background in with the a 
dog a green white lawn a . chases a animal on 
playing grass the in . a outside dog 
dog a chasing grass white . is toy the running on a across the golden ground 
is . dog on running the the brown outside grass 
a a dog a chases attached string to stuffed . animal 
string . after a a <unk> on chases white black and dog a 
white is pulled . a string a dog on chasing a stuffed being animal 
. is string toy attached a dog chasing the grass a is to white the that across 
the running is in dog the . white green grass 
. a black jumping dog 
dog . pavement leaping on a 
a dog . the across street runs 
over air gravel a a jumps gray the . path dog through 
is dog jumping on brown furry the . concrete the 
pink in dress a girl a flower . 
girl outdoors near tables picnic a . 
young a blows . wind girl as the holds her hair 
stands . girl a on young pink in a a sidewalk dress 
wearing . young the a a down girl floral outfit pink sidewalk walks 
next his on ground another off person is tumbling with the one person to . shoes 
one down the looking is a the other two roof ground is bending , boys . climbing , at 
two children rocks playing on 
the in of two object some distance sort climbing people 
two . at park people young 
. as <unk> a the girl by bubbles the has water her air just jumped into around 
swimsuit underwater in . blue a is swimming a lady 
has into <unk> are bubbles and up body a a water just person going . of 
blue woman a in a . diving swimsuit 
. woman dives into water a the 
snowboards . a man 
snowboarder trick aerial <unk> a . an performing is 
in over snowboarder air a mountain snowy . a the 
in . is air snowboarder a the 
jumping in is snowboarder the air over slope . snow a a 
covered man . performing a a skate a a on trick graffiti at skateboard park 
a shirt wearing is trick grey a doing a stairs on man skateboard . 
skateboarder board kicked its . in skate an a wheels has his center up indoor onto back 
the skateboarder a . down stairs jumping 
. is walls a down covered steps skateboard the the surrounded boy graffiti by , jumping 
brown near each . the water in near grass other and german shepherd dog standing 
playing two field in grassy dogs are a 
a playing . the in grassy dogs with in background park field in lake two a a are 
a in two . dogs field play 
in the in background water large green two with dogs . run grass 
taking gathered people a pictures . up looking together crowd and of 
spectators . asian 
<unk> crowded together people are them looking . of , a many couple with 
people sky up at . the something looking at 
up are two crowd looking in people a 
a a leaps on hangs fence a . rider horse over while 
man jumping wooden a a riding over horse fence . 
a brown a horse fence is . over helmet jumping a person in yellow 
. the rider are horse jumping a and over fence 
fence rider jump and a horse the . 
black are teeth their each showing two other facing . dogs 
at and growling black other each brown two dogs . 
each barking . dogs brown two other at 
. two dogs teeth bark bare their and 
the each grass two , dogs barking other at . on 
dog and a a toy field brown dog a on grassy with a yellow ball black foam soccer 
yellow dog ball brown dog a playing a . a with soccer and black 
lawn plastic a with a . two distorted on photograph toy a , in play dogs 
one and has toy mouth has black , dog dog toy black one brown dogs . brown a yellow two with the , open 
dogs two yellow a . soccer to catch ball run 
leans long a . musician towards hair guitar with man and electric an another 
a lit in man to talks white a lighting woman in green . 
on the playing . spotlight a guitarist who is is band a in 
two plays stage one the , . guitar on a are <unk> musicians 
. on two with guitars stage perform electric a people 
a to bat playing his , . pointed cricket the man sky 
playing sports dressed man . in white 
is swinging air . bat <unk> the in the a 
man wearing <unk> a . club the swings cricket knee 
leg a . and the man practicing wearing <unk> sport white white is clothes 
a fence small . and horse a rider jumping 
fence a and horse rider . a jump over 
a wooden . horse over jumps a fence 
on a horse jumps fence . a a jockey 
over horse . a jumping fence wooden person <unk> a 
the to <unk> how wheel bicycle on . the ride ground with a a man only back 
outfit man on bike red a a in . balances a 
a bicycle . while by man performing the bike standing on is <unk> trick a the a on <unk> 
a is black pointing wheels red bicycle balancing back a on himself up man that the . wearing is of and 
. in trick only man bicycle rear shirt on a riding wheel the a red 
. a in green while piano jacket man dressed playing a sings is woman a 
. sing a sitting woman is is to man a of and <unk> in , preparing front a 
. a with playing the singer person piano nearby a 
a a to perform and are singer <unk> . ready 
to the the stand next a the man music who jacket piano by woman a playing is green . is in 
lady man drink a a and laughs coffee as . she 
girl are and drink a down sitting a man . have a and 
woman . brick a and a are in wall of cups front <unk> from man a drinking 
is . coffee sitting a shop wearing a next black woman glasses in a in man to 
in building sitting drinks people having 
holding pail . a beach alone on a a child 
bucket a green child on the a with beach . 
a holds boy the green a . beach on bucket little 
in a green front boy standing a blanket with . of little bucket a 
a young with a bucket green . a overhead a boy sky sandy beach on cloudy carries 
a girl jacket . looking away holding while a 
carrying standing pink a is . purse a woman and jacket a 
a unhappy looks in shirt blue . a woman 
blue lady looking wearing young <unk> . shirt a a 
her woman arms is holding top in jacket blue the the in pink a 
. is a saying " trick dinner a in , to sign using " green a man over bike all free black 
. says over dinner man is green on ' a a free ' that jumping sign a bicycle 
sign a on bike his a man jumping . 
a a that over a " dinner free " on bicycle man sign jumping says is . 
sign jumping over boy bike a on 
picture and a poses kneeling man for a blue girl . her to take wearing clothing red 
takes a a a girl man <unk> a . outfit with of picture 
of outfit a a a in colourful child a . taking person photograph 
young girl camera poses . for a in red a 
for take lot near girl a a to photograph a a posing man young . parking 
a dog . catch jumps white to black ball up a 
catches the a dog air in a ball 
dog brick a house outside . a toy a catches of 
to a leaps catch dog . a ball 
the dog a jumping up big ball to . catch the in air black is 
catch a to dog a leaps . volleyball the brown in white air 
jumps a to brick a a house near toy dog catch . 
in dog . on stands mouth hind legs catch ball its a its to a 
jumps catch up to dog ball the . brown the 
to the old the catch . soccer jumps leashed high ball dog 
swing trunks a in in boxer black . a trunks a at taking white boxer 
shorts . in a shorts white in man man is against boxing black and 
. ring white in gloves a in fighting black and are wearing man and shorts boxing boxing man and a white boxing shorts white gloves boxing the 
seating . boxers a by ring <unk> fight in surrounded <unk> two 
boxing out . white men with gloves it a two in match battle 
shorts white a a shorts black . black white man man in in boxing and 
boxing . man and white black 
boxers fighting . are two 
box two men . 
men match boxing two . a in 
in around kids . group of a play water 
. children brown swimming in <unk> 
. three a young are in these water body of boys posing 
three . children some together in are playing water 
children indian playing in three water . 
man is <unk> the the block <unk> man . trying to 
boxers two attacking other <unk> . each 
two white boxers fighting gloves with . are 
boxing . are in ring two gloves a wearing white men 
rink men with gloves box two dimly in . a boxing white lit 
soccer down field . boy a the player running 
a small a red wearing soccer . boy towards ball runs 
field the young blue watches in boy behind from a soccer on uniform dressed another . child ball as in a kicks the red 
wearing kick to . a a ball boy a up lines young red uniform soccer 
in getting watches red . other kick ball boy to soccer ready little while boy 
has dog rope a . black in brown mouth and its 
jumps a . dog catch a toy to rope 
in a a the toy with mouth grass dog on runs its rope . 
in the on rope a with its is . dog a running mouth large grass 
the . a running dog rope is toy with 
sign one is holding a woman and and a people together . of gathered standing crowd 
of . a fans of group type for gather event some 
crowd woman with foreground asian <unk> in 
surrounded and is standing her black up girl red by a . a hand in pole with in people shirt 
woman a young crowd . standing above 
talking a of restaurant playing group and outside . soccer a children 
soccer town group in playing <unk> people a of . of part <unk> a 
ball kids on streets a several around with playing one the standing 
boys in area sitting a down playing and six . run are 
talking the the and playing street . in are children 
and water waterfall . a floats person near in rocks a 
a swimming a in pretty lake background with in a person waterfall the 
swimming person a small a in rocks nearby . and water waterfall 
waterfall a body person . swims of with water in a a 
person . a pool in swims a a by waterfall 
a . in in bald guitar is a man playing spotlight band the 
is spotlight man a guitar him . bald while a plays on 
a . a to next drummer plays guitar man 
the spotlight bald man playing the . in guitar an old 
under the the <unk> too , in under one . spotlight a the is and back is drummer <unk> 
<unk> a and double a man . man a play a with <unk> with music 
standing man a . a man guitar to a <unk> a <unk> small playing next seated 
man <unk> a one another . large playing is standing small a man playing sitting while guitar 
instruments . playing are <unk> gentleman two the 
instruments two play . men 
a him on . a man with cellphone in people helmet a other is bicycle behind talking 
man . helmet a a cellphone holding in a 
cellphone a man black bike helmet in a . shirt on with his and a plaid red 
on red a with talking wearing the a people cellphone in other . background helmet bicycle man a 
helmet midst cellphone a a man in with is . on using the a bicycle of crowd a 
men are three <unk> inside lights the while them a outside of . green sitting from store on neon 
light through by looking glass men green three seated <unk> 
the at counter sit men three restaurant a . in 
sit green men <unk> in . three building down with light a 
men sitting three window behind . neon <unk> lights with green a 
each the are fence two . wooden other dogs grass facing beside on a 
. in grass play two dogs 
. together dogs play two 
other playfully two chase <unk> puppies and . each 
yard a two one , , the by in dogs than fence . enclosed interact wooded larger tan grassy other a 
near leaps steps boy his skateboard some a . over house off a 
a skateboard the . a jumps with over person steps shirt red wearing a 
a down jumping skateboarder steps is three . 
riding stairs kid skateboard the down . 
skateboarding boy . on stairs is the the 
. in are dancing on people wood three clothing a the floor kitchen 
three in . dancers clothes <unk> dancing 
three dance for a together show to prepare people 
perform a boy girls two dance . a and 
<unk> dance along two a with man like dressed <unk> girls dressed a as . 
in with adults balloons and water street the playing are . children 
. play road of a people game a in the group 
passing balloons in a of a the one another game play people group street , to 
the water in people street balloons passing 
a water . toss the balloons <unk> <unk> of 
bug a with mouth in bird a . its 
resting a bird the eating a black <unk> ground is and on while grassy yellow . 
the bird grass and a orange in black 
grass . bird green a with a in yellow black standing beak 
bird brown field a standing in . a is still grassy 
group the people in a street of standing 
a group standing a . the <unk> in street of woman people <unk> 
. children street the in group of 
turquoise white pants tank top faces woman in away and . 
children playing on and paved road a are . women 
a shorts is street red in jogger the in . 
he as runs like he race 's pain looks in a man in a . 
man . running a 
. runner <unk> is face a a makes race a during he pain in 
he runner as . runs <unk> a 
jumping a trampoline in red outfit a a on child . 
little is in boy . red outfit jumping a a 
a . outfit jumping in is red on a little boy trampoline a 
wearing a . little boy the jumps air red into 
. boy in a trampoline red uniform a a on young jumps 
up rock man a a helmet cliff . climbs in yellow a 
a helmet man of wearing the side climbing a large . wall rock yellow a 
a wearing helmet a a hands climb with to . man yellow rock his tries 
top climber reaches a mountain the of . a cliff 
a person cliff is a yellow wearing climbing helmet . a 
two through the people water moves . carrying small a boat 
a water boat of people in brown float built street city . a the down on 
between are canal three along buildings a . riding a through boat men 
a wooden a city boat men riding three . are middle in of in the 
wooden of men three on in front buildings boat 
man trick snowy does ground a skateboard on . a 
grinding a and is along low skateboarder in , skateboard rail a , brown white his black 
. metal skateboard pole a man rides a a young along 
on the . rides the pipe his board skater 
trick man . young riding the is performing a and a skateboard 
are . books children the with two bed <unk> in the 
boys two reading <unk> books 
boys books read two and <unk> <unk> . spiderman 
in bed read . two children 
two read young <unk> . boys bed in books 
some water is in and dog a black white swimming 
a white black dog swimming and . 
. water white swims blue dog and a black in 
is small a white . black and dog in swimming water 
paddles some small black blue . in and water clear dog white a 
. reach as toy playground steps her up a for a on arms child 
her climbs a as of stairway the . for a reach girl arms playground 
the <unk> to a an young slide adult . is try girl 
climbing reach is hands while her small child from playground . bars equipment up a behind toward 
the the jungle at . is playing gym on girl the park 
riding a blue with a a boy is helmet bike 
. open rides as his bike young stone a past mouth wall has he outdoors his boy a 
riding boy is young a bike a . 
boy park and in young a . a a a helmet wearing riding bike 
helmet and boy his . red the bicycle rides the blue with 
at table the sitting reading are girls . a two there table at while <unk> the stands waiter 
. two look girls at <unk> a <unk> waiter with faces their the as unhappy takes 
two a girls give sit order . and their the waiter table outdoors at to 
women looking with <unk> at two waiter at table 
with . their at two waiter order table an looking the young <unk> <unk> to place standing women their sitting outdoor about at at 
street . a neck on on a couple busy kissing the 
a a crowded . a man <unk> woman street on 
kisses the <unk> a collar neck in a coat a a the wearing white scarf a with leather in of woman . man gray jacket 
kisses man girl on neck 
a on 's a sidewalk kissing busy . neck woman man 
bags behind an . some inside a person igloo 
luggage full snowy of a cave 
for <unk> . ready man igloo the <unk> his , young the inside gets 
with ice a . some in up in an person <unk> background cave the backpacks dressed in black 
visible through the wall . something in hole there the is 
behind him . with and down mountain man mountain skiing river the another between large a is a mountains a 
with down background . hill a in man snowy is a skiing a mountain the large 
down snow a covered a man mountain . skiing 
down skis a person mountain a . snowy 
goes a mountain backdrop a a hill down a with as . skier 
people a ledge with a a rocky them of view scenic group sit on behind . 
aged <unk> black . is straight middle sitting looking man direction in a down 
overlooking mountains are adults sitting on four a . ledge 
people on . a four wall trees stone and buildings that sitting overlooks 
. people on low four cement sitting ledge 
setting a . female a <unk> midair <unk> a in is hurdle caught in clearing 
girl hurdle a shirt in a over . yellow jumping a 
blue in in tank top a with . jumping background people yellow the a girl hurdle a 
. is girl hurdle to a and ground jumping touch about a 
is of woman front people on hurdle a jumping on field over a it . grassy a in a with track 
finger and biting child down an both adult and nails are a . sitting their 
girl sits wearing is . to striped older next an dress a woman a who small 
with her young an fingers in girl woman old her is a next . sitting mouth to 
an a , orange stripe big lap sits bag to little a a in woman old dress in with next . girl her 
woman an to mouth . girl in her fingers next a sitting two with older young 
to and toy throw fetch dog a about to go . for a man a 
dog a man . throwing for ball a a 
red for fetch a throwing a . to dog stick man a 
a . person a to red for dog for a throws run toy 
to man a . dog the toy park throwing the in is black a brown and 
man bench sitting a a a red a is jacket on cooking in meal whilst . 
. man on food is , a some cooking sitting bench a 
man a on a sits bench . 
man is jacket on a cooking wearing and red a small bench a sitting in pot a is . something wooden 
camping a on jacket to a sitting various next a wearing bench items red man 
man skateboard half does on cap jump a . pipe in a baseball a a 
does on . skateboarder trick ramp a a a 
a a hat top snowy with jump a of skateboarder and day black the a . on white at 
with black and park skate performing in hat . white skateboarder a an ollie 
is a side the of the half doing skateboarder trick a pipe off 
inline green . red blue shirt skater in skates and cones an pants between 
skates cones a pants in wearing . red through line in <unk> person green 
and skate rollerblading run nearby people . person is other a as performing a trick 
woman a around rollerblading cones green . 
a on a while run others skates path woman . 
retriever puppies <unk> . a golden 
. white a <unk> dog <unk> her 
newborn . of feeding dog golden female puppies litter 
and her the . on a blanket puppies lay dog 
litter . her dog <unk> <unk> is the of feeding 
<unk> a of . closeup a 
of a . a <unk> flying closeup 
the in a air <unk> . <unk> 
close-up of <unk> . a 
long a has bird very that flying . is the beak 
as <unk> others a bike takes dirt watch . racer 
with watching is . people traveling along dirt a a rider path motocross 
is person riding dirt side a hill bike people the watch . on on a while up a 
bike a person riding . dirt a 
person bike track riding dirt while by stand others track on 
dirt down . bicycles a the trail on hill a woman 
a biking downhill woman . 
a woman on down bike her dirt . trail is riding a 
a riding down . bike a man hill dirt 
blue and woman <unk> rides attire through helmet path dirt in 
above . is a swan water 
a in . a lake swan landing 
taking . from swan the off water a 
the of <unk> white is . surface the a water swan across 
<unk> large white down above the bird the water . hovering 
. water and running shallow through black a dog white 
dog black a . on water is running 
water dog running . black through a 
black dog . feet with a white running into lake 
the dog through . black water is running 
a camouflage men two parking in are pants running . lot past 
in camouflage parking two are past a men running pants . lot 
pants two run men . a through camouflage lot parking wearing 
two to are men army next pants a running wearing fence . 
are down track a running <unk> . two 
on background a as hay . they and in a display little little with sit the kisses a a boy bale halloween girl pumpkins 
little girl kisses little hay a halloween <unk> surrounded bales on sitting boy while by a . 
hay on boy girl . a a of <unk> little kissing a 
on halloween a children . of two are in setting bales hay sitting themed 
front in sitting of are pumpkins <unk> and hay children . on two play 
in the a cap in . air child graduation a throws gown the 
child graduation a is in celebrating who their . field a 
graduation throwing gown in . in young graduation air cap a a child is a the dressed 
into throws the cap . a her graduation girl young air 
suit into graduation field girl her young . the in hat upward red <unk> 
walking men a a sign . past several <unk> tent 
of white . front outfits in <unk> a men in walk three tent 
three a on sign it colorful with tent men a in of walking front . 
three a a with on walking billboard tent it men sign . to next 
area three near men white young with <unk> in advertisement walking . banner 
toy black are two fighting over dogs a 
toy an two tug-of-war dogs are . playing with black orange 
. playing are stuffed dog with dogs black orange two toy an 
two that orange at black toy are them dogs . is between tugging an 
. dogs fighting an black toy orange two over 
snowy girl on a . standing a is cliff 
a girl on standing a . snowy hillside 
<unk> a tracksuit is blue a carrying in standing mountain a a on snowy person 
cliff woman shopping blue 's holding bag edge on a a in a stands . 
, person on . this standing is dressed in a , mountain snowy blue 
are a standing crowd musician . people around <unk> of a 
crowd up in . next band set to a a yellow a man 
full musician . a a and next musical instruments to crowd of stage 
<unk> with right and to instruments in his musical hat leaning forward suit man . 
and the . musical man near suit yellow crowd a instruments stands in the 
jeans , background , with in others top wearing the on , a a stands a . pink field girl and small 
skinned in a a pink stands small top a white jeans . field on soccer and girl 
. young a girl and blue in in green jeans a red shirt the grass is 
in field young smiles girl . a a 
dancing in top field girl in pink a , 
a flowered bathing pulled in a one ski suit man by on a rope being while . <unk> 
a man doing on water is a in jump wakeboard a the . 
jump waterski is the air a a in on . man a performing 
man a a lake a riding on wakeboard 
waterskiing through a a . the air near man dock 
. boy a standing and a a the girl water are near beach on 
on shore boy girl ocean a standing a hat cowboy and in a the 
posing the boy on beach and young . a girl 
girl the front the are of and ocean boy in . mountains and standing 
the the green in cowboy gray is beach on the t-shirt in hat dress the the and girl next to standing boy . 
of a man a cycling <unk> a the bicycle is wheel . store inside 
. bike shop in a a works man 
on bike where store working two a men a a . woman are in bicycle 
adjusting in of is examining while bicycles many one a in shirt shirt blue a a a man woman a . wheel red is 
a in bike . shop shopping people 
black with white a bandanna a very running brown fast dog . and and brown 
small dog white a running 
dog white lawn small a across . running a 
dog . grass along a runs tan green white the and 
the dogs . small the runs yard in 
the their holding in . sticks two players cricket air 
with two hockey air players field their the sticks in 
competition two sport men each carrying a a playing stick 
playing hockey men . two 
. play field hockey two lacrosse or men 
photo a four front of people a for in posing pond . 
it . near young with stand on bike four two flags people a 
wearing young white one of lady dress a dressed in , this bike of young men picture a with three . and is a , on suits a 
a and girl and <unk> in in in . a boys sash suits dress three in field a 
. a man dressed three beside <unk> standing on woman grass bicycle the and are 
dirt on a . biker a <unk> dirt wheeler four 
a man . a dirt through riding some four is wheeler 
drives . a atv person an through mud 
vehicle a on person <unk> of dust <unk> clouds . , up an 
. into <unk> dirt air quad flying a the 
bunch sitting children in standing a and chairs . floors on wooden of 
. group kneel , stand a along children , a wall of and sit 
of a . on and sitting group children playing folding chairs 
group a children sitting . against row wall in the of a young 
while along the a . row of chairs sitting wall talking kids on the 
boy standing . tricycle a on a 
not be a . baby <unk> to little <unk> clothes on a wearing tricycle 
tricycle toddler . while a looking standing red a on him behind 
in stand seat <unk> on park the . the child of the his 
standing is tricycle a small the on child . 
<unk> stick player <unk> . a an hitting 
a game white a is during man and hitting a white and in a field man in jersey hockey red a blue jersey . 
in and man a uniform uniform another others swings red look a a while in . blue on jumps 
collide . hockey field two players 
a a to hit standing . with ball team their members on attempt men field sports two by 
. a skateboarding man 
skateboarding is skate person a in a hole 
skateboarder . a approaches ramp a 
skateboarder a to up riding a . slope 
pool . in the skates skateboarder a 
in balloon standing a glasses on a yellow boy with throws the the air sand . in 
a in . the ball air yellow person a throwing 
ball sand a in is yellow person for wearing . the glasses reaching a 
is ball boy in . the sand the playing 
in the sand on throwing yellow standing object person . the while is a air 
in a brown trying legs is mans to standing dog the something . his back reach hand on 
field a a man in and dog are playing a 
dog man a stand a in grass the and . 
playing . man holding a a and with stick dog 
hind be teaching legs a leash it appears has on dog its stand man to to and on the . a 
a public is in skate bike park cyclist airborne and over a jump . a 
a . a doing midair a guy trick a ramp above on , bicycle 
pipe midair on a . half in man bicycle a a stunt doing 
ramp . a the with people a person background jumping three in 
the does in air trick the biker a . 
fashioned clothes two next car in old an ladies pose skimpy to . 
standing classic . girls of car two flags checkered side clad a red scantily holding on each 
two of <unk> in <unk> front a . 
flags women checkered near an two . orange car holding 
car women standing with of front flags an <unk> two . in are in black 
basketball . a a to jumps shot guy make 
the background playing people with in a four men on basketball various court . 
the . lane in the the a for drives outdoor man shot basketball game 
are three a playing <unk> the on men basketball . 
playing men play them back others and basketball blocked shot one while . are the in of three people the 
asian <unk> tennis serve an player a . 
a a runs to . the ball on <unk> tennis court player 
shirt playing woman white in is a a tennis 
returns . the ball a woman tennis 
running . player for ball the tennis 
dirt driving . track on and a blue race grey car a 
drag a person racer on a dirt . driving 
person on car is . a a lot <unk> race a with in track a 
. is car car his through the race driving a mud driver 
and through racing gravel is the vehicle . gray blue the 
his guy bike man the back a . another air on with by in the water the close his is in 's there and bike with 
the . the bicyclist course end near ride to comes as the day an ocean 
. and track a airborne bikers a water getting on skyline near 
grassy a bmx bike jumps . ramp the dirt rider 
bikers two jumping . a body of in dirt front ramps bmx water of 
in no the a . bike wearing and a shirt air a boy helmet on , 
a his background over with a going river in bike the man jump a on 
on . does high a jump a a bike very man 
shirt helmet man jumping in . a a a a the without wearing air , water , near bike 
a on doing woman jump a a bike 
a grass in muzzle wearing . running a dog big tan green 
dog grass it runs blue the . in wears as muzzle brown a a 
muzzle running on brown dog is green with grass a blue a . 
. blue is collar brown wearing blue muzzle and greyhound a a 
with blue is . in the muzzle the field the dog brown 
woods the biker . a in 
between cyclist bike making . a jump two rocks is his 
bike large to guy from rock a one a on another jumping 
man a bicycle . two jumps in his between the rocks air 
in sun person on . air <unk> with two bike large overhead above 
four-wheeler driving man a a . off-road 
an atv a jump makes road a riding a over dirt . man 
racer ground the leaves jump atv on a in . an a 
air bike wearing four wheeled in helmet a on a person 
trick the . does a the <unk> man on 
jumping is . a <unk> a dog obstacle through 
through a is a . flaming dog hoop jumping 
fire jumps light people a dog ring . of brown through while watch two a 
flaming dog jumps a through show a obstacle . 
dog fire tan a hoop is through a jumping 
their try and to . a holding man a hands opposite go <unk> woman 
hold dressed trees a well . and in different pull young directions in front hands couple of 
a green girl top in with a hat and boy suit . hands holding a dress young is wearing a 
man green suit hat whilst is hand black girl the . holding the each from in looking other the in the of dress and away the 
formal young hold attire in hands couple 
and <unk> girl in jeans and top playing standing a with tank field . a a blue green wearing white of <unk> the middle is 
is girl in <unk> green blowing top from a a dandelion field in green a the a . 
grassy girl a <unk> meadow a picking . in 
is a field in girl <unk> young a . blowing 
a field grassy girl in . a standing young 
night at down a person . a skateboarding ramp 
ramp skateboard rolling down a . a 
ramp a riding in down jacket <unk> skateboard boy 
skateboarding a front wheelchair tall someone down yellow building of a in ramp . 
ramp on the a is . sliding boy the skateboard down 
on and are man a rowboat . water sitting a woman calm a in 
while the a woman man watches a boat rowing . 
boat the by the the in being man . is woman sitting <unk> 
two in rowboat jackets in life a people 
people jackets wear life two in a . rowboat 
girls concert . of a a at crowd 
. a of crowd people stand 
<unk> the . girls watch concert singer the at 
a smiling a dancing huddle in group and people together group of . 
and a , screaming something of , pictures are people taking . group large watching 
a dirty in looking red grocery an front of standing man <unk> <unk> 
of <unk> cart full shopping a man homeless has . a 
is of leaning a suit <unk> orange and items wearing full a . shopping on is up man cart an older 
is scruffy front . filled a of shopping boxes man cart standing a in red with 
a of looking near full a <unk> carriage stands . <unk> man 
ball chases . in a <unk> a the grass dog 
dog a . fetch green field in a playing 
grass across a ball multicolor a after chasing the . dog 
chasing dog a the on after . grass ball 
white dog a green <unk> ball <unk> field through . chasing 
a . <unk> long of swimming birds pair 
. two on <unk> swans river 
. the in swimming swans water two 
. near the shore swans swimming two 
the lake swans two white in . 
. in in the standing a blue surf shorts boy 
standing boy ocean arms his . the outstretched with a is in 
child . a in water 
. water swim blue trunks wearing into beach the boy walking a on the young 
. come his crashing boy opens young the as him arms near waves 
gather group with wearing flags hats of men holding a . uniforms 
<unk> . stand <unk> a attention a at group at 
<unk> of in a <unk> <unk> a members 
men ceremony a in uniform take flags in part with . 
ceremony uniform flags in with outdoors gathered , , are . men for a 
bicyclist a maneuvers does 
flying biker the lands the through a after . on air ground 
. a helmet cyclist slope is driving in his a on down a bike 
red . a person bike on a 
an one over jumping a wearing . is obstacle biker helmet 
player on a . mound dirt ball the pitching 
the . <unk> a ball baseball player 
the a pitcher throws ball . 
throwing player baseball the . baseball 
baseball a on pitching mound dirt man . the a is 
a by some dog riding are and passing trees a a . in kayak woman 
lake a on kayaking is a woman 
in a person and one a dog kayak 
the person sitting yellow the are dog the and canoe . on 
sitting in her kayak with women yellow dog . 
a on . people walkway of group a 
of the on <unk> people a group a mountains through path <unk> 
scenic . day <unk> people on sunny standing are a around a 
<unk> at people of the walkway stand . uphill that bottom goes a 
beneath clear blue a tourists are standing a <unk> sky mountain . 
wall a into blue almost of a tires car race crashing 
car a the track side race of the . on blue 
track race blue . slides the a tires with car off its of back 
. with <unk> off its race slides hits blue rear the a white racetrack car <unk> and 
keep on trying car a course to the his driver <unk> 
the a it . running a stands while dog beach man behind and black white on 
watches dog a man on while beach a running the . 
man dog the with the running a camera background in a toward 
. background man the with the dog a beach at a in running looking 
on dog is . happily the beach running the 
boy . a outside crawls house a under 
stands the of a boy in blue in <unk> a jeans . <unk> 
stands on boy a . a bench black 
the is shirt bucket boy a climbing wearing inside <unk> a a black . <unk> of 
. boy equipment wearing is jeans playing little industrial on 
with black area ball playing a in a dogs . fenced three 
ball dogs orange three after . an running black 
field playing . dogs red a are three a in ball with 
with three ball dogs red play . a 
dogs ball field in three a run a . after 
black a kayak yellow man a sitting with calm water on floating dog in a . on is that 
a in with sits the water little . kayak person a their dog yellow on 
over paddle . her kayak a dog with rests a head in woman her 
dog a kayaking small with her woman 
with a woman kayak in . her dog a yellow is kayaking 
bike watches as rider a sits a and off fellow does jump . rider a a ramp 
trick watches man man a do . another bicycle a 
two trick . top ramp is jumping at bikers of one the a , 
two . do <unk> ramp <unk> on young men 
doing bicycles other two young on watches is the a one while flip men 
of table . in of at a sitting soda man sunglasses full various <unk> a 
<unk> table man with sitting a filled a at . is 
a wearing man <unk> of full table sitting . a next to sunglasses 
sitting other and at with hair of a soda drinks man cans <unk> five sunglasses table a shadow and is wearing brown a with and . 
with man of hair . sits cans young sunglasses by a brown soda and 
is water a of camera . a a from <unk> man of bald taking body 
with man a a body . lens water photos a is of long by range taking 
water on edge a man photos takes 's the . 
on that a a 's a tripod a into camera wearing <unk> top man tank 
muscular lake man with of pictures . taking a boats 
a a helmet . biker wearing 
through guy on goes bike dirt a . a 
riding bmx along bicycle guy a . a trail a 
a . man a of painting mountain trail bike on mountain a riding a 
bike . on riding a person a dirt is a road 
paddles behind red in a an . kayaker kayak as from orange approaches a kayak 
kayak red a water the in in . a man 
water a in man red paddles blue kayak through . a 
a paddling a man red kayak 
kayak , in paddles red man background . orange kayak 
stands a in on ocean person a boat . the 
a <unk> the in stands <unk> their on ocean . 
the in . person water is a with festival sign that world 
with on an and yellow a water orange is . sail a person out on there the <unk> 
yellow , water whose displays orange this , person an sail sailing and the board through is . 
of brown playing white and war puppies of tug with fabric are blue two strip a . 
a fight of two cloth dogs piece . over 
dogs two . leash tug a at blue 
grass in are . on the rag a tugging two puppies 
. on string a two puppies pulling 
<unk> to a . stadium is policeman a a outside man talking 
<unk> a to a man . talks policeman 
<unk> a a on surrounded policeman by . horse 
officer , . building a a brick <unk> front horse a of police on in stands red 
police horse brown to jacket a a man . woman on next a a in riding black 
on turn ground motorcycle the during . to his a touches knee man a sharp a 
yellow racer riding motorcycle . a motorcycle a 
. motorcycle on a a person 
and motorcycle turn yellow a . take rider a 
yellow the a . in and making turn motorcycle black rider is 
catches dog frisbee . a by man thrown a yellow a <unk> 
is man midair frisbee a a . a in dog watching catch 
a while people wall a a as watch . man by stands to grab leaps a dog on frisbee sitting 
frisbee catch that to . it a dog leaps tossing his man a to 
frisbee jumps watch a to catch while people . dog 
closeup suit water in the a at beach pink . a shallow wearing of a child young laying bathing 
a lays side water on little the . girl her in smiles she as 
in smiling the a . water laying swimsuit in toddler a is pink 
girl young . and three she pink smiles in haired a water swimsuit dark white lies in <unk> deep a as 
in smiles at girl little . , stomach on camera in swimsuit lies water 
man a <unk> rock a overlooking forest . does <unk> on a 
. a above rock strange high man trees some a in stands position a on 
rock surface dances tree-lined the person . along of <unk> a nearby a tops high 
a rock . dances on person a 
does a of dance of the mountain . on hiker this joy top 
a in street shirt boy a the skateboard on riding red a 
quickly the road a boy . shirt in a red skateboard riding a down 
the down on riding boy a street a skateboard kneeling 
a kid skateboarding the in is . <unk> 
boy skateboarding shirt in red the the is . 
an pool into in are inground jumping two midair . boys 
. jumping pool a are two boys into 
guys two into a pool jumping . 
into pool . teenage two leaping boys are swimming a 
two boys teenage a <unk> hotel jump into . pool 
people . the over snow lean in 
snowy very wearing mountain climbers . are two ascending a backpacks 
people mountain two . climbing a snowy 
. two , through , people heavily snow carrying backpacks dressed walk 
mountain snowy a along people walk . two of the side 
<unk> a snowy climbing in mountains rocky two the and through hikers . are 
two snowy behind with . mountains them walk through a pass climbers mountain 
rocky hikers a path snow two of . through <unk> patches <unk> 
snowy . mountain are up a huge two , people climbing 
. two a mountain people are up walking 
hands " with " of a young on their adults group , . smiling <unk> 
. at smile camera the for <unk> dance a 
event posing for at a picture teens crowded are a . 
good time . teens a having 
for make <unk> people goofy faces camera the . 
wooden dress little girl a by floor . yellow a lays surrounded flowers a on in 
yellow bright in dress yellow surrounded girl flowers by a young a 
a yellow lays . on the wearing young girl ground 
on sandals flowers the by yellow with yellow girl and . dress surrounded is a 
flowers . by the the <unk> dress girl surrounded in the on small laid yellow 
musicians to street girls the the dance 
dancing in of two girls skirts some are puffy the in . in street front musicians 
while are two them play . men women music behind dancing 
background walking two on women dancing walkway by in band a with the and pedestrians 
men , pass asking others music played women to in by money . fluffy them skirts two dancing by for while , 
rock a on <unk> formation . a the man water 
man wall overlooking a blue rock a the ocean climbing huge 
a a man rock the kicks ocean large near . 
stands man boulder near ocean a by . an a 
rocks water of emerging after the on . from a stands top scuba diver 
onto out of rock climbs ocean a a the man 
man <unk> rock . in standing the the holding on a and is ocean 
a beach man is a wetsuit wearing rock climbing . a a along 
water diver pulls and from . the emerges himself scuba a rocks onto the 
ocean the . while hangs rock onto out man in 
in a frisbee . catches front yard a dog the 
front dog in to . yard a a , playing car the frisbee next 
in a frisbee dog catches . the grass a red white 
a jumping in dog catch to white air the a frisbee . red 
. its in the leaps frisbee catch to mouth dog the 
bush . a and over trick wooden a a attempting a jump is building bicyclist nearby 
the air spins ground his in . above the a biker bike 
bike in a through air flying on extreme green the rural area cyclist an his 
a get bike . on a airborne person 
jumping person cliff hill beside off on building bicycle 
<unk> lot trucks a . are up of military a lined in 
a military . who by a are soldier line passing of is away trucks walking 
uniform a man a is line away walking vehicles military military of a from . in 
. army of line walks a vehicles a away man military from 
. soldier vehicles a line and them near walks up army 
bird flying in a air the 
low the flies . ground a to bird 
its bird spread with wings a 
flies down towards grass . hawk the a 
a its from , flying lines is hawk . legs trailing 
a puddle grass brown in a the . in is dog splashing 
puddle on lawn splashing a a through dog brown a 
running in . is sprinkler the grass through a dog a 
in from plays a a dog sprinkler . water 
puddle a . through in a dog splashing the grass 
pool man . <unk> the do to a into a is about 
water into jumps . pool a blue the man 
young into a jumps boy a pool . outstretched with arms 
dives pool the in swim . into boy black the trunks the 
boy the jumping pool into the . large is 
jumps middle of boy a a <unk> the in . the holding street 
a boy a holding street <unk> jumping he stick . 
front is sacks large tree by jumping in pink in holding boy a whilst of and . shirt white stick shorts a surrounded a 
his . shirt jumping sword is in a with white small boy a hand in a 
young jumps in a while a holding street . boy stick the 
air into . jumps <unk> japanese a the 
is air . a outfit in sword a in the swinging blue man a 
a in . <unk> dressed performs an pirate park as outdoor an 
. robe sword person a , the wearing air in a holding is blue a 
midair . costume in jumping man martial <unk> in 
rock by shirt watched in being is a a face white in climber red . another man shirt a a scaling whilst 
a rocky outcropping . man watches while a climbing another 
is from up a climbing man a watches him rock man another behind while . 
<unk> learning how another person climb rock person with a . to 
on people attempting small rock rock a climb steep but . are to two wall 
climbing in man a rock red . 
is a holding a . person to in a red natural formation shirt on 
try to up large climb a . men rock 
down rock upside climbing a someone 
<unk> two on climbing are an men <unk> shaped . rock 
a riding horse whilst lasso is a cowboy around spinning . a 
rope head , a riding a horse a swinging above his cowboy 
a in cowboy horse the . a lasso waves a air show at 
horse man a lasso twirling brown is above . his a a riding head 
cowboy lasso . to the bull prepares the 
left standing with the fellow two sitting his one to policeman on policeman motorcycle 
uniforms wearing bike his black on , cop . one policemen three with black , boots 
motorcycle policeman one two policemen . his and is on standing sitting are 
next to two motorcycle are . another standing officer police officers sitting a on who is 
the motorcycle two on and smile sitting camera standing for a . policemen one 
a running brown . dog grass on 
. backyard in the running in a dog fenced 
lawn a a on dog sunny running , green . 
the runs in sun grass through the dog . a 
lawn dog young across races a boxer green . a 
young boy stairs girl jacket a in . young a in and a are pink climbing a jacket red 
. top the flight the red dress colorful the stairs of following in a is girl boy the up in 
climb two stairs the kids 
children . from back climbing the and stairs young two seen 
. young walk kids up two some stairs 
a water dog in . treads with its the something mouth brown 
him a in swimming a . lake dog has <unk> on shining 
in while carrying its a dog mouth swims . a stick 
through hair a with . golden swims water dog 
. swims tan through water a very dog dark 
dress flowers with in her in . runs a girl with arms area grassy motion a white dressed a <unk> on small 
white a girl in dress a running . 
girl running little a , is outside smiling . while 
running girl a grass on young 
wearing a runs in the dress a girl grass . sandals and young 
dressed in a past building colorful woman in a wooden man is black a with japanese outfit walking . a 
dressed looking camera . in the lady is at <unk> a a 
people stop city . street on empty an two 
dressed japanese women traditional clothing two in 
the street . two dress japanese down women in walk 
uniform a with a in man purple next stands to . holding girl hair a a cup 
. hair with standing man purple military a <unk> concrete a female uniformed on 
stands <unk> woman to purple officers with smiling a . in man a next uniform hair 
purple with military . and man <unk> in a hair woman a 
with purple in man uniform near . stands woman hair 
water . and and splashing is white a in black dog running 
white and its though water teeth is black running dog whilst . bearing a 
the water a . through with wide open mouth its running is dog 
through dog running an water the . <unk> is 
black water dog . and spotted splashes a the white in 
laughing by a young women two . are trunk outdoors the tree 
are a . big two girls posing tree with behind smiles 
a . two around , laughing lean tree girls 
two girls a tree . mossy to next 
, laughing and a peeking two . tree around <unk> 
does the a beach . a boy on flip 
a doing a beach air boy the at flip in the . 
a on beach flip back the . a man doing 
a doing flip in midair along beach a the person 
back doing midair . in the flip is a boy beach a on teenage 
children the in . the water playing are 
<unk> in snow shoveling two . boys 
children snow shovel ice and melting two . 
two play with snowy plastic a shovels kids . pond in 
hats young two snow playing coats melting in wearing . winter and children are the 
shallow . dog water in a black 
its water a the has face dog leash on . a in black with a red collar 
into sticking dog water a the nose its black . 
. water a head in with his collar dog sticks red the black 
with head black its put a dog underwater . has fur 
kids some . in coat black a a next school to girl 
. a four are the teenagers steps some brick by of standing wall foot at 
at of to . building brick staircase the are a kids a attached bottom waiting 
<unk> outside near a . building street stand a 
brick outside congregate building teenagers a 
mouth . in holds a a water dog stick its in 
a a shepherd in running is german mouth with . stick its 
a dog is stick . a yellow large retrieving 
. a tan stick dog his holding mouth a in 
water is the stick dog yellow . carrying by a 
water brown by dog beach a is the running . the in 
. ocean dog in a brown jumps the 
a dog runs down brown beach . a 
is through . brown collar wearing some a running a water dog 
a dog the running . through water 
through ride area a people a wooded group . horses of 
. group horses people of a riding 
a of field riding grassy in horses a . people group 
. a riding group horses 
group white and people a horses . brown riding of large 
a man ledge rock . climbing on a up 
man climbs some . a rocks 
a wall climbing in a black man . pants rock 
climbing . without shirt man face rock 
scaling the is man boulder brown a large . 
colorful . girls dance in outfits 
in girls , , outfits a spotlight are . standing dressed multi-colored the in 
light girls colorful under outfits stage . are three in dancing a 
play young . bright in clothing a colored girls performing three in are 
are multi-colored a on in stage women . light performing low outfits 
<unk> . a <unk> blocking is sweater in girl the a 
the a <unk> by person sun 
's nose sun is the someone under . 
silhouette into in . of sun face front the woman 's she falls stands as the 
stands front the . sun outdoors of woman in the 
at a <unk> a paperwork in woman another front of desk 
woman while paperwork filling . a waits woman another out some 
paperwork woman a . at an event signs 
several women talking outside . are 
out a filling outdoors these are stand <unk> at women . 
a the setting bend , side behind . her girl the sun does a surf , girl another in 
beach the a gymnastics shore young <unk> doing into beach the is a while walking . of on another girl 
. two the swimsuits playing in are near seashore girls in water the 
on girls the two playing 
in of surf two and <unk> . , girls one shows the her wade 
dress bridge in a crossing woman a a is suspended . 
sky in dress orange with a very across her stone behind a . a an woman walking blue bridge 
stone woman a child across is a a . carrying bridge 
across in walking dress a bridge woman a . 
on . concrete skirt orange woman in bridge an walking 
a on . a child swing 
swinging to . vertical hard herself girl get a <unk> 
girl park in and with upside white swinging hair brown . is a a <unk> almost down little shirt a 
a swings in young . park setting a child 
young a down upside on a set girl swing 
men sing out of a group . young together 
three with a . , guys yelling guitar , 
men sing three embrace and . young 
while together sing young . plays three guitar the men one 
young in . celebrate people song 
a a at man a asleep desk room . in reading library 
with asleep while man table to his head falls listening a headphones . on a 
a sleeps . a man desk on 
a <unk> library is a <unk> . at asleep 
like are tables at sitting he one people <unk> reading looks 's sleeping man . but 
a with by pond owner their dogs playing 
runs a a two black with river along . bank dogs girl 
running of shore jeans person on lake a dressed dogs a . two the with in 
dogs two a young a with child lake run along 
dogs running near with . water two woman 
dirt up a kicks bike . dust 
a is man near driving dirt the bushes . motorcycle in a 
. in brush man rides dirt a bike the a 
behind a on is bushes some dirt . on a a turning track person motorcycle 
dirt as kicks up bike dirt the turns he rider . 
. a jumping dirt a bike man in blue 
bike on man a . , airborne a dirt 
dirt of . hill front spectators a on man jumping is motorcycle a over a in 
motocross flies a blue uniform a air . through wearing the rider 
on . in blue bike midair a a in person 
group . a boats of people towards racing shore in the 
people boats with of a . group race 
in . in drive the water rafts speed people 
watercraft people in the . play on ocean 
ski . people boats riding in on the ocean 
pink skirt and the a a sweatshirt and at dressed beach . pink in white girl waves the in plays striped 
white in along and the a beach runs pink dressed . girl 
dressed ocean . a runs to in the beach pink from the girl 
. coming runs away from shore in a wave a girl onto pink the 
that is small ocean to . in walking waves the girl crash next a the 
toddler is park trick in behind walk skate skateboard while at and doing a him . a boy two midair women a a 
is . jeans skateboarding wearing a boy blue 
a at buy . skate a skateboarding park 
a . trick skate in in skateboarder a a park doing 
tricks a does on . man his skateboard young 
a bike off a attempts trick dirt biker bmx . his 
is biker air . with dirt the his through flying a motorcycle 
tricks black on suit a a . bike and green a person white in does midair 
. gear trick with green does in midair in person motorcycle 
the man motorcycle high in a . performing trick a the on is air 
wrestler a ring falls the . outside professional 
ropes . over jumps the a wrestler 
two . a referee and wrestlers 
two referee rink with fighting in a wrestlers in the <unk> a 
wrestler outside of rink toward wrestler spinning fellow the . 
and them are by the behind people water boat the of surrounded , dock are a with the two . end on they 
the end looking two are into water out jetty the a wooden of . at people 
standing the a wooden two end dock of . people at are 
. , a people lake two onto stand looking out on dock a 
looking two a . dock lake great people out stand to a on 
mid-flight <unk> a bird . is <unk> in black 
ground surrounded toward flies . blue , a bird by the trees 
a is blue trees bird . the flying through 
through flying . is a bird trees grey the 
. wings white and with <unk> neck bird flight markings in on 
track car a a car white and yellow the . race down 
. racing car car white yellow a a race 
. the driving and a next spectators yellow and while car cars to white seen in can be a each on background track other 
race down a two cars track . 
grassy front road of . in on cars area a a two parking race 
black . mostly person wearing down a sidewalk the skateboarding 
a carrying riding . man and bags a young skateboard large 
a on skateboarding <unk> sidewalk is man . young a with black the large 
is man carrying skateboard a . while several <unk> the riding 
skateboard and is carrying on bags <unk> several of the person a different . <unk> 
pole steps . of sliding near down a a railing skates concrete boy wearing 
steps rollerblading is wall man beside down a some . a 
some <unk> . the steps man a to down white is next wall 
man on concrete . rollerblades down handrail a grinding a 
man skates . inline a with a young <unk> navigates wall 
a driven on track a is car dusty . 
gravel . kicks a dust racetrack speeds down a car as up race it 
racetrack car white on racing . race red and dirt a a 
the up dust and a white behind trail down it car . red away rally throws as drives 
around dirt the a goes track car it as dust trail leaves . the 
over fighting dogs . something two are 
tug on object a two doing dogs war of black a 
background in two over dogs lake fight . the stick grassy a on field a a , 
near the meeting two dogs 's water edge 
the tan , dogs and one on . two near the one black <unk> grass play , pond 
baby . laughs a 
curly <unk> hair with laughing baby blonde flowery double a of and a a curtain 
child small a curly being . with held is an adult hair by 
baby . laughing is holding is someone naked that a 
. bath its the baby enjoys taking 
by . path dog a surrounded walks on a trees 
a path fluffy on white and black running brown a , 
. trotting a along sheltie a is path fluffy 
open forest his through tongue out . , sheltie a runs with the mouth 
area in . black a and brown walks , down a forested path white , a dog 
yellow shirt and jeans in a on track running a . a is person 
a racetrack . <unk> runs <unk> on special a 
track . a a running on woman a shirt in yellow 
. a woman runs a shirt wearing red yellow track a along 
. runner on special the track woman <unk> 
man motion . in a a the and grass brown in dog 
is man with that past him a a dog interacting is running . 
the . the man near a <unk> in is his dog field training 
. dog man throw his object an to a <unk> a using to is 
throwing . man away a dog who object at is running a an 
building a near boy an in field . apartment a soccer plays 
shot prepares goal boy a to a kick 
kick a to runs . toward ball it soccer boy the 
to . a young kick shot a boy action of an soccer ball about 
player . a ball soccer runs for soccer a 
women walk . business outside 
passing doorway in women the by <unk> dressed a . asian street are 
women across walk courtyard wear . business three in a 
dress women walk three a building . in by suits 
building two a wearing walking . by dresses women are 
bike the with snow bicycler . to road rocks on a next rides his 
snow the near bicyclist . down road rides a 
. a a jacket man in rides yellow bike 
person . rides rocks a coat a bike snowy past some yellow wearing a 
during on while bicycle riding and winter a yellow a . helmet wearing a rider is the jacket road time blue 
the watch grass flower the girl hit and . a flower ring <unk> <unk> 
girl a <unk> flower ring while watches <unk> drops . the 
girl boy in field a after a little wedding a and 
young in a white dress a and a girl yellow boy suit small . a in 
there in girl a of young in grass field is dress a a a yellow . in boy suit and a young white standing 
the a structure being dog held with background a . a over harness tube <unk> in a water splashing on by 
a rope a a dropping on man board ocean into the . from 
shaped water while ski is man . suspended a that holding is like a a large above skateboard 
being during jump towed boarder . water a a 
waterskier <unk> in the off jumps background structure surface 's water , . 
light grass dog a big runs brown on green . the 
running brown dog grass through green a . is 
lawn across a lush . dog yellow green running a 
grass a through runs dog . green yellow 
dog running haired long on a lawn 
boy a the coming . pool of out 
the a pool and boy . a man swimming in are 
father son swimming . and 
swimming . are a pool in and man boy 
are the man swimming child and . 
boy cliff ocean jumping the a is . into 
from rock a while is others jumping ocean into a are the man watching . 
man jumping cliff . a water a off into 
off man a into rock ocean jumping a the of large 
cliff off the of . as into watch a person jumps below a others water 
an the a bottle girl water in . trampoline air tosses empty on sitting a 
air in water the bottle girl a tossing trampoline sitting a on a 
trampoline a small water sitting a and is on tossing a bottle is lady . 
. bottle a on in a trampoline the tossing mini woman a water sitting air 
sitting small a trampoline lady on sunglasses a wearing pink is . bright and young 
around the two ocean woman climbing rocks 
the ocean over to women rocks climbing are . near two 
the front climb of top rocks two ocean . on of in women 
suit on two . ocean at rocks bathing women large the in 
rock . climb <unk> two in ocean women bathing suits the by 
on , one . <unk> men walking a sitting , and <unk> one 
walks . <unk> gun toward a another one boys him on sits as boy giant 
monument military green on grassy out a fields walk . two over boys 
of top people cannon are . two a on 
are cannon walking tank . long on people along a a two 
two and dog . dogs in black and a <unk> mud brown the white are 
three the play dogs in sand the . 
field in are playing dogs three a . 
a dogs playing rough in are three sandy . field 
wrestle three a chase dogs and . together field dirt on 
of and group stand before a adults . wall kids two graffiti a 
group of standing graffitied people wall a a in front of 
of stone in <unk> wall a individuals . in <unk> covered six graffiti stand of front 
of wall front are a people with a . picture six graffiti posing in for 
and young graffiti some a by man woman . with pose boys some 
watch white shirt along skating others a skater in a while is a . track woman 
roller woman derby uniform . participates a a in in grey 
wearing a helmet a rollerskating competition in woman is . a 
with photographer gray . skates black a and past the woman helmet a safety pads 
. gear the protective wearing is athlete 
a mouth on to with a red rope shaved his in man is head . holding a something and 
man head in holds stands and . river onto a a rope with shaved a a 
in water . holding person rope <unk> a onto a and is 
current river woman against a holding a a . rope 
<unk> holding in rope and guy in with something white water his red striped mouth 
is his a wet <unk> around ocean swinging . hair in the long haired 
swinging the to water haired water <unk> in a a <unk> . head the long man in his is spray 
a hair his his in man . a into making a rainbow water back throws long <unk> water and of the <unk> quickly lake <unk> head wading 
the . person water in a 
a flips around water hair the all full and her woman . water of sprays 
. running dog are a and a black black 
dog across grass white a the dog a and chases black bigger . 
dog . grass the another chases in one 
. in the two brindle grass running dogs 
. the run two grass through dogs 
a throws . the watches pitcher red baseball and a teammate his while uniform in white ball 
leaning mound pitch . a his baseball pitcher into the on 
a at ball a a game baseball pitcher throwing 
is to catch base . a a is shirt a ball and pitcher with red near a throwing his waiting teammate 
baseball by by sign being in a jerseys played . red " men two is <unk> " 
is of about pack woman an <unk> elderly . cigarettes a to smoke 
green middle on holding of stone a . eastern cigarettes wearing step is sitting box a a woman 
cigarettes pulls a in an scarf of woman orange . a from a pack <unk> 
<unk> woman long stone by a head holding structure her a cigarettes a wearing and scarves green on cigarettes and dress pack of <unk> a a of . 
and with . woman and green <unk> dress concrete red holding steps sitting cigarette on headscarf 
crowd . with white yellow a scene people native and clothing in 
festive in gathered a . outside people of building outfits dressed group is 
wearing many the . in street yellow woman stand 
of bright yellow feathers costumes and white in people dressed 
. and wearing streets the <unk> people through march costumes colorful 
a on a . horse riding jockey course is 
horse on woman a . a 
racing a a . horse on woman 
horse brown riding a girl helmet with 
shirt the a of the . is horse blue rider brown wearing 
a barn green on a in a boy of wooden playing is swing front . 
green structure a a a swings boys . wooden swing outside old on 
swing a air green rides a boy through the a barn . in near young 
alongside wooden boy an . old swings a young building 
next the . to boy the barn swings 
shoreline over flock a . birds flying of a 
a of sandy birds <unk> flock the . beach over 
flying at . a flock the seagulls beach of 
is beach flock the off a from seagulls taking of . 
. flight a while sand the stands on group black of take bird one white birds 
. swings are on children group playing a of 
. next man swing children is shirtless a two balancing on a to standing 
topless man passes who a children playing . are swing four a on 
a man as walks kids on with no a playing . are swing set by on shirt 
a boys on up standing yellow swing swing set two 
the others distance the in a leads two . while bike way on follow his man 
a are area several wooded riding though bicyclists . 
through ride pathway <unk> woods three . cyclists near 
bikes the their forest fight on men terrain . mountain three 
woods mountain in bikers race the . three in are a 
boys a play basketball . of together group 
. <unk> a basketball makes try other players player to as to shot 
basketball the <unk> some are a teenagers for . net underneath 
are people outdoors . these basketball playing 
blue under basketball playing a two men sky 
earth plane a does to as down it heads . <unk> blue 
and yellow airplane air flying is . , blue through , the red a 
plane yellow in , <unk> a and air a . the , does blue red 
<unk> colorful a it trail <unk> plane behind of leaves a . smoke 
plane tricks the , the air trail leaving a behind plane smoke doing a . in 
are black move a and dogs towards dog dog white more white a them black . playing and two while 
the dogs . on and baseball edge , are black dog field and two white a a dog of playing white a , black 
the . dogs the baseball at field playing are 
grass . running near the the a baseball , are on field dogs 
baseball run play on the the and dogs . field 
a boy skateboarding 
skateboard off . man an a his orange with ramp jumps 
a <unk> off ramp skateboarder . a 
skateboard doing a stunt person 
is the watching skateboarder the jump a complete background man . the in 
a blue . dogs bed on a of dog <unk> pile 
blanket . puppies four blue on a sleeping 
puppies four a take . spotted nap 
sleeping four a and white brown blanket on blue together are puppies . 
together middle four the . <unk> blanket in a puppies young of 
. with the on white playing couch bottle baby are a puppies a 
puppies three beside baby are couch a a . bottle on lying 
laying with three mouth with open a , a . its milk couch puppies one of on wide bottle 
bottle milk a on . a next three of puppies to couch 
couch puppies a on play . three 
<unk> edge the on they of barking are the as two ocean play 
waves an on two jumping are . empty beach dogs with 
two on playing dogs . beach the 
two them while brown behind and the dogs barking waves white roll on shoreline in . 
them running two ocean along . dogs a are the with and white behind jumping beach 
dogs with dog waves . white and a the with two them crashing brown running behind on seashore brown 
two , beach three run . object on with dogs <unk> playing 
a and tan a large white . along run red dog beach one two in collar large dogs 
one and dog tan white racing the dogs the two down beach and tan water . near 
white dogs running . brown along and dog the light one two beach 
at air trying a him a in ball <unk> the . to thrown boy 
. a kids of group <unk> playing 
a basketball soccer . a court are in four ball kicking people 
playing on four people a ball court . 
the gym playing are <unk> in aged school four kids 
. pose costume a the with girls for purple two dressed camera in flowers hair their strike in 
posing are <unk> . together two 
wearing and are and costumes facial . expressions gold purple two different showing woman 
. in outfits two posing women and are dance gold purple 
two are bikinis posing <unk> women in 
walking is through a . in girl a large a puddle pink jacket 
playing wearing puddle while coat pink in girl a a a 
in pink <unk> . rain girl a wearing a splashes coat 
coat puddle girl shallow water pink walks a a with . of a young through 
through coat . is puddle and <unk> in wading pink a a pink the girl 
hat a box in man into a a reaches black . 
hat touches black box . a in a cardboard man a 
black . a a box in with a man hat , cardboard 
a a cardboard opening . box a wearing man hat black 
a is box man opening . the 
a down grassy two rolling hill children 
in laying grass . the background and in the the above with legs a people ground two building 
hill a people rolling two grassy down 
people a . down hill two <unk> grassy 
boys . down roll grassy two young a hill 
near deep swimming several a is . water through ducks dog 
some ducks also a swimming are dog water where in some there swimming 
three . a dog swims deep in ducks water near 
near a . dog swims ducks 
swim dog a a lake ducks three in . and 
the boy through runs puddle a . 
a . a in boy splashing puddle 
. a outside running large through is young boy puddle a 
young boy of through . a is puddle splashing water a 
young in boy . water playing the 
boxer wearing black is gloves who grey gloves wearing boxer . is the kicking the 
men . are two <unk> 
. boxing boxing a men two in ring are kick kick 
kick boxing men two . 
two <unk> <unk> in a <unk> . ring 
<unk> girls <unk> signs little in bright you . costumes holding that 
bright . in <unk> cards <unk> colors three are holding love women and 
signs in holding love three you colorful costumes women . i 
women that are " in holding costume love . you <unk> i papers " three 
costumes " hold " elaborate cards in three love . up i women you 
<unk> a holding frisbee , it part frisbee of a a . around team each 
frisbee . their a hold of fingers people group a with 
on a . a people fingers of put their frisbee of group two 
hands . frisbee on put their a people 
with children frisbee <unk> young <unk> a on the several their of white 
. swinging <unk> brown-haired this smiling boy tire while on shows a boy picture and a swing 
at two in park a are and playing swing children laughing a . tire 
playground a in . share a swing two child 
tire are swing . swinging two kids on together a 
. kids swing a tire two enjoy 
for . waiting holds game bat at the a a the boy pitch baseball 
game baseball a batting a little . boy in 
to at uniform bat young game and boy baseball . is white up a a a in blue 
baseball . plays boy 
and blue white , wearing boy about uniform , hit . to yellow a baseball ball a 
the side a man skateboarding of on steps 
a light a while man railing a on . him slides shines down another 
down night taking someone railing at a person . a skating of picture a 
dark down in . a skateboarder rail slides stair the a 
<unk> man young stairs near a railing a some down 
flaps duck near . its a water the wings 
water while a flaps out wings . duck the in its 
waving it wings as the water . giant out is comes its of a goose 
goose its a . wings flaps 
his large is wings the . near the water goose flapping 
smiling but woman a and . are camera man a camera at the is the not for the woman looking 
with looking around woman is the at arm posing a camera who . looking man for is photo away his a a 
his arm man a around woman a . with 
around arm a man woman his . with smiling smiling a 
woman a for and the brown-haired picture man are . posing 
with dog . is a a in man water some playing 
with a dog pond person in a shallow plays their . 
dog marsh in a . wet person and a 
dog is . water person with playing standing there a in and 
up dog in white standing is in the of the front person . water jumping the 
sand brown . digs dog in the a 
brown dog dirt a digging is in . the 
collar with the brown in digging a sand brown dog a 
dog a with collar brown digs brown a . sand 
a in the dirt is digging dog hole a 
an a , man dressed speaking as microphone indian a into 
to a his . stands instrument at microphone play ready a american native 
<unk> indian an . full in dress 
speaks wearing indian <unk> 
. front an <unk> standing the of man feathers dressed indian the is microphone in wearing 
american a . instruments a under band plays tent native 
in under with shelter instruments <unk> native dancing . dress 
, performing banner background in american in people costumes native . 
. american dressed some musicians in playing are costume instruments traditional native 
<unk> . three musical instruments dancing are playing and 
a . on playground equipment plays child 
a . in is on park a hanging a metal bar girl 
playground at happy from child equipment camera dangling a . the smiles 
a a girl jacket in little to sweatshirt holding . bar a on 
sweatshirt from metal in hanging child bar grey 
jump with tank his hits a in bmx red bicycle white man . a a 
park a man is red jump . in a making and black a city bicycle skate 
red bike a top jump a . tank man a wearing white riding a is along 
a bicycle a a off wall a jumps over young <unk> bench man . 
riding on . cyclist slope a cement 
bicycle . red in on a a wearing air shirt a the hat and man jumps no 
bicycle shirt on his a does man black and trick wearing a red no . 
man doing wearing very red clothing a on jump a bicycle a little is . 
woods . bike jumping shirtless a man the in a 
bmx man a his jumps . bike shirtless 
fallen behind his rider another the is on sliding has rider and bike is motorcycle . a off while driving ground racing 
guy on racing dirt one bike ground 
fallen one on motorcycle on person a . who there and person is ground has the one 
racing ground person one is on and on one person . there the motorcycle a 
on , motorcycle one a his without . track two racers motorcycle 
the of horses a <unk> women multiple riding of group flags while holding 
and <unk> <unk> the <unk> <unk> flag flag the waving 
on flags . people several carrying horseback 
flags and at american horses riding <unk> two the rodeo a carrying women . , 
the an . in women carrying and riding <unk> are <unk> arena of <unk> the horses flags 
in standing sand a boy dressed clowns man rodeo and a as 
rodeo an he a rope . ties dirt around clown as older in the a sits rodeo clown 
something the in clowns looking rodeo at . distance are two 
. clowns dirt on two are the rodeo 
adult an their . <unk> young , two and waiting , clowns one rodeo one 
<unk> other try him cowboys is off . tossing to several it a bull a rider while 
being off a during man a rodeo thrown . a is bull 
bucking with a four rodeo in bull men a 
. head shirt man off in bulls purple falls 
people rodeo a three wrestle bull at . with a 
a guitar outside playing woman the is . 
front guitar and building of a sings a in woman grass with . a 
in playing is a guitar a with woman <unk> field a <unk> 
woman young structure an field a near a old . lifts in wooden song <unk> in her 
rural singing a in the guitar a while . scene girl plays 
of is body a <unk> through over at family looking a city water a 
city a at look . water across the <unk> 
<unk> at standing are a skyscraper <unk> while one fence looking city . a looks through people filled three a at 
look at buildings against . and people a across the lean water three railing 
across . water on people standing at the looking boardwalk buildings three 
a in is background on tree standing guy the with fallen lab dog a a . trunk 
a tree . a ground has a to and are dog fallen standing man over that the on 
fallen tree top of on dog a something yellow from for his a watches . <unk> man 
trunk a standing watching a on dead his dog . man tree 
the tan trunk bare man tree a a with climbing standing in dog background a over 
girl dogs with black in standing 2 pug a is <unk> a 
two with shirt pugs leashed set with black a plaid pants a and wears . person stands 
a two woman smaller for pug holds leash with mohawk a . the dogs 
a dogs woman walks with hair . two colorful 
a with two hair dogs leashes purple has woman on . 
up on feet skateboard a with down a . on hands and is his boy ramp his a 
trick ramp skateboard a does a on . a man a on 
up a holding ramp rides with a himself arms a . skateboard man his up 
a wearing jeans on skateboarding down falling white and a a . man shirt ramp blue 
on man is a shirt jeans white skateboard blue wearing a the . and 
clown a arms a broom raised with both holding . 
hat people cowboy clown raising in a his of is in a arms a shirt colorful and crowd . 
clown before man a audience and is dressed . a performing as 
a purple is man a . to clown crowd hat a and wearing makeup cheering 
clown holding at broom . people smiles 
horse bucking off gets that kicked is cowboy a a 
riding , stands by was horse on is a yellow the a the his from while with . hand <unk> he thrown cowboy flag 
is man . a off at rodeo a thrown horse a 
cowboy <unk> kicking is hind at stands legs its . whist another man up watches the the horse 
brown men two horse in attire into . <unk> a kicking air with the 
<unk> outfit an <unk> bull cowboy <unk> a white . just a in off 
a bull . from a being is brown cowboy thrown large 
a a off man bull at a show falls rodeo . 
rodeo in . a cowboys participate 
a try . bull rodeo at a men to <unk> 
. a watch rodeo is cowboy a <unk> in bull while hats a in others man 
. one up a the with on air hand in a bull is man 
bull tossed gets air a cowboys as a rider by into fellow rodeo the black up look . on 
the bull getting while riding in thrown man air 
a red flying fence of is front in off the black man full in . the 
through leaps dog field a . a snowy 
. a a tree dog covered near through , snow runs ground 
the big in with a dog distance runs . through tree snow a 
grass by dog lone through tree races . 
furry behind . with him is a brown tree the animal walking , grass the in snowy 
on plays a stage a clothing . in man fancy guitar a 
the in under the playing background lights with . man a people a guitar other 
round a guitar a plays . woman by light 
. in playing a guitar dark man room 
man guitar the played the band in . 
stick in shirt man a white a swinging a 
white walks holding . a shirt grass in stick the a man tall a in 
in a is a carrying a walking stick field . man 
a stick field his a man in with left hand a in 
throw a to preparing near course golf man stick 
man off a surfboard of . his falling 
black wetsuit . a rides a wave a on a surfboard in man 
a surfer balances in wetsuit . board his amidst on spray a ocean 
on back leaning surfer surfboard . 
wearing . riding surfboard is wetsuit a a and this man 
. pictures a surfing of <unk> <unk> 
man rough water a surfing in 
splashing yellow on a onto a . is up surfer surfer water surfboard another 
a on <unk> the the that . the by brown <unk> surfers standing two has other splash man large surfboard 
. people surfing and splashing are in water three some 
white dirt a tan black along . dog is and and running dog with a gray 
dogs woods are . into running the two the 
forest . dirt run in the path down two a dogs 
running the woods from the away two in dogs camera . 
dirt a two forest dogs on run near a area . 
during and . the on official ice a of a hockey one players game group stand 
referee match hockey left <unk> on 
ice . the from referee teams are hockey a different players together several and on 
and several the goal standing skating near players hockey . 
there and <unk> hockey of <unk> near game one an . , a players with ice is the 
skirt bottle a <unk> woman a short street as down a holds in and pedestrian walks plastic a with traffic she . 
a middle a is the the road down woman . of walking carrying bottle 
of side the highway walking woman a down . a 
traffic a yellow line walking to . woman parallel against a 
woman city down . a a street walks wearing jean a skirt 
wings flies with the through a extended air . bird 
a beak a flying white and yellow is with black . bird 
flies . an through eagle air the 
ground almost . to eagle an the low <unk> down 
the the . flying is low ground to eagle 
his kayak man . of falls out a 
man a is kayak flying go his . as paddles his falling out of 
. his and falling boat of out man kayaking paddle <unk> the 
the falls man while paddle the water flies kayak and tips . into his his 
water man out the boat his . of threw in paddle air into the fell and the and the 
a trees moving . past biker quickly 
. is a bicycle guy his on 
his a man the woods through rides bike . 
mountain head . a bike man a with a riding shaved 
the a black gloves while bike has <unk> man riding . wear and a 
standing two children asian on . cement 
smile two . children 
two wearing colorful . are next <unk> to each other walking children 
children two with the background . in adults 
young smile two outside boys walk . and 
while in . dog playing leaps black air a the outside 
background fence white and with . plastic red a jumps dog small black in 
in midair dog . a small black 
dog bar jumps small a . over a black 
person <unk> black dog . a , jumps the a through air it while small 
into . arms boy a mans jumps the little 
of a a blue in the young jumps boy man cap a arms baseball a into . shirt wearing 
cap a and is 's jumping shirt blue boy a into . man arms in young a 
an . a height into of arms young a man from the boy jumping 
the 's arms jumps man into boy young the . 
and cups man a woman nearby another man holding with . a 
a a in to to a another next cup a in hat . next stands a hat man yellow standing woman holding man 
woman <unk> in two men . hats outside with a 
adults cups three holding plastic . young 
three young . an at beer drink party outdoor people 
two asian jackets with pink standing tree a girl by 
on lean soda pink drink from a tree bottles in . coats and two girls 
two girls tree in pink stand with water . by jackets bottles a 
girls one a tree two by holds . , bottle a stand cap 
in against leaning tree are . two large purple a girls young 
. dog catching a a ball 
dog white in house to the next jumping up a air a . 
white . mouth dog on with a a in ball its standing hind its legs is 
his dog yellow a stands on hind legs . 
hind on ball building mouth legs background with , stands in . in yellow dog 
a brown is . rock running a on dog 
running . brown a dog 
rock . brown a flat dog across a running 
its runs on serious face a a woods the . with look brown in dog 
reddish brown . a running dog 
soccer children an adult playing looks on while are , . 
uniforms yellow soccer green after dressed a and soccer in children run ball 
neon young while man children play three colors in soccer watches 
chase a three wearing and blue ball soccer grey after uniforms children soccer . 
players three . the soccer go ball for child 
jogger a a robot hat wears . 
jogs in . long a a robot man race in distant a costume 
head . runs his backpack wearing a and a a on box shirt with no man 
no in head shirt and with runs a a . a robot race man 
a robot his helmet and a marathon shirtless is on the runner male wearing head backpack looking silver . 
racing . a his motorcycle guy 
track man a racing at on is . a motorcycle a 
the its a wheel in air rear with motorcycle by . a goes crowd 
motorcycle . a people watch racing other while person riding 
ground a spectators motorcyclist watching a around track . 
<unk> . <unk> ground roof of appear to people group in from the a of of be couple <unk> a 
the stone ground of breaks . on up workers team a 
tools with <unk> working the men <unk> . are several 
<unk> . break <unk> the the to using men are 
breaking in dirt front workers with . of up <unk> <unk> <unk> 
in doing is trick a . boy a the skateboarding air 
high jumps above boy . sign a his a near skateboard 
and pink sign beside flowers jumping boy skateboard 
is skateboarding . he 
the is front sign . a black skateboarding the boy blue in the in and air white flowers of in and 
basketball a . boy dunks a 
low a dunks basketball boy the by a road hoop on a . 
in hoop a make . jumps boy a basket to basketball a up 
goal leaping . basketball boy for a with a , the 
basketball in dunking is . a a boy teenage the hoop 
a hands 's person picnic another a sit <unk> on 's feet girl , and table a drums . playing , boy 
a ' . a of of group picture feet <unk> 
on of the feet . and it and , sitting legs a cameras table on two people wooden cigarettes 
on table cameras people a drum and sitting are three along a with two picnic . 
. a bench people on three sit 
near are of the the that children large water . pile sand next a is to 
boys are wet two playing in the sand . 
play boys sand the in two 
the playing skinny with two in water young . sand boys 
sitting the and boys in sand . in young digging two water 
waiting ice of in group stand an cream line . people at 
giant , decorated . of ice with cone group place cream two , outside <unk> 
day outside on sunny an gathered guys store a ice cream . 
. cream for sale has ice that people outside summer shop an <unk> 
people standing outside of an ice cream stand 
a a shirt has purple girl . her white in item hand the and 
the holding a is ribbon purple lady . 
asian . woman wearing white three 
in nearby are and tree building . girls elegant a posing outfits three a 
woman cloth holds together a stand two . purple one and 
dog runs and of in . flowers field brown white a yellow a 
lawn . dog running a a a brown lean at across 
spotted through runs dog grass a flowers brown yellow with of a field 
through brown dog the field the . runs 
and white tan is the field . the dog in running 
running dog is . a landscape across a black rocky 
cloudy rocky a running under sky <unk> a ground dog black is blue . 
rocky a dog terrain . a along walking black 
a dog , , through rocky grassy . under black sky cloudy blue walks a landscape a 
a dog rocky on terrain 
the gets kayaker . a in rapids wet 
paddles rapids kayaker boat the in a green through a . 
a helmet in is with man a . canoe rafting green in water a black 
water kayak a green . through man one paddling the in 
man this is kayaking in <unk> . 
the has are and water a in . the one white girls two on shirt 
. girls two in playing waves 
play in the two . girls surf 
. the two waves in children laughing play 
a them as girls the small wave beach . two laugh hits at 
three wrestlers man young a is to <unk> a <unk> sumo . 
award a sumo <unk> an wrestler . 
standing sumo and wrestlers an three to young <unk> listening 
man attention front an three ceremony at at . stand award young sumo a wrestler the at in students microphone of 
reading an from <unk> . before wrestlers a sumo young <unk> man stand 
snow a spray of punching a with boy . 
snow , a lean throwing man the in mountains . young 
snow a shirtless . punches boy 
punches shirtless snow as . selling young he a <unk> if man was 
a a in without the . snow boy on young plays shirt 
dog . runs a the <unk> earth dry 
. white runs dog a the beach shore 's along 
a with dirt eye path . patch dog , his on white brown running is a a on 
dog with a a path brown spots on white running dirt 
the road the ran white . dusty dog down 
dirt . with runs the brown trail a on mountains the camera a dog background in towards 
the mountains through with dog a in brush the camera background runs down rocky toward the brown a trail . 
mountains a dog . in a trail running the on 
along path beautiful dog the is . mountains brown behind him walking with dirt the 
trail a up yellow is dog . running 
by with shop is . a garden <unk> a <unk> waving sitting owner shop being 
inside camera farm waves a the . <unk> greenhouse a store man products of a to from 
waving grey <unk> the middle plant shirt man of wearing a in a a 
people a for . <unk> greenhouse <unk> at 
plants at products farm of <unk> store . the 
dark . a on is man a in skateboarding the ramp 
person air on skateboarding while a a in trick skateboard performing is a the . 
skateboarder a the of trick on bowl a . <unk> a does 
. a skateboarder to the of gets ramp top a 
a bowl grinds night skateboarder . <unk> a at 
two a . from play of teams group in men sports in a young grassy are field <unk> opposing on uniforms 
someone men . the from team three opposite tackle 
uniform wearing black yellow a three man the same and . are in red men uniform blocking another 
to ground the <unk> opponent . players a team three 
to black ground red pulling in . are in strips the rugby three players player the 
and dressed and between holding man . red a uniform in white yellow them a man another dressed ball a with sticks sports in uniform a sports floating 
hockey the yellow is red the in player player . in the ball challenging for 
hit . attempt to field hockey a players with two ball their sticks 
two play different in hockey jerseys men colored . 
men two field playing hockey 
man dark is silhouetted partially object and leaning a . against a 
leaning man a pole a on . 
post leaning baseball a . wearing man against a a cap 
against tree a . man the leaning is 
is a pole phone man wooden to standing . outside next the 
a group . down track a horses run race jockeys of carrying 
. race horse a 
during on race a jockeys horses . 
race their horses on the while track on dirt them the riders <unk> . 
race , a in around a going are there and . horses riders horse track 
a . woman and man kissing a 
of woman in . and crowd front people a a of man kissing 
is kissing . man a woman a 
the a young on in . <unk> kiss couple a while crowd sunny background day a 
a kiss crowd two . near people 
a man motorbike on racing a 
a a a rider curve motorcycle fast . track around drives on 
red the and on with person wearing number <unk> a is racing a it uniform motorcycle white . a 
is . red white around being ridden racetrack motorcycle bend on a a and a 
around the and races white track . <unk> number motorbike red 
large leans robot a . against a man 
work a are art brick under building men large standing by of . two a 
under robot . giant to are what a be standing looks two men 
standing a . feet sculpture two the of at men large 
of men brick standing two a a metal wall near in structure from . 
high a a biker makes . jump 
stunt on aerial a a an doing man bike . 
on a . performing a a man bicycle jump 
soaring ground and bicycle a jumps a wears in over lake front . of the person on , skyline helmet a a and 
. making a jump with bike high is his the cyclist 
black dog . a in water 
of beach a rocky standing black water dog a in area . on a shallow 
<unk> in pool a dog stands a 
small dog ocean the the rocks in background some with in black a 
in small a . water black dog plays the 
. looks a as a child another on camera child uses 
girl to . taking is little a photograph standing girl another little next is a who 
small a boy girl camera a small and setting up 
while leans a . sister taking child the on picture wall 
standing against tripod a in a behind a shirt camera child on one . one the wall shorts black beige with and child 
on with baseball throws a pitcher . <unk> ball the his shirt 
a the baseball on and pitches player ball , , glove black in with . a a orange shirt and 
in male a a catch tries a baseball to dressed sports . outfit 
. playing a man baseball 
the . baseball the running ball player is after 
blocks goalie in the puck a . hockey a field game 
. a makes goalie <unk> <unk> an 
. lacrosse group at of night playing a men 
on . shirts on a five men field playing a with sport multicolored 
ball the . hockey the <unk> for out reaching is 
object water the an holding a dog . orange black in 
an holding toy black a is its . in dog orange water mouth the in 
. in with orange his black a dog mouth water is the in something 
orange an a lab fetches object water the of out puppy . black 
playing in a wet dog with water , a toy the . 
blue is a <unk> on sidecar and wet . being track a motorcycle 
vehicle man off races . another hangs man while in the back small a a 
a man <unk> racer in in a the black a a on suit blue street car 
road . wet back on on hangs while man racing 
a people . motorcycle on two blue 
has man him his woman a while stands wide with next to mouth a headphones . open 
set earphones of large a excited reaching couple black an for 
<unk> a and woman . man are headphones a by 
the , man holding . headphones man looking surprised and woman with 
next <unk> man woman a very to holding looking standing . outside headphones 
together a group . of dancing people 
wearing and while colored dancing <unk> clothing multiple people around are . 
colorful people hats and dance shirt in outside 
. outside hats are in people 
faces . at looking expressions are wearing on caps the surprised with ground their two are men 
man kiss and . a to other each about a woman 
to . about and foliage with in nearby woman are blue a kiss red in man a 
they . face arms in other is a into as each back a leaning woman look man the 's 
guy kisses girl 
is man a woman with dancing blond . outside the 
grass person reaching in a . man laying shirt is a red another to out the on 
a outstretched man his arms with the lying . in is grass 
. a man the outstretched , on grass , to lying another hand arm 
another person ground out stretches his a man the to hands on . 
a the grass someone reaching on for . man 
dressed a man blue colorful in fruit front a in of and standing <unk> stand 
a , colorful <unk> outdoor people in and , market with flowers <unk> . 
a while person air path open by cane in stand person blue in another the market with walks flowers 
market an at people outdoors shopping . several 
<unk> <unk> . around market and looking fruit in a 
black on holds floating while to . swims him while dog blue on child woman nearby a a a raft a 
swims on an behind . raft people inflatable dog black two blue 
a a . inflatable in two the water blue play people and toy dog using 
a with black trailing water behind people in swimming two . dog them 
on two people black . follows floating a while dog swimming a 
a leash one with children blue dog six . stick a with and a petting , , 
on . dog petting a are a of group children grass the white 
of a around outside white dog gather a the children . grass on group 
with playing a dog a of children group 
white children grass blue collar and with pet group <unk> dog of on . 
through small a dog at barking fence a . big a dog 
fence at white and white black a smaller barking and brown dog . through dog the 
fence dog through dog the looking at the is the . big small 
is . smaller larger at dog the the barking dog 
with fence a between them fighting dogs . two 
him a boy a in a behind with beach playing ball pool 
plays boy <unk> a around a young in . 
play pool children . inflatable an in 
the the in <unk> as boy he . <unk> pool 
nearby in pool . with children beach floating two are a ball a 
crowd bike across hillside jumps a . a their watches bicyclist while a spread 
dirt onlookers watch a while biker . <unk> 
jacket . in tricks and white does his a a on helmet bike man 
on background the people dirt is midair a man bike performing in a stunt a watch while . 
jumps watch spectators mountain bike . a his as bike racer 
the orange rescue across . water boat <unk> the 
an boat in orange ride across water . the two men 
in an orange raft men two boat 
in . men through jackets two life orange water the an <unk> speed in 
orange an two . to men ride raft shore 
a pushing baby . stroller a crowded down red swimming a beach in trunks man 
baby carriage on . a a in pushes a beach the man 
a baby with little stroller ahead . boy the man , a a beach a pushing at woman 
with . the stroller fat on a man beach 
pushing beach in along <unk> trunks . man edge stroller baby swim of 
trick jumping . a on man a a does skateboard 
a stunt man pipe a , a doing on green skateboard half in shirt . a 
on watches a while the crowd skateboard a . man 
a skateboard sideways . is in air the 
jumping in shirt the wearing air skateboarder a green and a 
on racetrack race control car a out of . spinning a 
race the a on track . car spins 
and sideways turns the . smoke back black car the out a silver car race and blows of 
a a racetrack of on . control out silver goes car 
down the the grey track car <unk> . 
a pool is man goggles swimming the in in . blue 
blue , goggles and man a with wearing yellow cap . and swimming green a swimming is 
pool in the doing <unk> a . swimmer a 
butterfly in a pool swimming swimmer a 
and yellow is wearing and green the goggles . hat a swimmer 
and dog white toy . and a has his black red in mouth is a jumping 
on dog . its its a whilst legs is red in standing hind a paws outstretched with object its mouth carrying 
with mouth a object red grass is another path <unk> a in its smooth a . near down dog dog and 
red mouth a its toy dog with in a . 
dog something mouth with in red 
three black grass the through . muzzles dogs wearing race green 
leaping the three up as in a in air race compete dogs they . 
on three running green the wearing vest dogs grass are . 
muzzled . the and three grass through dogs numbered running 
muzzled . three black dogs through race grass the 
comes a down <unk> hill a around him ; is <unk> a bmx racer 
down dirt rides biker . a a trail 
a . blue riding a on is a man bicycle track in 
biker . a <unk> hill is bike down his on a mountain 
mountain biker mountain on a a air . blue bike time gets 
sunglasses wall of circle a front a skateboard . on with a in stands <unk> guy 
. the sun a <unk> on wall skateboarding asphalt a while over is man 
on skateboard man a a 
skateboards white young , sunglasses shoes black man . black and a pants in a top with , 
in wearing that wall <unk> like skateboarder looks . front a shades of 
a man playing fetch with is . dog a 
a fetch ear with a a man dog <unk> with with white black playing 
for a tattooed dog . a white a up with man stick jumping 
in . after jumps white air stick a the dog a 
thrown dog for <unk> jumps an by the object . his white 
is shirt red girl the sunglasses tank the and black sitting . top bench the a to with in girl white next on a 
a people bench in two . the shade sitting on 
sunny people a sitting on a bench park on two day 
a on two . bench women 
, black one sitting in a bench two . in women on one are , white , 
of steep the a that climbs a man up a . side river rock overlooks 
cliff overlooking and rocky climbing man water a . steep is a 
. on is man rocks climbing a by the water 
ocean a mountain side . man is climbing the over the of a 
man climbing at ocean a rock the . 
of water the trees with running a couple in through background the dogs 
pond small are two running a through dogs 
one river in is a a dogs making play . , splash two 
dogs the through run trees near water . two 
in standing dogs lake a . two 
children in play at of a the grass park a . group 
kids outdoors game playing ball are a . of 
with flag lawn on and playing nearby parking lot kids a a . 
to with three near . american an playing children flag are balls 
playing three with kids on a lawn balls 
puppies a man holding 
. a puppies holds two man 
a person newborn is holding puppies two . 
by of human pair being a two puppies . hands newborn are held 
newborn hands white held . two being by puppies 
a little boy dancing . a woman and 
to a the boy holds man of teaching a in studio him hand , dance dance a . 
a . dance and to a <unk> red in group how of shirt boy people little sneakers 
two dancing and is the while red lady brown little shirt . jeans in the with in people the the look on blue boy shirt 
boy dancing background in a person adults . little standing two another while the with 
bike rock the dirt a . rider across rides 
rider area an takes rocky in trail a <unk> dirt bike a . 
being ridden . over motocross bike is rocks a 
of camera with holding a . the a around rider motorcycle background person in with a all trees path a on rocks 
on riding . , rocks over motorcycle a rider 
a concrete steps poses family . seated on 
staircase for sits . on picture outside a a a family 
a on outside group people the steps . sitting are of 
and in the . steps of a smile group people on cement sit woods the 
are five . seated these on people steps outdoors 
running . a boy a track ball soccer while stands a holds next to he 
ball is boy and a a . outside red holding blue soccer 
a background <unk> soccer a ball young soccer a the carrying large boy in with 
and boy a ball a is blue soccer . holding young a in red shirt green 
young there uniform is . soccer in holding his up a , ball dressed , kid a 
with others , background , a the boy him . ball a in a hits bat , while outside watch 
hitting red ball bat while grass a . a running man a with in 
ball hitting a man bat with a a young . 
grass plays . field in baseball a boy 
playing man , hits cricket ball . the red 
is large who chewing blue dog . at smaller rope looks a dog a a 
a large dog a small watching dog 
shoe a large small dog to chews dog blue on . a next a 
the the dog . white watching the is string brown dog chewing blue 
with . dog small the rope large one play the watches 
into reflection dog stepping the . is sun a towards out the 's water 
. wading a is in dog the water 
water dog the wading a into 
dog <unk> . walking through the a 
the . a out off water and is reflection casting sun dog walking is water the the the of into 
light a a body large jumping forward photograph toward a with and man screen . is his <unk> 
behind a white a tarp . a light man towards with jumps him 
air in a a room through in step . it a , the falls with person ladder 
person jumps photo toward in light studio . 
is sneakers jeans light towards the off large white there in and . ground a person jumping a 
sitting a a on a waterfall grey man in a rock of front t-shirt . is in 
grey in man from a waterfall a a sits . watches rock and 
a man sits a watching waterfall . 
. person sitting beside rock a a on waterfall a 
at a woman sits . waterfall a staring 
a an <unk> in . <unk> <unk> landscape hiker a barren 
an middle desert empty white in of a rock hiker . the passes formation a 
near hiking and with a poles of man two large <unk> a backpack a . white pointy rocks 
. with the a upon on objects looks backpack a ground white man 
rocky of slope them in with person white a hiking up objects front . 
carrying a in <unk> girl dress a short looks purse silver at a food . a in 
a a bag with a at food large silver woman . counter stands 
a silver food a . with <unk> woman bag 
. counter a handbag woman the waits a line with lunch silver in at 
display with silver case looking in a . <unk> a woman is grocery a 
in a in the sand volleyball a man shorts hits . bright 
man a colourful a to in hit . shorts volleyball up reaching 
pink man blue a sand wearing the yellow on and , shorts 
a in game man shirtless volleyball volleyball . beach a during colorful a <unk> shorts 
serve leaps volleyball beach the on the man the . young to 
to boat sail a ready on are set people getting 
a people equipment . boat on carrying 
sail set three on a . to men sailboat prepare 
on three of are <unk> . a diving equipment the boat deck people 
people riding a . blue and on three boat white 
a carries boy the <unk> a beach . on 
black sand is boy a across the a board carrying . body 
. boy on beach a standing a 
a black carrying a cushion . in kid 
young <unk> on boy sand . shirt a the wearing a 
of friend . on a the his is back man 
jumps . mans a back another on man 
white park horse near around in guys a . the shirts 
a do men two in park trick . 
game two teenagers the are . in park wrestling playing 
jumps a his man . man leans black over white on a backwards back as 
back his . a man up holding another with 
back over another with touching a man of his in <unk> man midair that 
mans back flips hat . man one over in a the in another grass 
two . people outdoors play 
front . of in men street around in dressed clothes a building two horse 
jump together building men a outside . two of around 
. grass outside jumping on the two men 
the around two . <unk> the union men in front grass of young on building 
men jumping grass running <unk> and a . on by are the in brick two building young 
he as boy looks <unk> falls a . in sand the 
bare chest . sand <unk> onto a the from boy of his <unk> 
boy falls . open young on with falling sand when is a back his him mouth 
his some young a on chest boy sand thrown getting . 
the boy . the in is playing sand 
. a man down handrail grinding a 
a people skating of of man group a front . rail down is in a 
down a sliding boy skateboard in distance is , far . a handrail the his 
skateboarders stairs on some . 
the in middle the man is down of the . skateboarding steps railing the 
jumping ropes the . is off wrestler an opposing top another wrestler onto 
jumping . hit his the of is ring to a wrestler <unk> off 
the is ready a wrestler jump another . to on outside ring wrestler 
one outside ring professional the . wrestler leaps onto another 
. men are two wrestling 
field a a . group players on of a chase ball 
men . of group young a a sport playing field 
hockey . three <unk> men on play young green <unk> 
the chasing . lacrosse young sticks ball men three are with 
. teams of men field from two a young <unk> play game hockey indoor 
for dropping baby a reaches water 
in <unk> small bath the <unk> boy . covered a in 
and young bathtub the plays toddler bubbles a <unk> in . with 
. the smiling bubbles child ear near their has 
. is tub <unk> all splashing in toddler the with over the water 
a street cart the a of <unk> down group shopping <unk> one , . with 
alongside leaping the <unk> people another one cart away and . camera group a pushing four of a shopping , from 
. a a cart people of young a pushing walk one , street grocery down residential group 
walking and shopping a one in down jump to people the . street trying cart is four 
a walk street shopping , one down young sunny a four people pushing cart 
. water plays a dog the in 
the runs dog a . water through 
dog swims in . a water the 
the a swims tan through . splashes dog water as he 
<unk> in water the dog . the is wave a <unk> 
surface <unk> high large rocky at is . white on a a a dog 
. white a hillside a dog walking rocky is on 
white a mountain of walking is dog on top . a 
to in , on white dog something turns . <unk> mountainside sky background face 
dog front blue of in on white standing rock sky 
a a skateboard . his wearing is helmet boy jumping 
on . skateboard off a jumps the sidewalk person their 
doing a sidewalk on boy skateboard tricks little on the . 
jumping skateboard the a is . boy the air through on 
. in there kid a skateboard tricks on a area rural is a doing 
a . rides and red motorcycle man a silver 
driver a race by during speeds a motocross . 
an motorcycle <unk> a racer in on <unk> . a soft turn motorcycle 
a red riding a person a around . motorcycle track is 
. riding uniformed a rider is <unk> motorcycle an 
steps his cyclist . with sits a some bike on 
helmeted on a steps . bike on sits man them nearby , a and graffiti with 
to bike the next on his man sits . a stairs 
a with building bike a . <unk> man his amid 
. man <unk> next sitting bike to a with 
women sitting . <unk> of on the a ground 
native group the floor in on women . garb a of sit 
others sits her head woman a staring at the 3 in no scarves . with expression with with camera 
down sitting . people five 
robe . with women blue woman and with <unk> other is sitting 
another water runs dog a the a while at beach across . follows black 
of a pair in black the . dogs runs surf 
the in dogs surf run . 
water the on running the black the . dog is through beach 
beach dogs waves two black on splash . through a the 
off a . in skateboards ramp covered graffiti a boy 
. skate skateboarder skating a park <unk> in is a male 
. , on skateboard by does graffiti jump a man a a surrounded 
man . <unk> a does a off trick stairs skating of 
stairs a skateboarder skates graffiti . covered down in 
white running a brown dog . with its field a and is open <unk> mouth 
white and flowers brown dog a in . in yellow covered a running field 
running . toward in field camera dog a a the 
dog eye a on through meadow his . running while spot a with a 
. patch a in grassy covered a his brown eye through over <unk> white runs field dog a with 
on a players team group of together are a posing . 
team a a for . picture soccer poses 
. a wearing soccer posing team together red 
field on team . a the poses sports 
background . in sports crowd field with poses team on the 
. standing women a front a are of in building of group 
, girls other stands with one street points in gown woman a white across a dressed up the . 
five in one child a , stand holding , dresses . women outside 
four the street of a something bride a them at in distance women stand on while and points one . 
black out bride dress and lady something hat old to with . points 
african holding american hat a in an baby . girl black 
lady girl a holds of with with flowers little a crown a black . a hat 
after a holding wedding a woman baby a 
on young woman a its flowers . holds baby with head a 
red on holds hair head baby a her . black with <unk> a woman wearing flowers hat the 
up a a . it <unk> and tree on kids bunch climbing are of 
. climb a children tree 
tree posing in children a 
children eight making tan a tree faces in 
children laughing in and their . tree with hands , a their several <unk> on are 
in <unk> with background snow midair lone the snowboarder jumping covered a a in 
is in on something climbing orange man a pants . 
old building an off . a jumps snowboarder , snow-covered 
the is some <unk> building of of someone type off top . 
snow is jumping snowboarder covered height the . a from 
a a , fishing a deck man on sits from . break taking 
, sits behind looking poles edge , man the him fishing out a . of a <unk> on 
poles two him edge sits on the a behind with . fishing man a bench of wooden 
poles fishing is next hat in someone to a two yellow . sitting 
a poles rail fishing two the man is on . sitting wooden near 
riding a gear bmx trail muddy a down protective wearing biker . 
a . a bike helmet man on fast in wearing a black <unk> mountain very 
the dirt his a through rides woods man bike . 
a person on dirty bike a in rides the woods dirt . a a helmet wearing path 
a . dirt a forest races on a rider bike through 
horses and a with jockeys five five horses 
. racing on a in horses race horse jockeys 
track jockeys race horses around a on . 
a during jockeys horses ride . race 
racing the are people . horses 
together girl a are standing outstretched with arms woman a . and young 
woman in a and of skirt t-shirt green white over <unk> the arm t-shirt younger her shoulder orange woman and in has a . a a skirt 
orange with a woman arms with a shirt a outstretched green woman shirt and an posing with 
standing , posing for together a picture girls are . two 
. two together woman skirts wearing and smile stand 
their grassy racing down and jockey horses blue a . in in a a are jockey <unk> yellow 
blue wearing jockey yellow out the hat . <unk> the a jockey wearing 
, riders two horses . the race along track with 
. one riding in jockeys in blue in yellow race horses one , two , a , 
horses jockeys race two 
a protective through is biker gear cliffs . with riding countryside in a 
down cyclist biking path . a steep 
biking mountain . extreme downhill 
a mountainside is down the grassy riding biker . 
face riding is man the with grassy hill down full the mask a 
tools and a man <unk> inside two holding are . women a greenhouse 
with . people a <unk> tools garden greenhouse 
a in three green . house people 
three work in adults young a greenhouse 
. two at a <unk> hands the an and women standing unfinished camera in with greenhouse smile man their in 
camera a <unk> for couple the funny pose . in 
couple <unk> a in posing 
in and a blue hair in brown orange a . man woman are , with , hugging 
man . woman wearing while a hug and <unk> young 
the . orange woman black wig in in man wig the with the poses the 
. a standing white dog grass on guy and 
small dogs a a outdoor event an their woman walk at . man and 
dog white stand <unk> . is in a to show small on dog a hind legs a its man 
show small on very jumps older outdoor dog at a dog . man , an an 
small tent walking are a <unk> dogs people near . 
a a sits with woman outdoor cafe dog . in an 
a her woman and an table outdoor at cafe sitting dog 
an and a sit outside dog people to a cafe woman walk near . where at eat is 
dog at for . a food restaurant <unk> some <unk> the 
two dog passing looking . is at that restaurant look them pedestrians at a the 
is park . a a blue a skateboard t-shirt on a in skate boy airborne in 
on a riding ramp skateboard a boy skateboarding a 
a on skateboard the and a lip a of kid above a in . a attempts trick shoes blue bowl shirt blue 
skateboarder a pool . swimming riding inside a 
a on blue shirt skateboarding wearing a young wall graffitied a man 
black hurdle and . jumping over a a dog white 
dog a hurdle runs beside . while over a it jumps a person 
dog trainer hurdle followed . leaps a its a by , over 
black to and a a woman as over next . running it an obstacle in white blue jumps dog 
leap . the the over post to dog attempts 
studio in the a band 
group of a . music musicians are <unk> 
instruments men three posing . with 
a . a studio booth for musicians photograph three in <unk> posing are 
musicians in . <unk> a three studio 
and in helmet front red a man wetsuit a in a of . wall 
front man a and helmet building a red of walks in wetsuit . bright in a 
in man a gear . scuba walking is 
up a into gear with go the is to . diving ocean man <unk> 
gear <unk> a . red past a walking is wearing while man building 
while white dog water a . shallow catches a in standing green ball 
white of jumping a . dog out water is up a the to ball catch 
white catch tennis a the jumps dog to a ball . in water 
. dog a catch a out white to ball water of the jumps 
catch ball the dog to tennis a a jumps water . out of white 
over jumping and dog yellow a and red brown , a white pole white 
. a gate is jumping dog over a 
dog over hurdle a jumping a . 
. a hurdle over jumps dog a 
large over brown red jumps hurdle dog 
films man no . pants in while and a man skateboard another it doing shirt trick blue is a 
another while a skateboarder <unk> it . a jump man <unk> 
on picture a skateboarder as ramp another . takes trick a a does a guy 
skateboarder a jumping is step being . off a photographed 
park near a skateboarding are two at house a large . young men 
after play swim children small two . a 
in bathing young boy suits young . girl a and a 
. suits play bathing in children 
each in are other hugging children swimsuits two 
in . two kids suits bathing hugging 
biker sand deep and riding a is dirt through dirt . 
guy . motorcycle a on the 
person in a event rides a a motorbike . <unk> 
. bike person on <unk> track dirt a a riding number the sandy 
pile riding motorcycle through . dirt of man 
a a . skateboarder , a ramp on scene night onlookers of with 
a a skateboarder on . ramp night at 
a jumping skateboarder a ramp . from 
front man one a . crowd skateboarding of is in 
these stunts are . night at skateboarders attempting 
track shirt mountain blue a boy . a biking catching is in on air and a 
a path lone a . trick bicyclist a jumping jumping along bike 
ramp green on bike on man tricks a dirt a a . performs 
in air water body bike the a on a near of a is person . 
a near the bike person water a through course rides . dirt on a 
horse a over rider . a jumping and hurdle are 
midair jump bars jumping a on a brown . over horse rider in horse 
equestrian a . an horse a show at jump clears 
a jumper fence a horse his is on . show clearing white 
horse a woman a jumping . in attire rides riding 
trees . a man and all with him is standing snow around on mountains 
a standing in background mountain a the man with in snow 
a near standing a mountain man range 
stands a . a snowy a next hill on man mountain to 
man stands mountains snow out at . <unk> and looks on a and 
both at off stands sailboat setting up looking the sun . girl with a hands and a 
is shore standing a man like the bird the ocean . a posing on of 
looking person . a image 's performing while the pose at a over <unk> sunset water the 
person sunset over arms her a raises . watching water the 
as at sun the . arms setting a over out the looks her raises she woman water 
the a in baby pool splashing air . a water in 
in droplets hands water sits with water up his splashing . small a , boy baby 
a water toddler shallow a sits in catches pool droplets . of he as 
. a a water of young boy catching stream 
blue . hands while in pool water its <unk> baby plastic onto sitting 
to a . pool opponent her a yellow over a person the in hits net volleyball 
volleyball playing . water are people 
in . pool people volleyball a water play two 
ball a . playing with and are two a a net swimmers water yellow sport 
in water . a at swimmers two play polo net ball a pool a with 
and girl ice cream she bench that a . eat has can a her so by <unk> bike 
bike a ice is girl a to bench with next eating sitting cream on her . a 
a girl hat with with a sitting against is outside bike a the . table table on a leaning 
a girl ice bike cream her little near eats . 
a young cream bench eating metal . girl ice bike sits her a with on 
ramp trick a a . child a does off skateboard 
. , young haired surface a long skateboarding stunt a does on skateboarder a bearded 
a ramp man a skateboarding up . 
trick performs a off a . skateboard pipe a <unk> 
air the into ramps his . with young man skateboard a hair long 
with a brown dog . a baseball in mouth its 
a his baseball mouth a holding . dog in 
dog a with . in baseball a his mouth 
a the . brown dog in mouth has to ball the next swimming its pool 
dog a mouth . has ball in its the 
woman outdoor an and a . man a masks at festival wearing embrace 
dressed dance together . woman and a up outdoors man 
audience people two an out . acting front a scene of in 
. two people dancing in masks 
. garb embrace lawn a crowded on in middle eastern people two 
bench a metal turn . nearby by and attempting a picnic is dog a object 
bench next dog white a . a running to 
big white grass . in running the is dog the 
grass . the dog running the around in is white 
dog white in grassy collar area with in running fenced 
is a beach boy hat wearing on white . the running a 
sand walking blue . is shirt wet wearing through a child a 
little is wearing hat sand kid the . in walking a a wet 
. boy in a small standing wet hat a a wearing is on sand beach 
running the shirt in blue . sand the through is the child 
field . brown a dog a in 
into while a staring grass standing brown . the dry is on distance dog 
standing a dog brown . middle the a in field huge of 
looks dog dry right grass stands the the long a in to and . brown 
in . brown dog the is dry standing grass a field 
stick through his swimming a . dog in a mouth a lake with brown 
. with brown a a swimming stick dog 
. stick dog swims holding in a water the a 
stick dog with mouth swimming in a its . a 
its stick swims dog with a a in mouth golden 
on dressed in black surfing a . blue large is man wave a 
water man rides . blue and surfboard a white rough through a 
. wave tries ocean pull to and up in catches himself surfer nice the a a 
is . a wave riding a surfer 
rides a waves surfer . the 
of dancers . <unk> clothed photographs taking large group a 
of in takes . a picture and a red girls man wearing a shirt dresses feathers 
a a with taken in is . people his man dress having courtyard picture <unk> in 
. man costumed photographs a dancers 
a his takes performers of . man friend a picture with 
at a a man on <unk> skate park 
a a on ramp rollerblading man 
a performing is trick . rollerblader a ramp on a 
does a young tricks on man . ramp a 
of of a man view . ramp <unk> a at in rollerblades grinding top the 
man in jumps . the air a surfing while sky 
performs stunt a . a waterskiing man 
a <unk> a air lake jumping . the in at high trick a 
a background a crane wakeboard above person on the is the in a water high with 
in . green air the a waterskier above water high the 
or a along dog and grass small the a white running brown is white . dog in side black 
dog . black chasing a a brown one 
the dogs field green the . run in 
field . two a dogs running through 
field dogs . a two run through 
dog over an a black . and jumping white obstacle 
and striped black a white and white red pole dog a over jumping blue , 
, white dog a . jumping hurdles is blue red over , and 
during white a over obstacle course grey . dog jumps and an a bar 
large hurdle and black jumping dog white 
dogs of a . a in standing river group 
in large body group water . dogs walking a of of a 
in . play creek dogs 
in a six river dogs . swimming 
water the dogs in there are six 
a is pink a . a holding in standing court a basketball man basketball in shirt 
basketball on male court . a a adult stands young with a 
shirt something wearing basketball shorts guy leg on with holding black red a left 
man outside red basketball stands . holding tall and in black 
basketball a hoop . the red in and with shirt the front is a holding basketball man of is 
pine . people the trees park cricket back in the in , playing 
on cricket playing . people a field 
. cricket adults a nice some on day play 
cricket playing . white in some men front are building a of 
on . the together men the lawn stand out 
another green a dog dog who has chases brown brown . a ball 
running , are green two one his black ball in dogs a . has mouth in grass the 
grass two a . with are on dogs playing brown toy green 
dogs . a two field brown run through 
. run brown dogs together two 
shirt pink a blue . headband child smiling and a with 
and a in a headband pink shirt purple girl posing 
. a a and purple pink wearing shirt is young headband girl 
shirt purple . standing girl young and with band woods hair a a pink the a near 
young headband <unk> shirt girl pink wearing and smiling 
haired . a drink blond red and together and sitting a having woman a 
two beverage . a are sitting drinking women <unk> down 
from . women green two drink bottles 
drinking from . they as green women bottles sit two 
. a whilst two drink below women sitting platform 
trying both to dog animals . dog a over the are same another as catch ball jumps 
. dogs a ball playing two white and black with 
air the jumping one dog in dogs is the playing second , above . dog two 
after terriers tennis in jumping ball a two a park 
dogs in a jump white . area and fenced play black and two 
people . playing singing a guitars and group of 
play of group and a sing . instruments people 
guitar with people other singing with three girl 
women group a one of and woman three one . of is guitar plays singing while man a there the 
man sing . a <unk> the three in woman and out microphone their 
city people down crowd are street of a a walking . 
a near around . a walk a the corner group brick people building 
yellow a front building in group of of . stands people a 
gather outdoors people together . 
building . a walk brick near people the 
. waves girl the rides a blond 
in is small black a beige person . on a a surfing surfboard wetsuit wave a 
. small is wave ride attempting a to woman a 
a . on wave person surfboards 
. lady wave a and is riding the surfing 
. with chickens rubber two little a boy playing 
a in suspended holds a toddler chicken rubber air 
young . boy walking the a in redheaded grass 
chickens onto holding small hanging rubber child . 
rubber chicken boy is the its on on feet with holding balls to eight a 
in two . chasing runs dressed in dressed away a him man men black from white 
flowers policeman . two runs holding from a man 
<unk> dressed <unk> in . men white <unk> man <unk> a as 
. man follow officers two while in white a runs 
men in . white man chasing in black 
laughing woman guitar playing is a . while 
in guitar . front of a with a woman microphone smiles a 
standing of smiling . a in in women two front microphone costumes 
on stage women next are microphone a to two . a smiling 
stand guitar has . women one a and , two microphone a at 
. band performs a 
. a microphone woman behind a stands blonde 
and playing an music singing old woman . 
singing guitar foreground and performing the playing and in . behind others woman her a three 
people woman guitar <unk> and <unk> a singing three and an her . playing 
on a is black in action . a grassy dog area 
on up the legs standing dog while grass back . its is black jumping a on 
the jumps a into lab air black . 
up its legs on . dog in a a yard hind <unk> 
yard is <unk> . black something dog the on the in 
after a . a race trophy man holding a 
a yellow holding up silver man a . in trophy a is cap 
driver a race car holding . a is trophy 
trophy gets a <unk> . a 
man in up hat trophy yellow holding 
a parking <unk> backlit . a over cone skateboarder 
does . boy a skateboard at tricks <unk> 
an jumping man a cone . skateboard a orange on 
of . the in a a silhouette air skateboarder 
jumps traffic skateboarder over silhouette a orange in cone an . 
pulling green rope dog a a black 
the rope on green dog in black pulling a a grass 
a black dog . rope on <unk> a 
. a pulling rope dog a 
black . a dog tugging rope is at the green 
wear <unk> group . a people of black 
them are , <unk> a , group of standing . people around of wearing hats 
men woman . as wearing a black walk street a a hat past on is smiling other man and 
standing men are in crowd of . hats black in people a 
walk the on men hats . wearing street 
over pulls boy boy back . other 
boy back on <unk> his . up another one boy 
one another lifts room inside back on his , child . a 
his the the is back boy . in the shirt on shirt in the holding red gray boy 
back to up holds the back . two as one boys other are 
the three beach on water . are running dogs in the 
dogs the three ocean . <unk> 
a ball three chase surf thrown <unk> dogs . into the to 
walking of shore dogs three . edge the away the on waters 
water are beach playing . at the large dogs the three in 
a shirt in stretches and . a sunset the black in headband woman white 
near the woman in at arms her stands the air water sunset a . with 
<unk> woman by ocean at the stretches . a 
a woman beach at . stretching sunset on 
background and in sunset woman lifts arms ocean in , shadow young . 
. on children a swing are tire the 
play large . swing bowl three shaped in children a 
swing round ride children on . while another three the watches grass from a 
children large . a swing three on riding 
tire swing a playground . swing smiling a in at children three 
the big a dogs . black in and log meadow the are brown carrying 
dark walking holding grass stick dogs through the two colored large are a . both 
a of dogs two stick <unk> large wood 
a of two a field in dogs . toy share <unk> 
mouths a . tree two walking grass branch in their dogs through tall carrying 
a swing player a a baseball taking just stadium . at 
catcher swings <unk> a . as bat and baseball a watch player the 
baseball catcher batsman a wait to the him swing for behind a . and about referee is whilst 
a watches game in . an black <unk> baseball 
takes player . a swing the baseball 
of wooden a metal holding . group a are frame floor a over people 
frame of people a group together . looking a <unk> metal working with 
with a <unk> white making of pattern group people woman a sticks a . young in 
are metal people several gathered frame . a stick or there around 
of . star large <unk> woman showing students is a to young 
plays girl <unk> a . 
about girl a tee a little a baseball hit off to 
a <unk> girl in pink shirt a swing . at little a takes a 
girl . a is little baseball swinging a at 
game girl a ready young bat tee pink a shirt at swing in a ball to gets 
next woman man bus a to on . sits a a 
on bus one a back of the two in seat people sitting . 
sitting during the on people are nighttime <unk> . two a 
the sitting at . nighttime on two bus are people 
photographed a two being sitting behind on people bus from 
in . big catching ocean a surfer a wave the 
surfer a . through a wave going 
a water in and surfer . foam 
crashing surfer rides . waves the a 
but big board his the a wave <unk> surfer . catches on 
of of inside building sitting a a group people several floor the on 
<unk> <unk> of hall group a sitting a . in 
school a the . sitting group hall teenagers of in at 
a . room wearing costumes wait people in 
the wait the <unk> doors . inside 
. biker a jump a clears dirt 
series bikers of jumps <unk> dirt a . 
dirt racetrack at bikes a airborne get . 
motorcyclist the the course . race on 
background bikes people two . several with in people dirt jumping ramps dirt on the 
the from a high in a hangs ropes building next air to person . 
the a air person left building is in with the to flying . him of a 
person bungee jumps a . off building suspended a a <unk> by 
<unk> a through tall the a near flies building . air 
off building tall bungee jumper a the . jumps 
of digging are in men . group <unk> a shovels with 
four men shovel what . like looks sand 
. wearing men snow shorts while shovel 
sand . with men shovels shoveling white 
, two shirtless shoveling four are , . sand these men 
. team sports a up outside lined is 
posing african soccer teams a two . for picture 
teams posing . two soccer 
barren , <unk> teams either field of two up side playing line a a on 
on two a line in a teams field . stand 
shirt a in . is blue a a laying blanket on dog superman brown 
a brown . superman is a wearing laying down shirt whilst dog 
superman " in on shirt sleeps " a . a blanket a dog 
down is . t-shirt lying a dog wearing a 
a on on shirt dog brown a . blanket blue sleeps with the superman 
people older sits an . man several and stand 
straight . ahead looks hat an man and a sits in old 
an old man . looks at shopping people 
man wearing . staring a old the distance an off into hat sitting 
. a profile the of with an a shot background this in newspaper old hat blurred boy in is man people out 
bright have shirt and the backs camera orange with to people . crowd their black a with another a of lady in lady a 
<unk> group a . people <unk> doing of large 
top a the in to sit man black backs tank woman camera a in orange . their and an a shirt 
to shirt sitting black a woman the in a next back in woman . view of a colorful top a 
backs the camera . two women to with 
his on bike rides a . man rocky hill the a of side 
biking black path . a on a rocky person backpack in a 
up a person in a a . purple riding shorts bike mountain 
a mountain approaching <unk> biker <unk> 
<unk> this person riding a a bike on . bmx is 
bicyclist doing a jump . a 
jumping . lone helmet a bicyclist a wearing concrete a ramp graffitied 
park a a skate performs a bike in covered man a trick graffiti in yellow on . 
doing biker in . a <unk> a air trick the 
has . bicyclist the the both wheels off ground 
green , dog a a brown on relaxes large grassy light a walks . while in brown dog field smaller 
. a long a sits white of field next to large a dog grass brown dog small in 
with him dog dog the smaller grass a lying in . a next to large 
a dogs <unk> together . field two are sitting in 
dogs in together grass two laying 
picture taking a plaid curly woman in haired . outfit a a 
taking . professional a large picture a with camera a woman 
woman in a the while . using a street camera large standing 
woman with takes a camera lens very a picture . long with a a 
red telescope . a woman hair on with the using street curly 
children smiling <unk> with 
children wearing . paint face and smiling are three 
three paint . children wearing together pose face 
three with at pain children face outdoor . event animal 
that have painted their kids three faces 
. white on the dressed an image laying table a coat the paints in on a child paper 
. with paints using a colors different child <unk> 
child <unk> small a 
hat wearing white <unk> a reaches for . child a a small 
white the painting . little is with and shirt the white hat girl 
high in the a his man a air over . bike blue park rides 
midair wearing blue man and in riding a a bike jumping blue 
someone airborne on turquoise is bicycle . a 
the boy doing on his bicycle . through , the air stunt , a is 
high air a the bicycle the in . man is a trick performing with 
women dance a flag three before . 
dancing three women . in robes 
three dancing in women . dresses 
dance near . <unk> a three in women flag large 
wall women flag a that <unk> is front of . dancing three hanging a in wearing on are 
outside with . ball playground boys at yellow and a are green four a 
with next them a of to ball . other kneeling in boys four front each 
and a . four black boys a basketball with on top yellow green 
boys soccer ball a a young four green with in . park pose 
their a on with boys with . are four ball there playground smiles smiling 
are three chasing the all players field . ball hockey the 
three men in . a cricket field playing uniforms on are 
<unk> hockey participating a . game field men in three 
three in are a field a people chasing game ball . hockey 
opposing . wearing against team another are same male the the athlete two playing athletes male on uniforms 
flight a flipping off boy skateboard a down a going stairs of 
a a leaps stairs in over skateboarder . city 
the down off skateboard as . jumping boy stairs goes it 
, trick stairs on with skateboarding open air . 
down a jump . stairs skateboarder the does 
to her down something . bends paint underneath a girl 
plastic cup ground a and the paint a brush holding in . painting is girl a 
the a road . paints girl 
a <unk> little white painting the girl . 
. white a paints girl little ground the outside 
at net a baseball . thrown is volleyball being a 
a baseball whose head a by boy . been <unk> has 
into baseball a a hits . child a net 
a baseball a is a . throwing into net child 
boy through young <unk> baseball a his . a a net with face 
a in pink . the through hot air girl leotard leaping is 
gymnast . a <unk> through the air 
girl jump leotard pink a in young wearing midair a 
<unk> . gymnast stunt a in look <unk> a a group girl red on of as 
gymnast red wearing outfit . the jumping a is and 
in the a doing backstroke person outdoor an pool . 
pool next person . a to a table some and a chairs in swimming 
a pool <unk> in swimmer doing a 
backstroke in pool doing person 
. the their swimming in on is pool back person a 
man with has while standing another a drink to next man . hands up his a 
man crowd young young beside beverage can . a a another man stands a holding in 
jacket of the brown holding the behind is wearing man can cigarette beer him a the . man holding is and a 
men . two young a party are at 
young for camera are men . posing the two 
store a be and two . walk to the of appears boys some kind man what outside around of little 
city walk . children the in 
kids in behind father <unk> graffiti covered alleyway 
follow children city street down . two man a a 
and <unk> by man are a a together put walking . <unk> two kids 
play . baseball men 
teenagers . playing baseball 
a field on the catching . baseball player is the ball 
shirt a a . baseball is in player yellow running <unk> there 
playing two guys baseball . 
couple edge 's water a the . close stands at 
the of in by in body stand water people and of a fall two . front bushes 
pond other hold each two a near people . 
. the people two by stand water 
people the on edge of . on two the water the together stand grass 
game team . tries a runner base in catch a to an a sliding league into afternoon little 
a young and him sliding a cloud baseball other while moves player into base the a <unk> team . dust around 
baseball . in parked boys background playing cars , the 
boys baseball are five . playing little 
the playing park . in ball kids 
fence two other horses is girl the at looking . little of side on a the the 
a small and horse . child at a a pony staring 
looking child are . two a small horses at 
a red a horses fence a look . sweatshirt at over wearing two child 
with nearby young horse at <unk> two child . a structures stare 
trick doing a on a a man . skateboard 
a man area a . is covered on trick doing a a skateboard in 
skateboarder trick performs . a a 
playing background boy on sitting in chairs a people building two interesting in while are his an patio skateboard young . , a the of on 
park skateboard an trick a . outdoor doing porch man on 
a to standing people a trunk of with its car bunch next open . 
of crowd rural people forest a front a in field , stand a them , a road . behind on 
group a out people the standing behind a of in vehicle . are <unk> country small 
road . gravel a car group people near of a a gather on 
standing many a road outside people are rural on . a of car 
. boy a park crowded jumps at a rope black over red and a 
pants shirt man red pole jumping a a high and and and black is . dressed a black over 
over black a man black striped wearing pole a and . red jumps 
over is long at pole a man . park skate a young a jumping 
in black over as rope crowd looks on jumps . a man 
is the being by ground to <unk> person . waves a 
the <unk> in . water out a person 
ocean woman in . the over a crashes wave a 
woman a waves by ocean the <unk> has <unk> in down been 
them over with a . rolling wave someone 
at pond on bank pet , brown inside . is dog looking another a standing dog a 
stands the a on the a pond in bank of stands larger pug . water dog a while 
tan pond in swimming dog a dog brown . a a watching 
another . one is dog in dog land on wades the while water 
wade by . dogs <unk> two water in green 
holding big a . a tent up , man yellow 
a . yellow a up tent man holding 
holds a man mountain . campsite a tent a on 
yellow is a . the his great picking or up herself in tent outdoors person a by 
over holds his his . head man up the tent 
in a a . boy swing 
. a swings a set boy on swing 
of the height . child a a at swing 
a swing . young swinging boy on a 
the young . a boy swings air in 
to swings arm a while club person golf man . an his left the a waves 
a course large . <unk> on off the in building golf man a with background 
a ornate with men on the background building course in , are two standing golf a large . 
course a people two golf on . playing golf are 
a on . playing are two people course golf golf 
two <unk> dresses drag bald red in 
are dresses . red bald ladies wearing two 
red laugh ladies and matching two bald dresses in . jewelry 
people bald two clothes in red 
, two dressed women older bald formally 
top ledge a is skateboard on sliding . in tank a on a pink girl a 
her woman . jumps a a top on young pink tank skateboard wearing 
pink girl a grinds tank in top with skateboard on a rail 
the in girl the a pink white . a along skateboard is wall top riding 
does skateboarding young figure pink . woman in 
a . and jumping dog a through is hoop white brown red 
hoop brown and a dog . white leaping training on is a through circuit red a 
hoop a through jumping is a red dog 
a . jumping hoop a through dog 
. the red dog leaping a is collie through ring 
. daughter front mother in a and of pose a waterfall 
a child and a fence log a with the a background stone are and sitting on in waterfall . woman 
a a woman a a fence in of girl waterfall and front on sitting 
a and a woman daughter her front in waterfall of 
woman in a girl front sitting is fence of on a . a waterfall a with 
point round silver wall . a mirror the to two on girls 
ball that mirror point like at . a <unk> a two woman is 
one with a , <unk> two , ball out touch and women camera a . reach 
point take a to of two picture women . silver object and a it 
. <unk> women two digital photo a take <unk> a of 
is in overalls and a hat a straw friend a . outdoors with man 
standing another hat a and to man man next with a overalls . 
in with striped overalls shirt with hat in standing and man no shirt man 
for are shirt the in the posing in man the the hat and man . the camera striped 
camera of people , men one , a two overalls crowd the nearby posing . for in 
slide girl a slides down a . purple 
girl . down little a purple a slide sliding is 
in down going a . slide a purple red shirt little girl a 
a slides purple child small . down slide a 
down smiling slide slides feet purple . girl a first a 
for picture . a a poses party bridal 
. getting their church picture in stands party taken a wedding the 
outfits white big wearing of and wedding people black with photo a ten smiles 
black groom bride , . with and wearing poses the bridal except for party the the bride all 
bridesmaids surrounded all . the black in and , in bride is the groomsmen by white dress the 
purple bride in white bouquet next to . standing a a is dress whilst a her groom holding 
pose wedding couple . their on day a 
dress a a dark . woman man and white formal a smile picture for and suit in 
flowers groom purple with photo wedding of and a her a bride . 
. wedding outfits in a young for picture couple poses a 
watch from behind a wedding the . railing in a couple outfits sea wooden 
and toward clothes look a the in out a . woman water man wedding 
the a rail in suit and in gown woman ocean white at man a are long at looking a . bridal black a a standing 
white wedding suit woman standing in a man <unk> with a . black a gold in a with gown 
by his at bride around the groom the arm with stands the . a sea railing 
plays sits man a . on in a cowboy guitar and near water bleachers the hat 
of plays man guitar bleachers while lake . a sitting on front a a in 
a guitar bleachers . man on <unk> plays 
an near on a child water adult bleachers and the . 
sitting and man bleachers playing on guitar cowboy white wearing a a hat 
front structure a . in two of boys eating <unk> sitting are 
outside . boys <unk> eating two 
sitting . two cream ice boys and eating 
ice <unk> on two little . boys a step sitting are eating 
<unk> red young . and eating two boys blue 
dog on . black running in shallow a a beach water 
a . at the runs dog into the black water beach 
the water black through . runs dog a 
dog in running surf a the . 
water is the the . in dog playing 
religious a float . <unk> <unk> 
a float people festival religious is at by a surrounded . street 
standing <unk> people a . monument jesus around <unk> <unk> the of 
street . a city around elaborate stand <unk> jesus on several an the image people of 
<unk> the carried in is being . jesus a parade elaborate 
men a a group carry <unk> . of silver 
shoulders a others behind play men structure small instruments their on . carry while 
a band on in their blue something shoulders followed by carrying . men 
<unk> . <unk> <unk> a at <unk> 
men a wearing purple <unk> the are and silver . carrying 
carries her smiling black camera a video young woman a hand . brunette in 
through woman video camera young a walks and park holds a a smiling . 
video . park camera a <unk> holding a a woman white in 
a a woman . holding video camera 
standing a the grass hand with on video a camcorder in is woman her young 
a waves catches surfboarder the . 
wave a striped a wetsuit a . green rides surfer in 
. his waves riding on a is sits board another surfer the surfer whilst waiting 
a wearing a a surfer black . wave riding green wetsuit and 
is the surfer riding wave . the 
is skateboard jump ramp on with person doing a a a a . 
an building painted colorfully ollie does a a . off ramp skateboarder black near a 
in at brightly a air colored . the ramp a skateboarder 
a trick . front does a graffiti scene of skateboarder ramp a in on 
riding the the the painting . to next very is ramp skateboarder big 
doing on skateboard a a ramp man trick skateboard a 
a shirt skateboard man a a jump red graffiti with on ramp make a . in 
. skateboard graffiti stunt covered skateboarder performing ramp is a on a 
a a ramp . on skateboarder 
skateboarding of . ramp man off a 
the around up at a over crouched . park spinning girl a , swing 
the swing at . is a girl park kneeling on a 
long sand red a with hair and is across . a girl brown shirt with <unk> laying a swing underneath 
a young a . swings the swings down shirt in girl red on face 
a . at is playing park on swing girl 
through his a he tree <unk> path the . bicyclist a as air in flies 
jumping over bicyclist a is . object large a 
bike a jumping a . ramp a on man off is dirt 
woods light riding a is the shirt a man brown . wearing dirt in a bike 
tree a over his biker is stump mountain woods a the . jumping bike in 
a 
by formally dressed dressed women suit with flowers a surrounded a in man 
, . attire formal wedding posing a four in with man at a <unk> girls 
groom . posing four the bridesmaids <unk> with 
. bridesmaids posing groom with 
a in headband dot with red girl and a dress red pink <unk> game playing a polka 
purple in toy a red plays a . and with girl white 
with a camera a . looking at , girl screen the 
. camera a a with red headband girl holding pink is 
dot red dressed . in girl polka plays one toy young outfit with 
guy dogs his a walking . four 
lot person walks on four a parking a leashes dogs . in 
walks . woman a dogs four 
walking man dogs four . 
the dogs walking the . man is 
a the in its brown ring . with mouth river a is walking yellow dog in 
in standing ring a holding is dog a a in . mouth small his river 
in standing ring is . water in a its mouth with dog a 
by surrounded and a . in dog shrubs stream grey trees 
the dog runs yellow . a the ring holding through water while 
kite to . fall in a surfer begins ocean the 
choppy the a parasails . man water in 
choppy wakeboards . man on a water 
wetsuit windsurfs a in man . a 
is on water a balancing choppy windsurfer . 
people a <unk> back in wall dressed sit ladies a watching to city around them park two young . on back 
two to back sit . girls back 
a women of <unk> building front in . two pose <unk> 
back . back women on two a wall sit to 
area office <unk> women an . back back to two sitting 
man green sport a . over his a uniform in head a paddle a playing holding 
a a ball a man after field cricket grass on . runs 
a an in playing person all outfit cricket green 
plays crowd cricket a while being watched . person by a 
a uniform a in green . player sports 
a dog dog chasing carrying another a is toy . 
down chases a beach another while a dog yellow it holding toy runs . a 
a dog with chased a by yellow another is toy being dog 
. in along the another mouth dog something is one that is its dog chasing carrying beach 
who its in chasing and one white and has tan a . dog mouth dog toy is white brown another 
a dog beach black rocky on a . 
walks along . ocean front an black dog a 
on near the rocks a dog walks beach . black the 
a walks sand the black dog . on 
after on black walking . the swimming in ocean beach the dog 
four <unk> rocky off trail a is road along car drive a . wheel 
a rocks on jeep some <unk> . 
as cliff a on the . edge hangs rocky of girl a from red jeep a looks 
driving surface is over rocky a a red truck . 
to ditch run off has a suv woman stands red next a that a . into 
down , . on boy a sitting , laying swing a backwards face hat wearing a 
swing a on , laying his on a stomach boy 
. the swing on boy a plays 
on . sunglasses a belly a lays set his in swing red on child 
a on a boy . young swing plays 
grass . dog large in a small yellow a dog white the and 
light a the in small large grass is a brown tan running standing . dog dog past 
and brown dog . on grass large play dog small a white the 
dog on the little the faces . dog brown grass the white large 
in dogs a two . yard playing 
of a competition team four . <unk> a <unk> 
speaking sitting . table center with are the at left one a <unk> four 
sitting front table four , at them of with and <unk> bottles water . in a are people of 
in red into speaks shirt microphone man 
the gentleman is others listening while . are the speaking 
. lady a another in microphone <unk> and speaking a taking 
black , a writes wearing a woman into microphone while . speaks man a , 
while lady microphone on down sitting . talks 
with microphone are . women a table at a sitting two 
blue beside . <unk> wearing another into black woman glasses and writing women microphone her with a a top speaking 
a room darkened group a of sits four a in an a audience on . table men platform before at 
group on a <unk> on a of a people with crowd . stage sit watching a 
. four a audience in people at sitting front an of are table 
. a people behind table four sitting 
at sit lit table in of crowd a front a people several 
ropes by and a hanging brown blond brunette gymnastic girl 
karate practicing kids to aid in balance with harnesses 
straps dangling each people from other kicking at 
. from other kick children while suspended the ceiling being two each 
harnesses two play children in while suspended . being 
midair a background against diver an urban . 
high girl an is off a dive a in jumping urban setting . 
buildings church is . tall to man next a and on a trampoline a bouncing 
a a off in . is swimsuit building diving person a 
diving stunt is a performing building a off person . a tall 
a guy the skateboard doing city in a . is trick 
does an setting a trick in . a on man skateboard urban his 
the midair man above in a concrete his flips ground . skateboard 
doing a near skateboarder buildings . apartment a some jump 
trick high to a <unk> flies this doing friend his <unk> skateboarder . 
wearing mountain bike fast through very a helmet a . a child a forest riding 
. trees a streaks the through cyclist 
a bike white wearing person helmet a . riding red a 
and person wooded a bike red yellow white area helmet a wearing and . clothing outside in is riding a a 
biker bmx through forest the rides the . 
brown head farm . white dog pokes the above and a animals black his 
a dog brown of animals . and watches a over black <unk> 
over . backs a sheep the looking of dog 
of . animals the white backs head a some 's over dog 
the black white field amid animals . in dog 
of being a over is green . green motorcycles jumped line a motorcycle ten 
in man . his a motorbikes green <unk> jumps on own motorbike 
man jumping riding . a green <unk> motorcycles motorcycle a other green 
jumping green with motorcycles is over a in motorcyclist row green of a motorcycle a dressed green 
green on green a row of shirt other jumping bike . green over a motorcyclist a wearing a bikes 
line front standing a yard men of in a a a group in of in women and tree <unk> 
. house a standing front adults brick a are group red in of under of a tree 
picture for pose women men a of and building older group outside a a of . 
a a posing large lawn a group for on . photo 
tree of the group picture adults under take the . a 
of eat a children and the on ice and walk group boardwalk cream <unk> their . 
. cream ice woman their and with a cones children 
children . with a cones cream are four woman ice eating 
. family cream ice on boardwalk the enjoying 
ice the walking . cones is woman children her holding cream with all 
on skateboard . a performing trick skateboard a a man ramp 
wearing man a a is skateboarding up shirt that ramp covered . red graffiti a is in 
does covered the at skateboarder of turn a a . a top in <unk> graffiti 
a young skateboards man over shirt a . jeans and in red a <unk> background 
concrete . a along a skateboarder of red the edge ramp shirt in grinding 
into softball a playing slides home plate girl 
. a girl slides in a <unk> for 
softball runner . a at is youth <unk> game plate home a at 
one is and . home softball plate playing sliding are two to girls the 
one softball ball girls to catch two other . , plate play <unk> slides as into 
throws a boy air the . leaves into 
child wind a looks leaves woods the in at in blowing the 
a leaves small , a outside fallen shirt . boy white wearing young playing with is 
leaves with woods the in boy playing . 
wooded a with plays green boy young in area leaves 
on and black whilst white is the a dog . red collar walking grass a wearing 
is a running . dog <unk> 
a collar grass dog in . the on multicolor a red crouching 
, in white legs grass three . the brown black dog crouches on and 
, white the with brown dog collar black the . , red is and 
children and a woman three . 
three park kids woman . play a a at and 
a in <unk> woman . playing children a is a playground with two on 
boys with at playing a two park a young woman 
woman on <unk> . kids four with way 2 
a ramp to skateboard . skateboarder a his rides of the flannel top in 
slope on a a does on . a skateboard young his man trick 
does a on ramp . young tricks man a skateboard 
gets to the the skateboarder . ramp of top the 
the rides the . at skateboarder pipe wall skater a park 
of a boy a people skateboard a flight off trick . watch of doing while stairs 
watch a of boys a . distant skateboarder staircase group jump a 
jumps skateboarder a stairs . the 
people skateboarder a as flight of a down several . stairs leaps watching 
. watch skateboarder a tricks spectators does as 
a a jumps surfboard of dog 
through . the a dog splashes water 
surfboard the . in ocean a a swims with dog 
an . a jumping golden on board ocean retriever a from beach 
jumps retriever the of off in water golden . surfboard blue a a 
a camera . holding a girl 
takes floppy a , a girl hat photograph pink a a big . with little camera in 
in camera a face . a girl pink her hat to a little holds 
girl camera hat pink up face to holding wearing a young . her a a 
hat girl in young taking pictures pink . 
soccer a playing of on are . the guys beach group 
soccer playing red on sand men . 
several a and people , ball . beach on a 
soccer ball the they on are beach playing a . with 
soccer play two men . the on beach young 
stick , , gold blue two with stick one playing field are hockey , a a one males with 
are . in game playing together two a men sports 
of with playing sticks men some . a sort two game 
for sport two fighting . a men a playing are ball 
in for two hockey players the ball . field battle 
is large blue girl a red hat and a wearing . 
sitting the wearing hat concrete flag girl a a decorated british on 
jack <unk> sits . a union hat wearing a with woman 
woman , a ground tall white , with . hat a on red , the blue sits and 
a it with on large . girl flag with british the hat 
a a wears in and uniform top helmet man chin with red strap . 
holding guard and a gold helmet wearing a . is <unk> sword military a is 
a <unk> . a the with red guard wearing helmet is 
attention a <unk> face the stands . at with 
with <unk> young red helmet man gold in 
walking and be . brown appears the to white on a water dog 
a walks dog beach white . <unk> sand tan on the on and 
is shallow dog and white brown waters in . walking the 
and is white through the dog . water shallow <unk> walking 
. the dog brown shallow white walking water is spots through with 
is on up dog looking standing two stone wall over a a . legs pug 
a a to is look a over its on wall dog hind . green stone standing legs leash white on 
wall a over stone looking leash a on dog 
stone dog is leashed the over the . wall looking 
looking . hind on its the is dog over ledge standing a white legs , 
on closeup a cyclist a view riding a of bike 
his a cyclist . as leaning he forward <unk> bike 
a bike . woods rides a in man the 
closeup <unk> wheel by someone being of bicycle ridden a 
forest riding man in bike 
with . day a jumping very his a flowers in in is air the mouth dog <unk> on 
, to a small catch wet stick dog leaps . a 
wet . seaweed mouth catches in a his dog 
in white a playing with dirt is toy dog a . and the brown 
. a <unk> the an leap beach takes retrieve to dog on the item 
on . as <unk> are a a dressed up man street city a and <unk> woman 
stand . a sidewalk on in people outfits <unk> 
three <unk> <unk> 
in out . which three people observing the a uniform and of are scene picture is outdoors are 
on the sidewalk <unk> people the like . two standing dressed up 
. run a dog and dog a a beach on brown tan 
dogs other chase each water . through 
the and black dog brown . are the ground dog the on 
water dogs . two play shallow in 
the on dogs beach running two 
pair a . worn of boots are by a orange woman tights wearing 
her <unk> . on legs orange the out has stretched and a person wearing grass boots <unk> 
nearby leggings <unk> a of people boots . large crowd and a black orange sitting person with is 
someone black outdoor sits at . orange and performance tights with an 
up <unk> orange black person grass wearing the . the in and tights <unk> 
are on . rapids of people group river rafting a 
. of water white raft on choppy group a water people very 
river white a being a is through raft . <unk> water 
rafting . river are people 
rafting people water white . 
woman over a looking a and railing a . man 
at two looking the women at mountains are a . fence 
at . a people view look two 
. people the a from view fence two take behind in 
. fence mountains front looking a two of standing women in at 
grass front black a a dog a dog path in tan and brown cement with on of 
a walking on dog asphalt grass yellow to black dog field next a are a and . of 
dogs two a of photo blurry . 
. a by is behind some path dog running white a dog on paved a grass black 
a along dogs two beside grass walk . path the 
a while face <unk> a mohawk with mirror holds a paint a . boy woman 
her with painting while woman a . mirror mohawk a a face a holds child 
painting woman on a makeup . 
paints . her a boy mohawk face woman her a a while holds with mirror 
putting . woman paint for haircut holding on with face child mirror mohawk 
a jumps boy . 
in raises amongst crowd people a his who . not arms of a focus are boy 
him <unk> a to people surrounded boy . around <unk> by who 
arms a shirt boy as in looks red a with waves he another air person the his at . 
the in whilst jacket . stands green hands in the the his raising purple air boy the in crowd and shirt 
a jumps rocks of the off into water . guy 
the jumping and rocks is over towards water the . man a , 
water a a jumping . and body near rocks of man 
off a man jumping into cliff the rocky a ocean 
jumping the man water into the . is 
through . snow dogs running 
is mouth carrying the other a stick chasing in its dog dog the . 
. snow the in the play dogs 
in two fetch the playing dogs snow . the are 
dogs and little in the . orange snow white two are 
pouring of smoke while out . building it a has front firetruck blue a sits in 
smoke with . out black pouring a scene fire firetruck building the with blue a on on 
has blue a front out <unk> . sits black smoke fire in large building engine and a 
runs . man to a a fire as a <unk> firetruck 
vest red a toward . a while truck man next green building is it runs a parked in blue a burning to 
shirt red a . white man holds a in person jacket a beer a a while wearing follows 
the beer man . walking holding a of and a sidewalk cup a down woman 
beer man in by white a with . woman a followed a red in 
guy . a a woman her with behind beverage walking and a 
of glass is jacket a in the front woman in . man holding is a t-shirt wearing white she the red a and 
green park a a boys shirt in watch riding skateboard while a his three . boy in is 
at park a boy . a skate skateboard on a 
street in a rollerskating boy . the 
playground a by a . a child on helmet plays skateboard a in 
a man . young a skating in park is skate 
little birthday as out family third her the girl blows a a candles on watches 
a her out . candles blows little girl 
out . on girl candles cake the blows her a little 
. the cake on is blowing chocolate the the girl candles out 
birthday girls out mother two on stands blowing at look girl candles as by 
blue number bright ascending ramp with railings a . a of people <unk> 
walking people building in of a are a . <unk> up front patterned ramp 
people up are . <unk> a walking <unk> blue 
a . ramp up blue several people walking with handrail a 
up a blue are ramp walking people six 
jumping a in woman riding a horse . competition a show 
and . over a are horse jumping the rider fence 
are rider a horse white and jumping the over fence . 
rider horseback jumping horse . her the rails and are 
. horse gate jumping on women over 
ocean dog a an and along shoreline dog run white a brown 
the and white . beach dog run brown alongside dog a a other each at 
two are beach on a running . dogs 
dogs . beach the along chase two 
brown . white two are a beach on dogs together and one running one 
flowers a a field . yellow through dog of runs grassy 
a . the grass long through runs dog 
golden of runs retriever flowers a field a through . yellow 
a through dog a white runs of field yellow flowers . 
field dog a running through white flowers yellow of . 
net a a football . boys few young volleyball over a throwing 
boys the football are . a beach throwing on 
children with a and the . , the game football a a , volleyball beach are net on playing 
. on boys beach three play busy volleyball a 
a football boys beach play near at . the a with volleyball three net 
rides a cyclist fair . paint at naked body in a 
covered a a <unk> riding girl naked in flower bicycle . painted 
. a a paint body woman bicycle riding wearing naked 
in . a painted bike public a woman rides 
. through lady rides young paint festival a body street a bike in a naked 
the two in dogs playing water . 
in other water the , . two playing dogs at is the one bounding 
two . ocean beige dogs furry playing in surf 
. are white white waves two splashing in dogs around 
white long-haired ocean the two in , dogs playing 
at a agility dog dog woman and a course 
an course obstacle through a dog . a woman <unk> 
on a obstacle her course woman with . plays dog an 
and jumping . four dog , hole black people a , are there white yellow a and through 
equipment using is to her training the . woman through training jump hoops dog 
. a swimming black jumped a pool dog just has into 
pool a black through . a dog swimming 
black dog a in pool swims large . a 
in a dog . pool a 
a a in . swims dog small pool 
walks while lady wheelchair another walks her lady behind behind a . a 
a elderly wheelchair a . pushing an in crowd woman 
pushing stroller an woman a elderly 
a coat pushes cart in a a woman . white 
. a coat crowd a through woman wheelchair a pushes wearing white a 
to bike rack a chains . man a red black walks while in and his woman a 
one . woman , bike a people , a in , rack dress black outside a near are several being 
a a bow walks wearing . woman past red bicycle the 
a black dress on street . the woman in walking 
in red . <unk> walking street woman is the dress with black down 
tub <unk> get the puppies in few . a 
with <unk> shower <unk> puppies bathtub being a small <unk> in 
are a a in bathtub <unk> puppies from three . water getting with sprayed 
puppies . with being tub by sprayed three the a person in water are 
bathtub three shower . a white puppies are hand with in held <unk> being 
pelican group mid-flight in <unk> a . a of above 
birds <unk> the . by water 's edge 
coming of middle body birds landing a the of edge a standing is . in water on while for down large the one 
birds on the bird near . many is landing other one shore 
one several are and is . <unk> flying there 
. hill a sandy on a on beach little girl a standing 
child path small walks a as to sandy turns a down . she look 
a a . on beach blonde girl stands young 
a . down a by a body sandy young girl of is large walking path water 
. sand girl on a stands a the shore by young 
is black in green a with a water . playing toy dog 
colored in . dark water a splashes the animal 
the stick a . dog fetching in water a 
splashing in the . someone water 
the swimming is water the . dog in 
a . hangs in playground over seat a swing girl of the a 
swinging girl . on stomach red is in a a her shirt 
in playground swing a girl in surface a . on sandy rides red her above a stomach 
girl on swing a is . playing a 
red stomach swinging is a a playground girl . on swing on little her in 
dog a dog neck a biting the is of black brown 
dog neck another dog . 's bites a 
with dog the collar brown black brown bites red the a dog and . 
play each other two with . dogs outside 
outdoors two . wrestle dogs 
sprayed a is water all child a at a by of water . sides from ring park 
in bathing walks pink a a child black through suit colored mist . from water and rings 
a park large shoot young three . that girl in a under water stands water rings 
girl wearing . rings spraying little colorful swimsuit water at 
the <unk> and near in little the girl <unk> bathing . suit her stands 
. in hiker a mountains posing the cliff high a on 
mountain a man at a top of . the sitting 
and smiles a a a on hat wearing sits person . cliff glasses and 
on sitting a a woman high cliff 
hiker mountains is the poses for beautiful a the photo . 
biker mountain a a path forest a trick . does on 
a person in bike a does a setting jump . on a natural 
while the a doing rocks is trick a a bicycle gives over up thumbs <unk> person . a 
a a jumping is dirt hills bicycle over person with 
down the . <unk> a on a beautiful in unicycle by surrounded a jumping path area person 
in walks . dog toy black mouth and field his snowy on white a the carries a 
the . something its with is a dog snow in through running mouth black 
. black in the retrieves dog a snow 
a its black mouth . in is snow the something lab in holding 
black dog . snow object in an the carries the 
in a galloping brown . is a while outside horse <unk> pose 
its jumps through <unk> a brown horse . 
<unk> a horse bucking 
a in a is horse grassy . running large area brown 
of galloping rear a out the horse in . end field view 
boy a swimsuit a . water in into jumping 
water . pants boy a jumping in blue camo into 
into . to jump water the boy about a is 
beach boy a into water . a the jumps at 
water leaps a into young . man the 
heavily a over a wall graffitied performing bicyclist a trick . 
a the biker in . a trick air performs 
boy bike on a jumping . a 
a cyclist a . performing a bicycle on jump 
a a of in black playground <unk> is man front in a bicycle on . blue 
baby a <unk> is . a in playing 
a laughing . a baby in <unk> 
his . enjoys young a toy boy asian 
sitting white baby is and whilst chair blue red high in the toy a smiling with a . 
there sitting little chair toy child with in playing . a a a little is 
a pink green woman to next sits of fish . a jacket in statue front woman of a in a in pants 
girls blonde are statue sitting a next to two 
are a women by fountain . blond sitting two 
two of . are sitting a girls front statue in 
fountain sit by . a two young women 
behind a smoke it flies of plane a . cloud with 
of it creating a diving . sky behind a the through is cloud plane smoke 
of of the a flying smoke air small with . coming lots the through out plane airplane 
a , plane <unk> a . clear stunt into sky grey is smoke 
like smoke is looks and the . crash <unk> airplane it <unk> 
over through . staircase <unk> building the skateboarder of the air <unk> flies a a 
outside a steps a leaps building . of skateboarder <unk> 
on people background in sitting steps with large buildings the 
buildings next tricks . mirror to are a skateboarders on staircase doing 
. surrounded buildings over someone by skateboarding steps 
points boy in a . <unk> shirt a striped 
behind boy points camera the at a something . 
shirt something wearing pointing little is a . a striped boy at 
the shirt a in beyond striped camera . a young pointing boy 
striped shirt young . distance a the wearing boy into a points 
child a hair confetti . woman 's in <unk> a 
<unk> 's she woman little on confetti brunette a brunette . a smiles as head girl 
confetti . a smiling girl small a hair on puts 's woman 
onto as smiles she head 's woman girl . confetti a young a dumps 
in small girl an placing 's a apron in . woman confetti hair 
a a gym from hanging jungle boy 
playground in gym a is a playing on a boy jungle 
a gym . a on swings jungle boy 
shorts <unk> playing . playground is boy and shirt a a a blue in little on 
and boy jungle blonde playing small . shirt a in a shorts a gym on dressed blue 
a dress a a in down on sweatshirt blue green sitting leaning girl . a in and girl lockers 
some while leaning is reading and on on another a girl a girl stool is lockers 
two girls a . hallway school are in 
girls to teenage conversing lockers two . next 
hang lockers girls hallway out blue by in . a two school teenage 
stands suit man . formal to next wearing hat a a building a and 
wearing and outside man people with some other <unk> <unk> right top a hat a to standing 
along men up while another dressed the stares them walk two . street man at 
looking past men in are and walking dry cleaning hats who top a casual at tuxedos and store a man two is . them 
men with tuxedos backpack a as <unk> two by stand street and on boy in the passes 
camera . three the for faces friends making 
face a . picture a posing people with kissing giving man three one for 
camera . pose the three young for adults 
. and girl funny two of men with pose wall faces front a wood <unk> a in 
with with upturned with and glasses sunglasses man hair with young man woman young posing 
a jumping black . dog hurdle over a 
hurdle a jumps . black the air red in dog the over 
. jumps black dog an over obstacle a 
jumps jumping a show . hurdle over black a dog 
a dog at a a black running course show dog 
onlookers leaps with biker a off graffiti as a <unk> <unk> . watch 
bmx rider . a off a <unk> launches 
bike a his off having a cyclist ramp covered airborne jumped graffiti . 
skate at kid a on a does trick a park a . bike 
is boy a a off . on jumping bicycle ramp teenage a 
. group room a of people sitting candles a pink with in 
are yellow red group down inside people large building a a everywhere and sitting lights with . of 
red sitting at square are . room in tables a people 
lit . in lounge dimly a people 
several tables at darkened people a small in . sitting room 
a child skateboard on a doing jump a 
skateboarding . skate in a a man park of a closeup 
skate skateboarding . park person a a at 
doing jump a skateboarder . a 
park in . skate jump a a skateboarder <unk> a 
ride five children amusement . park ride an 
ride carnival girls on . five a 
girls an five ride amusement on . 
are a . at the five ride yellow on kids amusement park 
people big young ride riding several a yellow on fair 
pole vault a a . <unk> does 
man a building is <unk> of white pole front in a . 
buildings . background field a in <unk> pole the an athlete in with 
competition <unk> 
the bar above athlete pole <unk> the . while watched spectators 
beige does pants . a a man on bicycle in a trick 
bicycle and a background a grass a is on with . person sky the trick doing as 
bmx bike a on . a person 
riding bmx on stunt person bicycle a of type . a 
a this . on his trick doing person bicycle is 
has . in white girl a in a blonde girl her helmet around a arms 
cyclist . a being <unk> girl girl by another 
helmet girl girl the . with is hugging a another 
. two hugging girls 
hugging helmet teenage wearing in a , cyclists . background the two one girls bicycle , with 
the field in two snowcapped snowy jump in with background dogs rocks a 
. two rocks and grass dogs snowy through leap 
a dogs area running . jumping through snowy two and 
terrain dark , light snowy , and one . running dogs through large two one colored 
dogs run . snow sized across the medium two 
dog area . with <unk> a a brown is and playing dog in grassy brown a white and 
grass dog dog brown is stands to a while . the white over next and a brown it in rolling 
a on dog brown lies brown fighting a dog . white and with its back 
the two playing yard are . dogs the in 
side . the with with playing one are on laying brown its dogs , two on grass each other dog 
the uniform ball of in white wearing caught <unk> red a baseball a . and pitcher 
uniform in a player white baseball throwing baseball 
a a baseball player ball game baseball . in pitches <unk> a 
man white and in the ready red . to throw uniform gets baseball the the 
his a a hand is man there a and has . pitching glove baseball left 
corgi white leash and sheep chasing . a a trailing brown 
chasing . sand dog a on <unk> 
short sheep white brown a chasing . dog and 
dog tan a herding sheep some small 
running <unk> partially of , dog on sand and frame white . out with brown animals 
is carrying balloons dress water . and flowing a wearing a girl little 
in a her in a hand girl . dress with young something pink 
two a a young shirt girl purple and balloons in water with dress black red . 
pink a a young . tutu wearing girl 
and girl . the walking tutu pink grass through wearing is the a 
a people at street down city . night a walk group of 
. the down hat on the in with one group a a people phone street walking green of 
, green four people talks while on along are in cellphone hat one a walking city a . sidewalk the the 
. four walking sidewalk people on a are 
down night sidewalk people four walk a at 
water beach playing a baby at the in a 
water splashes an . baby shallow of hat body in orange a chubby a with 
a blue and tries of with hand in hat balance adult the behind . to him an a baby dressed help blue small shorts 
baby in water a small splashes 
baby swim a hat a trunks and tiny in . blue 
boy game a . rides machine a 
playing yellow is child a red shirt a ride a arcade in . 
. <unk> a rides a child ride 
. boy small is racing arcade game a playing a 
young playing a game a video man . motorcycle 
of off woman a and swings their jump girl . 
two off of swings females . jump 
out two girls of . jump swings 
on riding girls . two swings 
a patterned red swing . surface two girls over 
in trunks swimming a falling at a orange into white or is and water boy . beach lake 
a orange the of . boy playing part in shorts shallow is ocean the in 
swim the the a beach at trunks boy water in in 
a board the water shorts falls boy in wearing . backwards 
wearing and man young the a falling red into white <unk> a beach floral 
rugby man on ball , a rugby a a . holding the on lying field grass 
black a <unk> colored as . a the wearing a are running towards in him players top rugby has player try 
lying on on grass a field a down the sports face . player 
sporting the on . man a the event during field dives young 
men on . field a three 
camera a . for a posing heavy clothing large is crowd in 
group walking of large people 
a in building front of standing people . the are 
and . people children , men crowd there of a is women of 
front outside a building boys two people a men , large , stand of woman two and young a . in of gathering 
takes <unk> . medals <unk> two an home 
jacket and showing <unk> <unk> wearing gold two and sign an medals her a a peace wave a grey 
medals woman holds fingers up seven two a wearing . 
medals woman gold up holding two hands . her wearing 
woman fingers around with two , medals . seven neck up her holding 
a sitting on a a swing dress in . red girl ride 
on girl . ride a swing a sits 
a seat round go small . girl <unk> asian is on in red sitting a a 
. on sitting the swing girl a is 
young <unk> seat the waiting . ride girl sitting carnival the to for swing on the is 
. downhill dirt a bend <unk> on a biker a course 
white forest a . a rides down man uniform bike a motocross trail in a 
a person rides a wooded . area a on through wearing and helmet bike a 
, on bmx path forest downhill . riding rider 
<unk> is an road on biking trail the off 
boys jumps down water upside into the a . 
diving into headfirst a . a lake child 
backward body swim a nearby water area urban over . an large man of falling a is in gear 
is going the water man . the into 
going the person into is the water . 
. player tackling rugby another a 
from soccer the team tackles a . other a player player 
in puts a players head <unk> in <unk> get as the . one soccer other a 
fight game the men during the . 
players fighting the on rugby two field 
dances on stage girl . a a 
girl dancing a . onstage 
a white dances . girl in 
a music of girl a white is black dance front young outfit in equipment in dancing shoes and 
. girl dancing in equipment onstage front blonde the the sound is of 
boy . skateboarding a 
person trick a a . with skateboard does a 
a skateboarder jump doing . a 
a performs skateboarder trick a . 
shirt . an blue guy and doing ollie a is the wearing 
are of the watercraft people group out . ocean of on middle the a in 
wearing life . and race boats with people motor all and the jackets a helmets red are 
sea racing four the . across <unk> 
red people <unk> in dressed . several them boats are speed with racing 
each the races group of boats other . 
wetsuit a a ocean the . surfing man on is in 
in a . black a wave off surfer a yellow <unk> breaking and is falling 
. wave a surfer white catching a on surfboard his 
surfer his yellow shirt in ocean white on young a wearing rides a board . male the wave a 
. wave a his off a into yellow flies young in man surfboard shirt a 
bench front pool a . sits of a a family on in 
to sitting on few next a pool a <unk> couples 
to seated wearing swimming boots a . stands a bench and a on next girl four people pool 
. talking to a pool of group with in background trees the a people next 
bench sit on pool the a . people by 
. one bench men two and woman a on 
woman on two a men and flowers one holding bench 
. in the rock , a a wall three with park people on sitting middle aged background bench 
a . outside on bench sit three people 
a bench and sitting men woman a on two . 
eating the . the has red <unk> both her girl are girls color on lip and the wearing upper cake 
one . eating face has and her on girls blue cake are <unk> two 
for camera food girls with . their play the two 
and are girls a little mess . two making eating 
while girls eating having two young fun . 
a a small is pool child . into sliding 
swimming girl child a 's in a pool . 
inflatable short . an sliding pool paddling little down girl into is a slide a 
girl splashing kiddie in pool 
girl . into kiddie a white sliding the is pool dark-haired 
black red . a a in jumping and bmx on his motorcycle outfit rider is 
biker . the dirt through a flies air 
red . a a in midair on bike guy in 
down outfit bike man his . a in jumps hill red the motocross a 
is midair moving in a red bike on in someone . 
on rides . a a girl swing 
. swings air in high the girl a 
girl little a high swings . in photograph <unk> 
girl . young a sky high a the blue rides into swing 
flowered a the the swinging is blond dress swing sky . the haired wearing on blue girl towards 
at a doing man . skate stunt park a a 
maneuvers a doing skateboarder . 
his . board ramp riding a on a skateboarder in skate is a park 
kid on doing a skateboard tricks 
doing the is the skate at trick park skateboarder a 
through jumps a surfer . kite the air 
while a <unk> are through is man others . a from flying hanging air the <unk> 
, is close water <unk> with behind parasailing him person over other . a 
. in air a <unk> wearing a water above is the person 
ocean a the over in parasailing midair young man 
dog dog playing yard while the one is a another holding . lady in 
white in dog points woman a the brown holding . grass a a dog at 
nearby stands a while another in field a a dog holds dog woman . 
a hill woman her at bottom . brown the white holds points dog a the of to dog and little big 
a holding standing a white is dog dog a green woman at field in a and . brown pointing 
bicyclist of while bottle water a is drinking out a . of riding 
a a drink water biker takes . of 
water cyclist a drinks . 
a water . riding drinks a bicycle of a bottle from man 
while on water riding . drink takes a bike of a person a 
. bubbles dress a a <unk> a blows is in while nearby pink woman girl 
in her bubbles little a pink in woman is outfit is blowing a a playing and . of front girl 
to young bubbles her a is a woman is trying that child towards blowing catch 
a woman dances dress . a in as pink a bubbles blows young girl 
. blowing young woman bubbles a girl a popping is is 
a a a with crowd watching motorcycle rides man on <unk> 
circle tires in a motorcycle rider a . his spinning 
motorcyclist a circle <unk> in a crowd rubber watches a . while 
blue is motorcycle helmet a yellow tricks a in person . on doing a 
on tire and blue with in person back motorcycle the people watching smoking background . 
train waiting an . for train woman at station a is empty a 
trashcan the " with to the " in subway wall station against . woman circle leaning right the a a <unk> 
a . waiting woman a reading while for train 
. woman train the waiting for 
platform young woman standing with right the train on to 
are interested gravel dogs surrounded in the by . the two ground concrete 
<unk> both the are on sidewalk about object two dogs . the 
something in sniffing . rocks two are the dogs 
sidewalk other play the with two dogs each . on 
dogs <unk> something the for two ground small . 
man grassy field lying . in reading a is a 
. a reading the grass man in laying 
and a reads lays field a a . grass the book man in on 
man in reading lies a the grass a book . 
field book the is the man . laying a in reading 
of a group girls dancing on a stage . 
girls a <unk> <unk> in of dance do teenage . costumes a <unk> group 
in dance . do girls a a line 
leather dancing are girls and . wearing outfits the 
young on outfits girls a in stage . perform dancing 
a kicks girl a ball 
. blue a a kick little good to girl a gives ball 
blue . in a ball a kicks girl a pink shirt little 
young a ball kicking girl a blue 
in blue kicking ball young girl pink shirt . 
with climbing dirt balloons them hill people on black 
dry on are hill standing sitting and balloon . dirt artists two a 
black wear sunny while climbing men funny a mountain on day clear looking suits . a two 
in desert outfits themselves black two a surrounding balloons in black people in , 
a . balloons two hill with climb people 
two observes arm as wrestle another girls 
wrestle in third and two a arm pink girls a while glasses girl shirt watches . 
. , wrestling two arm looks on girls while another 
two girl wrestle girls teenage watches . third arm while a 
arm their hotel . two wrestling while girls young are watches in another girl room 
in on orange the in bed jumping a air the dressed while . girl flies 
girl bed the is a jumping . on 
is a the a a bed lady yellow above . yellow outfit in in the air with room 
bed a . airborne is orange outfit an striped little in a whilst bouncing on girl 
a young on girl jumping . bed 
dog a standing beach . rock brown a water near large <unk> white a on in and shallow is 
on beach white brown a . the dog and 
on a . standing a beach dog 
behind beach rock large . a with him the dog on stands a 
backdrop looking front an unusual is of beautiful dog . in standing a 
down one children a , runway around a tied . the two walk with their <unk> , scarf forehead 
stage walking boys watched . by along are being two several whilst people the 
. platform two walking a children on 
. runway walk a wearing two on denim children 
two <unk> little fashion their showing off kids walk the . 
. a <unk> girls in moving around room 
girls are large room in three . dancing a 
on floor girls wooden three dance a . 
. girls three dancing 
dancing floor girls three on hardwood an . the <unk> on room 
a lighting . a a candle white girl kneeling in shirt down 
amid a girl candle is many . lanterns 
down candles girl . rows by of a a kneels 
others by of while girl walk a kneels rows . beside young candles 
filled field kneels with a grassy on young candles girl 
kicking martial artist a face another female the artist in martial female 
<unk> kicks a karate <unk> karate one 
one another artist a face during competition martial 's kicks . 
<unk> audience female martial for an . artists kick a two 
a match participate . in women arts two martial 
course road . on riding an river cyclists a off bikes beside are 
ramps off jump dirt their bikes kids of near waterfront . a 
. on at track night bicycles people riding a 
at the on night . performing bicycles tricks their teenagers are 
off-road two on hill over . fly boys a bicycles 
closeup a standing together two women of . 
a in the woman grins looks away woman camera while at orange purple a . wearing 
next at sunglasses the an one girl girl black to top and wearing tank smiling . camera orange another 
a an friend orange is sunglasses the while shirt . wears woman her purple wearing and shirt red 
stand two women . wearing sunglasses 
onto <unk> child <unk> wheel spinning paint a . a 
a toy child white ground red the , is and spinning with playing . turning a green on that 
painting . a a on piece spinning paper of child 
pours a spinning <unk> on child a device 
squirting . child a onto piece paint <unk> of 
a print flowers a in . child of dress in a is flower field 
in white . girl flowers dress blond a among little a flowery 
picking flowers in . a grassy field blonde , young girl a 
flowers field girl a . of a in young white 
the flowers , a a flowers blonde with wearing . in it field on girl picks white little dress 
in empty skateboarding an in a swimming pool . man 
skateboard of side rides empty up pool a man the an a . 
skateboarder into a dropping bowl . is white a in dressed blue 
park edge off bowl a hanging of skateboarder at a . a the skate 
. pool skateboarder a empty in an 
other on a lips couple the each kiss . 
kisses a couple . 
. and a man a kiss woman 
a woman are a and man . kissing 
a and white kissing are black man earring . with , , in woman a in an 
woman a by a surrounded trail . various plants along biking 
a a field on a rides bike a through . trail woman 
a grass a the path rides a . long dirt bike through over woman 
in field a bicycle a . woman a riding 
dirt on riding down bicycle trail woman . 
dog the . rolls a grass in 
the dog grass white over small a on rolls . 
in the rolls grass tan . a dog 
its . the grass grey rolling dog is back on on the 
blue a field yellow dog wears green a . dog tag on and the rolls 
. lady wearing while boots a headphones red in walking 
dressed woman . in winter walks outdoors wear a 
woman <unk> in black a . a and white and coat 
and a blond wearing red jacket the woman <unk> boots with walking . down white street 
and boots jacket red and wearing black wearing white also . is the a woman headphones 
man outside sell is a <unk> skinned . a which standing building dark small to items yellow 
is building yellow a man outside standing a . 
of . standing outside building a yellow a man is 
standing yellow front man a of building in a 
with is next a the yellow . window man standing a to building blue 
a . girl a <unk> looks in <unk> shirt 
behind a looking a her . with purple is people side of bag shoulder girl in lot a to sweater the a and 
purple park woman wearing <unk> a a in a 
<unk> on has an purple her a woman look face a . in sweater 
brown a . wearing hair a white is shirt and purple a with woman purse 
. costume a watching a , in guy him a crowd 
man . of standing in crowd front a a 
of people a crowd front performer . in act on putting an large a of 
on person helmet things . posing front with the spiky crowd a a lawn is people in of a black coat of wearing and a 
audience one on the of performing show in large sitting person front lawn a a 
playing . two in balls orange with a park a boy 
boy balls purple tosses in on shirt a orange a . lawn a 
a boy . balls purple in blue with shorts little playing shirt a orange and 
playing ball orange the grass boy on an . with 
park boy with . orange him juggling little the in behind balls playground a 
dog being <unk> by is girls two . a little 
a large two giving bath girls dog a 
two summer clothes in little girls brown a dog . <unk> are 
young a <unk> . golden two retriever blonde girls are 
outside golden a two . young retriever bathing girls 
a of his the face . opponent martial kicks artist 
against . sparring are artists martial one another 
, . two other <unk> face in the black sparring kicking the one 
sparring face are uniforms kicked . feet belt has other wearing up whom arts martial 's black the one man to , two his of men 
<unk> in . arts men with <unk> two martial black 
jackson a . holds a jockey disk picture of michael 
up <unk> dj . a jackson female a michael holds 
smiling michael jackson holding of girl a picture a 
michael in showing both club girl . 's dj the of cover jackson " " camera <unk> 
the <unk> girl and michael holding headphones jackson . is a wearing 
is background set swing . in child , near a the a <unk> playing with a 
some child . out jumping bushes a near swing of a 
a swing set young off boy a jumps . 
blue jumping a a a swing shirt set young off wearing man 
from leaps swing a young boy 
couple . hands a holding walking and 
sandy down a and path by woman man a surrounded trees a walking 
. holding woman lane are hands a down whilst a man leafy and walking 
by side . down side the man road woman a and walk 
a together woman dress a down sleeveless a white a holding t-shirt man walk and hands with dirt with road a . 
playing a . the and boy a pool girl sunny a on day in 
a pool in bikini jumps a a into girl 
girl a her into swimming pool boy <unk> standing is a a stepping with 
swimming . the pool nearby young young is a while boy end a a of girl deep into jumps 
jumping pool . girl a swimming young into 
area running large through dogs large grassy several a . are 
dogs moving grass through three . 
on three running camera . dogs towards grass the 
a dogs field of three . running in grass 
run <unk> a through lawn three dogs . 
midair skateboard a in a boy on 
male air jumps the in a skateboard . a while on 
a air . in street a on leaps city skateboarder the 
rides of dark . a wearing board top a on shirt his red and blue skateboard jeans <unk> a teenager 
over . is hydrant skater this jumping a 
a eating on cream pier few cones ice <unk> girls a 
young girl . a enjoys cream two in older women setting with ice a <unk> 
under flowers two standing women . and a older girl outside little 
. little and ice girl eating a women are cream two 
flowers . ice bridge women cream cones child on decorated with two and eat 
a and man black bearded a tank a hat . plaid fair wearing a top at 
tank top black with guy a a . 
in a man hat top red plaid wearing black a a tank 
man with a and is as him red black plaid a object man is a . wearing tank colorful smiling behind a top playing hat 
<unk> a fair face red with a and man <unk> . hat at a smiles 
a sweatshirt a looking camera is and sunglasses . lady off with head green on her 
smiling a gathering at green . a a public lady jacket in 
in a . and green black outside jacket woman in sunglasses a a crowd 
a woman is dark wearing . sweater a hair with green 
sweater smiling green with sunglasses woman and 
green a green shirt a chairs in by sitting other green toddler chair in light a . blonde surrounded 
. toddler waits her cute stroller a girl in 
a chair is green a blonde . little on sitting girl 
around turned in is a seat . an her at little girl event 
a onto hair rail with girl holding a blond young 
two boxing kick <unk> 
others two , boxing people . with kick <unk> 
woman in . <unk> <unk> a match two 
. women two are kick boxing 
head woman kicking kick another of boxer 
of red row . colored t-shirt a wearing carrying white a is past a spectators beads logo in flag man a whilst a with 
while a participating smiling a is parade man in . 
wearing white holding a shirt a beads a . pole person and 
and wearing <unk> beads waving <unk> flag a man 
banner around his beads man <unk> with holding neck with <unk> pole 
blue wearing boys " boys do " a that haired , . <unk> is shirt a says brown man 
rolled a wearing man up is <unk> . his a above blue that shirt is 
, man are city and a . <unk> in other his people a gathered bearing , young street 
boys boys do during at parade <unk> man shirt wearing <unk> camera waves <unk> 
that a camera <unk> is a there reads man who waving do . is , blue boys , <unk> at " boys " the wearing shirt 
homeless observed by being a . man man business attire a in 
the up another homeless observes pants distance in man . man his as holds a 
at a man <unk> being by another person homeless 
man <unk> a . a on are clothes man homeless at sad street the looking whose 
along . a hand a with his soda man of in walks can 
and a dog running . through brown woods white of out snow the 
forest . the and ground runs snow-covered dog through and jumps a 
with a trees through the background dog in running snow 
the a near snow german woods the shepherd . in playing 
deep a large though snow . shepherd german runs 
through a brown is the running . dog ocean 
swimming brown a . through dog water murky 
through with dog a water . a shallow runs brown collar silver 
dog swims water brown a the in small . 
is the the across . water swimming dog 
baseball at bat boston a player 
. for pitch <unk> boston red holds bat waiting incoming the player baseball a the 
. baseball playing man is a 
boston the a for prepares a red player game a during pitch . <unk> on 
batter hit to ready baseball the ball 
. green dancing a man a in speedo 
short a . shorts dancing man black muscular in 
shorts in with white man striped sunglasses and in man a sunglasses and shirtless a shirt . 
green him muscular beads wears dancing is man . behind man the the black while 
underwear beads green together green in men two dance . and 
a horse race professional 
a race towards the racetrack at horses finish their and four jockeys . line 
horses . race with a jockeys in participate 
a during track down horses jockeys horse . ride the their race 
compete race jockeys in and three horses their . a 
<unk> and a in in . shirt a people walking crowd blue or a is girl 
a in blue a cap walks tight shirt girl and . an crowd a army wearing 
blue a woman . with no shirt in a <unk> 
a woman hat walking the is with street busy in . a green young 
a walks on lady young down street beautiful day . the the 
the base baseball a . slides to player 
plate a runner home to a <unk> catcher to . tries 
home slides a . for baseball person playing 
field four spectators a , and with a players . crowd baseball , on two 
two . opposite for a at dive teams <unk> men baseball on baseball 
and dog white the white black dogs . one plastic black while with bag two sleeps play and a other 
outside white pug black laying dogs . and <unk> and playing three 
. spotted outside house three a dogs 
puppies with bag plastic playing . a two 
dogs bag sleeps a over another two while fighting are . small 
children and laugh smile . 
laughs air in a . little gun little watches a boys while girl the pink points and 
laugh children two . 
two . at park a little laugh kids 
children small . two and red is pointing something one while holding are smiling 
a and in in a a man vest flowers hat , a bowler low parade . cut waves 
man a makeup vest and wearing skimpy a wearing 
hat with in of attached a . flowers and is person a dressed lots black vest 
waves costume a to a . a colorful person crowd wearing 
parade clothing a in black people red are . in walking and 
tree . <unk> is behind from out a a little girl 
out behind <unk> a tree from little . a girl 
hiding . a young a behind girl forest tree a in 
wooded peeking a a girl out tree area a from young . in behind 
peeks tree a a wearing dress from striped behind girl out . a young 
a street a across looking man . 
city man a looks the at . 
standing a on across street the woman a looking on at man road . the 
sweater in man a is a looking . grey young downtown 
intersection people stand a two other across . from city each 
mouth and shallow white across a open water trots with . brown dog his 
walks . in a shallow dog brown spotted water 
greyhound puddle in a . a rain the large through walks 
white walking through water brown . dog is the a and 
dog water the the . walks through 
. an a in airplane person 
sits a on a ground the inside person . small plane 
jet . small takes off a 
visible a with runway on . someone window in the sitting is a white small plane 
ground <unk> plane <unk> seen with small , spinning windows . through on 
a boy a tree watch climb . a girl to a try and dog 
tree look a on puppy girl climbs and boy 
that is two looking tree children . the up walking a the are dog at 
small on the the two watch children yellow . tree the dog 
standing with a on children a leash dog two is are tree against . who 
her babies is rock next six bird a a standing . on to 
walking rocks baby duck a . group ducks <unk> along a with some of 
an on nearby . stands seven adult with duck ducks a baby rock 
looks over the bird mother . babies her 
is <unk> a baby several there duck ducks . and 
swimming blue clear a a water in a . in pool girl is 
a clear . girl through water swims blue 
a underwater is in pool a . person swimming 
in a swimming person underwater swimming pool . a 
under water of picture . a blue somebody 
the <unk> kayaker a river . into 
in a waters in is rafting . wild a canoe person 
in in yellow person submerged a their water half . is kayak 
the <unk> water in . kayak has woman a nose her down 
a waters . kayak yellow man the is paddling in rough through 
shorts guy in arms chains a , , his parade outstretched a with top and a in gold is black . gold walking 
arms man <unk> his a raises parade in as he young a . 
shorts is black walking man in parade top young gold . with a and a short a 
shorts a jewelry parade . in man gold and by 
<unk> gold gold the necklaces man wearing shorts the . in many is 
. of decorated with in banners bus people a rainbow while carrying is the colors the 
a below bus on flags people people . the colorful with wave group a of at 
. from a bus are people flags covered in waving rainbow 
tall . wave in colorful a bus flags holding while people 
in a the bus parade <unk> . a wave <unk> to riding people on 
boy walks down street red rain through in . a heavy a shirt the 
yellow in a the street . down boy walks 
boy shirt his balls a tennis with rain walks in in the . 
the something walks . a on shirt their the in carring child rain street in 
a . girl <unk> front street a the in down walks holding bag <unk> office the 's of 
white with pants . and feathered dark and a green mask man jewelry a in green 
parade . a in in costume a participates man a 
parade a silver <unk> . and a in green in costume <unk> man a 
and pants . a wearing , beads green is man a mask green 
at dresses up parade . a in man garb hawaiian <unk> 
no wearing . parade flower man a a a is standing in shirt necklace plastic with 
without wearing necklace shirt flag pole a holding but a is flower a man 
man <unk> a and , . a shirtless <unk> pole carrying a wearing 
topless bracelet neck his a man arm whilst and flowers carries a wearing on around <unk> young a colorful his flag 
the . <unk> flag and with young a holding flowered the colorful is man colorful <unk> 
covered red shirtless is and . in is a <unk> man 
people in red are flag body the is while a holding a several with <unk> cheering man on his background 
a red man in a waving flag covered lipstick blue . kisses shirtless 
flag a <unk> shirtless a . man 
. red his a paint stick with holding shirtless a on <unk> man 
a . standing woman in pink in tattoos crowd front barrier cloth a a with is of naked and hair 
a on back with their lower . and person hair tattoos and upper pink 
with parade a watches red . woman hair a <unk> <unk> topless bright 
. an stands rainbow with a tattoos woman near banner a hair pink 
a at wearing . black shorts woman the parade is 
gets a sprayed a hose . by dog 
with dog water sprayed being is a . 
water dog by hit a jumping through air the getting . 
down is <unk> animal an . a wall by brick 
hose person screen with dog off . sprayed by leaping 
a table man metal sitting small a and are a at woman . 
. a a on each a woman sitting table of man metal side and small 
outside people older two drinking . coffee 
older two people table . sit outdoor at an cafe 
a at sit outside faces make people against table wall and . a two 
a a slide . wearing blue red boy off jumps the shirt 
. red blue little boy of playground slide a t-shirt jumps at a a in off a 
off wearing a boy shirt jumping slide park a young blue red of is . at a a 
shirt jumping slide a and is red of boy . blonde wearing off a blue the 
off . jumping a is kid slide there a blue 
dancing two other sunglasses a a in with . parade long-haired people is with woman 
blue woman sunglasses dancing and shirt a in a . 
and others a white . in with about <unk> is nearby woman skirt a top tank 
green in sunglasses . and performing girl the the top a is parade in 
. woman blue sunglasses in and shirt dancing a 
camera and a . uniform waving in a man smiling the at 
. while an banner during a in uniform waves a event a holding man 
man at camera a and in waves uniform smiles 
waves officer street a a fair . police at 
, of black part holding . , banner and waving the uniform a a man in hat is 
colorfully walk with . down road dressed onlookers center behind the the , of <unk> a people 
for , dressed a , and people in costumes , , are purple red green . orange yellow parade blue 
six street , color different are . costumes bright in each <unk> walking a a , people down 
. outfits colored in six brightly a parade wearing people walking 
green waving crowd are dressed , , six the the along . in red and purple orange parade , blue <unk> , to women , 
blowing bubble underwater . a boy is 
and boy his is coming a of bubbles are mouth underwater . out swimming 
a underwater child . breath his holds 
with his open diving eyes . the young through a boy water 
is young in pool boy . a swimming a underwater 
smiling men . leather shirtless are with vests 
has vest on a yellow the and in black black the . hat guy 
guys . in a in , crowd two leather standing 
two <unk> are smiling <unk> with . guys 
men parade smiling outfits leather in dressed walk a two in . <unk> 
woman a out peace parade is sign a during . holding a 
raises hand a . parade wearing a scarf red her she walks as in woman a 
shirts sign marching people with down <unk> in orange in <unk> street 
red is shirt sign banner her woman behind the with the fingers holding with red peace in a a . her up 
a . is the woman sign peace <unk> 
of few necklace elaborate and stands gold girl in blond a and a a a women green . dress man in front 
a standing green a the center a dress few with up in girl wearing people 
. green a wear is girl a dress 
girl wearing standing dress blonde green 
woman being dress observed in green 
over fountain plaid a boy shorts big wearing water . a jumping 
fountain man plaid shorts a jumping . over in is a 
man jumping over water a a fountain is . 
fountain . jumps near water a man a 
the person jumping is shorts a wearing flannel over fountain . 
and a on top girl toddler a a . herself grass in girl between in a holds front of purple the another bush 
sit the children three on grass . 
the in . are grass three children sitting little 
girls are sitting grass three little the on . 
the girls sitting three are on young lawn 
to pool . ball tries a into a catch jumping while boy a 
for a 's pool a a dives male . that ball flying over 
a male jumping a into swimming . pool 
. into swimming at hotel pool man a a dives the 
the is deck off man . leaping football to the pool of catch a 
running asian girl an is outside . 
path . is a rocky on asian running an woman 
runs path woman . on white a a chalk 
a . the woman on runs beach 
shirt running hair black woman and weeds a is up and tall sand with the white a . long 
is a . climbing partly woman cloudy a a <unk> hill sky by rocky 
woman <unk> edge a cliff . 's a 
rock . large walks a a woman across 
<unk> woman sports rocky standing shorts <unk> and black . an in on 
walking . rocks the woman on 
<unk> ramp on trick a doing a man a 
on the a pool grinding of . man lip his rollerblades a 
the man near crouches camera . a glasses green wearing 
on trick with does skateboard man glasses his a a green . 
a a rollerblader the skate ramp at pauses . of top 
in runner female race a a 
wearing carrying bottle whilst running woman a . beverage athlete black an orange orange is and 
top an is in orange woman and a . shorts running black 
is a a a race plastic . carrying running woman bottle 
jogger woman a . 
a a biker in bmx trick attempting . is midair 
. the on does boy a in a woods trick bike a 
with bike is trick in a air the a . person 
riding jump . a very , doing high a person bike a 
air high performing the the a is . trick young man in bicycle 
dock into and of the . a water jumps man a off 
a . jumping into dock off water a person 
jumping . water into the person 
boy the off . into of dock jumps water the a 
jumping . the water dock into shirt a is shorts off and the wearing person , a 
cop standing person a is to clown next a like . dressed a 
stands a police to as a . woman batman officer next female dressed <unk> in the 
face a from . mouth a piece red hanging of man makeup by <unk> with and officer police her being fabric is a 
standing glasses a . <unk> wearing person a to red bright next 
person in red mouth <unk> and <unk> cloth , with . colors with with 
<unk> . dogs their enjoying with couple a high the 
and man man on a a two his another grassy of some taking dogs hills is photo 
dog the training on mountain 
white man blue in shirt the of the two man shirt with picture takes the the a wearing . dogs the 
hike take . two two with a men dogs 
with two a field . them mountainous crossing behind , hikers terrain snowy 
a . , hikers bikini walk wearing one two on snow 
people <unk> . in hiking two are a mountainous 
people in two in mountains shorts on the with . lake the hike the in background a snow 
a people field walks . of two across snow 
. an climbs a girl water inflatable wall over 
water climbs on up floating the woman object . a a 
a people near on . water structure climb 
an a wall climbing is girls are floating artificial . two on lake that climbing in 
two . device climbing is on water an climb girls floating <unk> in that 
<unk> . are doing girls 
girls <unk> inside . 
with chairs , girls large do folding in a one cartwheels empty room side to little . 
. doing watching stand two other children cartwheels girls are around as 
cartwheels other girls children doing look , on while two . 
in boy a is jumping skateboard . a the of on red middle bridge 
a skateboard kid bridge on a a on doing tricks 
. on a is skateboarder a bridge airborne 
. jumps bridge a down skateboard a 
jumped air into skateboarder the shirt white . the in the 
red race a uniform a in bike dirt . makes a man a in jump 
participates in race a man a bmx . 
are bumpy a riders around racing . two track bmx 
bike go two people dirt racing . 
a over ride people bumpy two racetrack bicycles . 
behind cricket catching batter <unk> ball the person a the and it . playing him is 
misses cricket player the pitch . a 
<unk> . man out cricket playing a 
wearing a <unk> bat swings including a guards cricket , man game white in the . , 
the cricket . men playing three are 
three dogs walking are group . a the snow through of 
. dogs snow a the by in three fence 
to . in dogs blue three fence next snow a the 
to snow fence in standing next three dogs blue . a 
snow . and a dog walk dogs through small two yellow 
a man playing piano a 
woman with a image on . painted a plays of man piano an a it 
the with piano a decorated red ponytail a is a table playing . with a a cloth man street next in to 
plays . in ponytail a man a public a piano with 
side piano the painting has person on <unk> playing that 
colored airplane smoke . red heavy <unk> 
over airplane an <unk> trying a to fire the mountain flying is . 
is a <unk> dropping over a <unk> plane . the red small 
. plane <unk> is over an being orange the and white by spray red flying <unk> 
over red over fire . mountaintop small dropping airplane flies red <unk> 
river two . raft are a yellow a into dragging people 
pulling two are a a people . pond in raft life 
a . yellow people through them two is man towards are a as <unk> stream pushing running a 
two yellow a a tube in small brown by people pond hats surrounded . pull greenery in 
people two . through water their with <unk> raft the 
push in green group in cannon a . of parade shirts a people a 
to . <unk> matching a people outfits in next 
cannon several an during old jerseys a dressed in . people roll like competition 
a front in men the wooden pushing are . along of ground audience wheel six an large 
young adults <unk> a . wheel wearing uniforms 
of front does skateboard on a crowd . trick a his a man in 
without the a shirt in skateboarder air grabs board his a . 
with young audience skateboard . man <unk> tricks his a the 
no . <unk> skateboard on with with back shirt and hand airborne in man 
a a in crowd of spectators . front skateboarder jump performs the of 
is a sitting on shirt the people ground in girl . looking at bunch of down white a a 
the sitting standing on at . a people of night ground group are around and 
. group gather the on sitting of some pavement a standing people outside , some , 
sitting of standing outdoors and . group people 
light near . adults gather bright a young 
snow the backpack red . a blonde in woman a with 
headband a a snow red the lady a . is near in with backpack 
<unk> holds <unk> a that in a snow woman the outside . container 
something with in a <unk> snow . is the up gear woman camping 
snowy woman . outdoors in making a landscape drinks 
black looking is dog through . a the fence 
a runs . a fence dog along brown 
running a along dog outside a . is fence dark brown 
a the runs grass dog along in fence . large black a 
walks on green fence a grass greyhound the looks through . dog brown and 
a talks boy a to . man 
is . older speaking both while sitting a boy to are man an 
while outfits boys wearing talking unique two . 
males two conversation are . a in period costume having 
sitting and at looking on . other each benches people two 
cyclist a 
on . red a man a bicycle riding 
his down white wearing man a bike helmet . red red riding a and the street 
bike racing with a . arm his a on a is red red leg numbers riding man and helmet and 
helmet with bicycle a riding red man a on . a is red 
are . a front in of men hut standing a of group period in clothing 
as pirates of group . dressed people a 
are the people looking attire in older . 
clothes people maroon the wooden in building . in a are and white 
. seven the gathered men are 
group adults parachute and outdoors . children of with a play a 
of large . group waving are and cloth children down a a up 
people parachute underneath run two while to ball of a up fetch group soccer a holding people a sheet bed like a . 
people heads . a of sheet raise large above their fabric many 
people . is holding large of the sheet a group 
. girls a playing mud two in in small pool 
people mud wrestling two . 
in mud wrestling pool . two a woman kiddie are 
a women . in two <unk> 
a <unk> women <unk> two blue in 
drummer outdoors haired . music long a plays 
and outdoors tattoos with a drum hair plays long man a . 
a and a face his plays while his arms his dot covers drum hair musician . tattoos , 
person hair shakes a and their a . <unk> <unk> drum 
concert an the drummer the . drums outdoor <unk> at 
, other dog obstacle walking through . her are while the in course a an lady background people 
and and obstacle a trainer tan course dog an white small running 
is brown an course obstacle guiding dog a a woman around 
is . a with an through hat leading small a course obstacle a dog woman 
an the through is obstacle woman leading course dog a . 
a a in soccer a uniform a a him head soccer , with male in player black on male player white purple uniform ball his behind and soccer . soccer white 
in with man in a his white with the soccer purple a man <unk> him . <unk> ball while head 
team on the the the game man against a a ball heading purple team in white 
soccer <unk> two while guys playing 
and ball . playing guys making two faces 
ends with toy dogs holding swimming of two their mouths opposite . a 
grey . water two dogs are in stick carrying a the 
in toy dogs two to a lake grey retrieve white swimming a . 
white by mouths . dogs side identical in their brown holding both something two side 
similar share toy brown swimming two a white while . dogs holding 
high below another ball on waits . leaps yellow for dog grass dog as 
ball the are outside to one on with . one ground air , the these get dogs a jumping and two in 
play big dog ball jump a makes two one while with 
play . with a a dogs ball two in field 
in with field . ball two dogs tennis play 
a bicyclist steep a <unk> ramp down riding wearing a 
ramp rider near bike catches air a . a 
in a rider . midair bmx 
shirt ramp is . bicycle his a jumping man wearing green a off a 
green ramp doing on in wooden trick shirt cyclist 
a cement skates wall inline skating down wearing a man is 
rollerblader railing down sliding . a is a 
. a long skater wall down slides staircase beside a a 
. handrail stone boy outdoor of is a a teenage flight the riding steps a skateboard of on 
. the <unk> skater wall the slides down 
. boy holding a a rope 
boy plaid plays with string a in a . shirt 
wearing of boy standing with . by tree rope checked a shirt is a a green a piece 
woods with in . the a boy rope 
rope the under boy . holding tree the a 
in boy sitting car seat in the car <unk> a is a of a . 
sitting while a his boy car face making seat a in 
a in making sitting boy car face a a surprised 
. a seat <unk> silly a young face is making into boy car a 
car silly is a in boy seat the . <unk> face young with a 
<unk> . dressed standing a women on in a colorful round stage of line 
bright are competition wearing several . a in women dresses 
on in stage tropical . several a clothing stand young women 
an line front on . women dresses audience festive up <unk> in in of 
dresses in standing on young a women stage 
a singing and guitar man playing white as well a 
guitar man his . white plays a 
a black a guitar white . tattooed in and singing playing man 
man guitar and . singing playing a 
. is performing this guitarist 
fighting . competition on karate girls 
. uniforms in two are girls martial kicking other arts each 
. tournament karate performing a are people at two 
woman karate doing two are . 
another kick two at in . their one karate women uniforms 
a while hill is over far behind rider a not flies a . <unk> bicycle 
. off another racer not a a dirt far racer with hill behind bike jumping 
competition rider on jump . is slightly motocross a airborne circuit a 
a on . track a a person race in dirt riding a bike dirt is 
rider over jumps <unk> of a hill a . racetrack 
a little fluffy running snow dog through the 
an <unk> is walking snow dog . the colored forward in 
walking through a dog small snow the 
the tan snow . small dog runs a through 
. walking is snow through tan a dog 
down in . hill skis a man shorts a 
clothing skiing summer thin on snow a in . man 
white a shirt a skier is . shorts the skiing black wearing down and snow 
. clothing hill racing snowy down summer people in a 
competing are skiers . 
shirt in blonde . toddler pants fence and wooden a green standing a a white at 
a a is by boy fence little standing blond . 
blond toddler a in through a <unk> fence . peeks green 
is fence toddler by a shorts standing in green wooden a . 
along a a toddler fence walks . 
man mouth on on while man right raising his his the the with open hand is left the 
his neck blue a around his arm a headphones . wearing raises man and shirt 
<unk> headphones another sign sits while man near stands wearing . and <unk> , 
blue man wearing is computer the to who the at . around a is the working next man headphones sitting shirt in neck his 
a computer on men playing two 
man waterskiing surfboard holds a to air handle leaps the flips bald in on a black on , in wetsuit a a 
man a a a on doing trick wakeboard 
a . a a background waterskiing in in person river large with wall the 
wakeboarder . soars the a air through 
a <unk> while by boat sports performing . water pulled male being 
bald a climbing rocks man . 
shirtless . bald climbing man rock , a 
rocky climbing cliff a up a man 
rock a . man on is climbing with shirt no 
a . a climber scales rock mountain 
jacket goggles his life mouth and a him with yellow next a . dressed water with boy a in open man to in wide 
a . and enjoy the father child water 
from wearing a the yellow look and life a up man vest . water child 
child open smiling man an . life a with <unk> a and yellow vest in goggles poses 
posing water in and jacket life boy a for picture wearing man 
<unk> . while rider through bike a jumps air the being 
another air on picture while a into takes high a guy the person bike his jumps 
bicyclist taking performing trick a in of . a a a man is the picture air 
someone is air bike a a catches massive a picture man while taking bmx on 
over cyclist jumps films sunset camera photographer <unk> as <unk> . at 
has wings bird and its standing wide is rocks a . very spread on 
by , off bird large surrounded rocks a takes 
a grey water the . over rocks flies by some bird 
large a duck stream flight in . over rocky a 
. <unk> a is over rocks flying 
bird water a with drinks long a . <unk> orange 
water out eat an . things his the <unk> to neck of still stretches 
crane looks in food . a for water the white 
. near bird <unk> white tall the water in stands 
a white . the in is crane <unk> for pond food 
hand a with metal a in . posing <unk> each is boy 
<unk> boy in with spoon long posing each shirt and with shorts is yellow hand . a a brown light a 
in holds makes <unk> face a a man funny orange . <unk> and 
shaped a while other with young in object funny <unk> a similar one expression shaped in . a hand object holds making a and man air the the 
in <unk> orange shirt a . two <unk> man an young 
. as two flowers they track grassy a carry along walk children 
. two hands hold flowers and children 
. dirt carrying walking flowers in two a down children road jackets 
holding . children along two flowers walk path purple a 
flowers holding town dirt walk a , road girl two . 
sunset the edge girl a of standing on a and at boy are lake . a 
pond two walking are a by children 
<unk> . pond by a are walking two 
people painted are reflecting lake silhouetted two sky a against a . 
two lake . people sunset a silhouetted against at 
in boat . water a the floats 
red a . boat the sail of and back body scene this a white water in with a in of 
is red with a a body in of a sail white ship . water and 
. sails water boat in rough 
with between <unk> two sail distant striped boat land . sailing , 
rope people a of a group on pulling 
three rope a girls tug . 
are has in the long mountain climbing . hair lady front people and three 
are three hillside people a rope pulling . a on 
tug-of-war side three of on one women a 
riding beside is pathway orange green an a bike t-shirt . in a child a 
in red . is a child a bicycle riding 
. bicycle walk side by baby helmet path riding a is wearing child of 
a girl . a bike dirt on is her little trail riding 
a brick bike walkway the young park a child is in along a . in a riding dirt 
watch an some boys through obstacle course . outside runs girl as a 
a two group by . on <unk> a clear sidewalk of children 
girl and on a . sidewalk and four grass boys a 
while playing look is the four . girl boys on 
in others watch girl while the the . grass runs 
railing a boy white wearing a pink a and jumping shirt on <unk> 
of handrail of a jumps man . outdoor staircase an the 
a skateboard on . person a 
balancing on is . the stairs a of rail skateboarder 
teenage off rail jumps boy a . a 
blond bench of two a body near water are on . park hair ladies a sitting 
sit two bench . on a park woman 
sitting a park on bench two are women 
women two bench . by on sitting a the water 
along a . waterfront edge a women bench sitting wood two on 
ride big little sister . giving sister a pink in piggy her back a is 
as riding piggy is girl back . an another tape pass red they on some girl asian 
child child one on her carries another . back 
her one back on little with <unk> another little an at look girl girl object standing . 
a fountain <unk> shirts behind in pink . girls looking from rope red a two at 
stunt bmx boy bike performs on a . a a 
bicycle a a . man a obstacle trick does concrete on 
doing bmx tricks a man bike a on 
the an while bicycle he the bicyclist and a bicycle extreme is his <unk> air performing . jump in is with 
a move trick <unk> . bike doing a in person 
an . window of sticks van a boy out a <unk> <unk> <unk> 
. an out looking the two rv of boys window 
stuffed the window boys two a rv toy out one <unk> of while a holds . 
of <unk> two pet children window a the rv with out snake . an 
with window boys stuffed young the out of white snake a lean two . their rv toy 
and back a to bench a sit man in a woman a back a front of with door painted building on colorful . 
storefront . woman a sit outside a and on a <unk> bench man a 
a . man <unk> building and outside a woman sitting 
in back to . back woman and sitting man a the sun outside 
decorative on . a building people are sitting a outside two of bench 
and pigeons a a park their baby couple at <unk> . 
. a around fly family sits park at birds while a 
. pigeons man a large of a flock is <unk> at 
birds . and various woman child young man and by surrounded a a a 
a man . park sitting pigeons bench watching a on 
sand the black along , <unk> brown and <unk> a runs . dog an wave 
waves with a dog parallel running ocean . the is 
running the a . surf in dog 
a on dog . runs shore the 
the next crashing . waves the of dog runs ocean the to 
an . in cone front racing bikers orange , 
road men a bikes on their race . 
. around three a bicyclists curve race 
a three . turn curve bicyclists on 
racing people cones through the bikes three orange . on 
over <unk> a a machine . riding man snow 
snowmobile on . a person a 
stunt a snow snowmobile and a a the rides person . does over 
snowmobile riding in end with front . air <unk> the up 
wheelie pops a riding someone a snowmobile . 
road paved a <unk> wearing blue man unicycle a a . riding on is 
on a . the shirt in a man a blue rides unicycle street 
a riding man unicycle paved a a road down 
the shirt rides . a in a blue wearing checkered unicycle a street man 
wearing long . sleeved riding a street a blue man a jeans shirt down and is unicycle a 
on sunlight low shirtless the water something the with a boy throwing 
young boy in a a . the a into rock throws water swimsuit 
man water a the something . in throws young 
the something ocean . into boy throwing 
. the while the on , shore a standing is making throwing man motion 
large grassy in for brown dog lady out a run and a black and a place her 
dog the woman in brown a a through field and running black and woods her 
is dog shirt in running woman . grass in a the with a a white 
trees a a dog in the a field grassy woman in running with with is background . 
a . black with and a area through brown woman dog a grassy running 
his arms with in man with a . mohawk air the a 
a with man <unk> wearing a multicolored outfit hair 
. a a person store is and a in a kilt jersey in a mohawk sports and 
in <unk> computer <unk> <unk> the <unk> . punk store 
<unk> man . clothing poses the a the and in with store hair 
in <unk> a . " of ride called frog group the children " 
group a . " a <unk> the fair children frog ride at of " on 
midair <unk> <unk> a called children the frog five . ride on 
ride . a on <unk> little are frog called kids five the 
an amusement are on ride park kids . little 
a a on back helmet tire bicyclist jumping his a wearing trick 
on a . truck bike rocky guy a doing his a beach on 
on bicycle a performing a . a at is a beach trick man rocky 
bike doing rocky on a . man on ground white a tricks 
on on a a a a rocky . bike man wheelie beach pops 
skateboarding man graffiti at which park covered . in a skateboarding a is 
the of while , in person air . of skateboarding in front graffiti a a wall 
. a <unk> skateboarder on a jumping ramp 
a in a on midair park at skate skateboard boy 
ramp the the over skateboarder jumps . 
at restaurant mexican . seat empty themed an a 
chairs a . colored red <unk> diner red dark 
foreground in empty mexican crowded , . chair restaurant 
restaurant mexican in sit a many . people 
<unk> in a restaurant people mexican sitting are . 
large in . walking through a people garden a city 
in through of city people the a garden . a walking middle 
three are flowers in . people walking park with a 
in . the walk path down a beside of background on a cement three a <unk> field <unk> with people 
the a of in three people right walking park outside . city 
coat pink plays a girl in in a . leaves the 
in a throws air the in pink a . leaves girl coat 
the in some a girl jacket air . throwing in pink <unk> a little up 
in of little pink a a her a front over jacket head girl fence throws leaves . in 
leaves a into young . girl pink air the a in throwing coat 
and girl yellow wave on in <unk> orange the through . a a and pink surfboard pink 
rides a surfer . wave the 
on surfboard shirt yellow a pink in woman . surfs a a 
wave on a surfboard woman rides a a 
the catches on her wave pink . girl surfboard a 
. on fountain sitting couple a water bench front in of 
the sitting old . bench a men on are 
fountain are a on a bench sitting at two water men looking 
two of a fountain men sit bench three on <unk> a in . front 
sit at people bench on . two fountain looking a park a 
a skateboard is on boy over flower a . outside a bush jumping 
black clothes a jumps skateboarder over a in . bench 
performing skateboarder wooden a bench from a is . jump a 
an youth is over doing his bench a skateboard . brown ollie with with a hair 
air bench with advertisement the by in skateboarder a 
twilight palm boats over , during end a . dock at a tree and with water the five 
dock a the near one other on 2 of man boats men are boats . stands several a on , while 
palm pier three has at tree a . a and docked men lone which boats 
parked at sunset boats a <unk> at . 
boats dock people by are . three there the on the 
black obstacle . course dog going an white a through is and 
bar jumps white dog a black . and a over 
a . black dog over a hurdle leaping 
collie a over jumping . a hurdle border 
a jumping white black dog blue and obstacle over 
a red is . in guy in snowboarding a jacket midair 
man railing snow a down in is the snowboarding a . 
man down a obstacle over and red a skiing a . hill 
leaps a to <unk> person the an snowboarding hill down obstacle . over 
a over a on . course a ramp mountain jumps snowboarder 
a man . bagpipes playing 
bagpipes a plays . the man 
a wearing a . coat playing man skirt a a is plaid bagpipe and green 
the wearing playing a kilt man is a bagpipes . 
<unk> man wearing . an playing the a outside bagpipes older 
jumping water of out a black dog is . 
the water a jumping dog . woods black in in 
a a wooded the leaps water near shoreline from black dog 
in dog playing water a . 
jumping pond up . from animal the 
a . young red gravel along wearing road runs a boy a shirt 
on a <unk> runs a playground with boy young a shirt at . 
the . path running boy a top on gravel is wearing red a 
runs across . boy the the little gravel 
a wearing this running shorts red , boy . and is shirt , blue 
boy in baby cries while . the park a the grass at sitting 
boy the a grass . cries in 
a the little on boy grass crying 
grass the . is in in a sandals sitting little shorts and boy 
the a wearing . and hat boy a little on grass sits sandals 
flipping bike black a over rider ramp a . 
does a flip air the in cyclist . a 
a . in performs tricks man stadium a off motorbike a ramp 
a a jump air the rides down a into upside person . bicycle on high and 
midair motorcyclist <unk> upside in down a during <unk> 
splash in paddling is making . a huge a boy a pool 
a slide going red down slip . blue boy and and little is a 
with landing a slide little boy very slip & a wet . splash a on 
water slide a boy toy young sliding down a . 
playing game getting . boy little an water outdoor soaked 
. midair a object girl in in yellow a large dress over pink a 
. pink a jumped into a in air has girl the shirt 
a . jumping girl is 
a girl jumping young air through on the a playground . 
young air wearing over equipment a dress pink . playground the a through jumps girl 
two are and the . dog children out a in snow black playing 
a dog woods with behind a and play them in . two children the snow 
children two running snow around a and . dog in 
in . play children two and the dog snow their 
two kids a . snow the in and play dog 
into a dog a lake black jumping . 
black is jumping . the red with water in dog a a collar 
. collar black red jumping dog water a of a is with out the 
splashing with in black red collar water dog 
is the . with water a dog collar black through jumping the red 
his holds a . green a in boy mouth apple 
apple his wearing mouth boy has a life jacket in . an a 
in holding his child a apple is an mouth 
green young a a eats jacket child . apple a life in 
with a wearing mouth red a green his apple child life is jacket in 
<unk> ball for . lacrosse of control players the 
team hit red breaks through player the , two team players lone black to ball 
. play men field hockey 
like field the sport hockey some of what men looks on type sticks . play with 
game for field ball the going . a are in guys hockey three 
holding hoodie . a pizza in and a red and beer cap <unk> person <unk> 
food holding signs woman a advertising 
a down woman hooded . carrying signs advertisement a sweatshirt sidewalk in a pink 
carrying pink signs a walks . a wearing sweatshirt woman 
lady <unk> her street 's products <unk> the the on . 
blue water catch and to dog frisbee a black red a into some jumping 
back a a frisbee dog get black the to boat in sits a into water the while jumps . 
dog water jumping a is into the 
after collar a . jumping dog into frisbee a the wearing black is red is the and water 
black floating the above boat frisbee dog jumps the a water . near a towards 
family of scenic background front in a a and . woman boys man two and pose of young a 
. woman and , children man a two , 
a of by on some a . rocks top family posing picture lake for 
two posing in background and with two mountains the adults boys and a lake 
pose on a two two adults mountaintop children and . 
with flowers is . dog on white walking a a brown path wooded 
a forest a walking down a is corgi path in . 
white running wooded very a dog with a through is large flowers . area 
through area dog a foliage . an of a heavy is along path dirt walking 
across path runs the dog a . 
in bikini water in a a black splashes female the . 
up the water the . sun in soaking girl a 
an ocean being wave . a girl is splashed by 
water . the a sitting is in woman 
background . water with others in splashes a the in woman , 
make of . couple up with beer <unk> 's a stands wedding girl a a glass a at to 
and dress woman a man long <unk> a to a dark of seated a . wearing couple a lady in <unk> a white suit a drink 
<unk> . with speak wedding <unk> a at their couple 
formal . sit a table clothing several at people in 
their reception groom drink bride wedding are <unk> the a at getting . and 
dog and swimming . black a lake a white in is 
green black and is lake dog in white . a large a swimming 
swimming pond a dog in . a 
through water . treads dog a dark green 
black the swimming dog white the is and . in river 
. pants of camo bunch run a people in 
. wearing of army shirt men and a a group pants woman and white running are 
men white in t-shirts are . group in yard camouflage and a <unk> pants of running a 
of people group . army a running pants in 
down the . army wearing people group street clothes a together run of 
a and dog over poles brown white white jumping blue and 
a a and hurdle white brown jumps . dog over dog 
a hurdle and brown jumps . white field purple dog in a a white over and 
course a through dog obstacle an runs . 
and and purple brown white . bar white dog jumps over 
a an people of area around gathered in urban a group mural 
the people painting <unk> of . group of building side an of in colors a a 
on a wall a . being mural is painted 
work . people a mural many <unk> street on 
a wall a painting several people colorful mural on 
at a carrying . man a and man a <unk> carnival bald bearded 
the man wearing a hat a plastic white . smiles toys camera while looks a at man holding away 
. two fair bearded a men at 
two at beard with a one men . a carnival 
front park amusement two of standing ride in men an 
water on blocks black jumping concrete dog brown is of in . and a the 
a dog some carefully over crosses water . black 
. in water at his the looking black dog reflection 
water a dock black dog into looks near murky 
dog on the . a black <unk> jumps 
blue tank dog top , wearing a eating a woman backpack fat and <unk> a <unk> a 
<unk> in . hand woman dog a holding her an right <unk> 
hot with . woman dog a <unk> a covered holding giant 
with . eating hot shirt a woman dog in a a blue a backpack 
a woman . top <unk> in a a tank eats dog blue hot <unk> 
a black being <unk> road while by dirt man <unk> biker . in in speeds on red a 
rides a up uniform bicycle rocky wearing his man red a a hill 
an another he as . in performs photographed biker the stunt road dirt off is 
takes a while a . a on someone bike picture person dirt riding 
guy a in . red getting on bike dirt the photographed is 
man bench in a a . snowboarding on green dressed 
is person green a practicing and a in white his . and pants snowboard green jacket on 
above . a person in on pants ground the green snow snowboard covered a 
on <unk> . snowboarder a in bench balancing a is green 
standing . in is a on snowboard green someone pants 
holding boy is blue a a blonde . umbrella 
a blue umbrella holds he as a boy him above . smiles little 
wet an umbrella stands boy under a . 
is blue . umbrella the the kid under 
it though blue is blue is boy t-shirt the smiling not the <unk> little in under the umbrella <unk> . 
other standing . each are be next appear females and <unk> to to two 
. looking a by wall left to off girls are their standing wooden two 
. <unk> of front with stand women in two hair black 
young are women wall up two a against wooden . leaning 
arms . , with screen look one off folded , young women two 
on to sitting next a is rock a girl waterfall a . 
by <unk> massive an of waterfalls sits the a pool . on <unk> shore 
sits person . waterfall on a the of at a large edge a rock 
a . a a person fall on sitting by rock 
woman a to on waterfall is rock next a sitting . a large 
a posing the rocks camera . for family on sitting 
rocky hillside . children on the have sitting <unk> couple their in the 
on pile . a of rocks four people sit the 
children two . two and adults pile of pose a rocks on 
adults a for and picture two sitting children two on rocks 
large goes bird the white across water a 
is surface . the a water white off flying bird 
in the preparing a catch white bird something water to 
water 's the large . the shows reflection white in bird 
white . bird wet walking across sand 
are brown and orange bright dresses head african scarves and american three in women dressed . 
of gathered are . costume yellow curtain orange in in front a three women traditional african 
, . women make-up putting african two dressed in and on of are are clothes three them 
make <unk> women on three . touches <unk> wearing traditional clothing the their 
<unk> their on are putting and women robes . 
bikers other of a dirt each a race . group down mountain hill 
do . group motorbikes of on a tricks people 
bikers riding a jump dirt . off 
four a motorcycle track on . racers are dirt 
racing on motorcycles are a dirt track four . 
a is casting . a river man in rope out and a wading 
standing a fishing in lake a . man 
jacket is high . a red boots fly knee man fishing wearing a and 
. a shorts little fishes stream man a in young in 
fly a a behind in river man . is there trees with him fishing 
child . at park a a swings high 
a young swing a a child at playground on swinging 
children on swings two swinging 
kids . swinging a on are two playground 
at on children ride the playground . swings young two a 
standing with them four rugby ground two behind on . players the 
teams ball . of struggle soccer field on to the two members the get 
fighting the players on ball ground the soccer for . 
wrestling the the players player ground in the are in to yellow rugby . red 
three team of the . red grass are a team yellow the members the with in of member 
dress back with to stands white black bow a with . girl and the her camera big a 
outside many . people gather 
people outside . watching stand something 
same area direction . the costumes a wooded people with in are looking gathered 
in back little ; woman at costume looks the girl of her a 
a of a white is dog green and and <unk> grass in brown a toy with . playing field 
a plushie a in retrieving of toy and white dog <unk> field . white brown a 
field distorted flower a in of a playing photo a dog 
toy its carrying in a dog in a mouth grass . 
little object a a through field <unk> with mouth . dog is in brown the white running its 
up <unk> stairs runs jogger a . training brick for 
is of down . man stairs skating a set a 
a skateboarder on jumps stairs . brick 
man young a outdoor empty arena skateboards the sports . around 
brick a man . skateboarding large is staircase on the 
an boy . off obstacle scooter during falls his course of a 
flips a cones his orange he . a scooter boy between skates as wearing helmet up 
from silver begins a a a helmet person fall . wearing to scooter 
to woman off about . scooter fall a is a 
a , off lot scooter falling in parking this person is . a 
scarf her around in head woman a . a a with blue blue sweater 
covering in camera a woman looking is away a head . the from 
a a headscarf is a blue blue sweater woman wearing and . 
on woman . teal scarf a and her a with a head <unk> wearing sunglasses teal 
head . is a woman with there scarf green her around a 
pelican a flies . over water the 
over bird water very . flying a large 
flying . over a white is pelican ocean the 
white is flying . pelican ocean the the over 
<unk> flying white ocean over 
a red on person and bike while person red in stunts in . a shoes watches hat doing a a yellow 
while person a takes friend bike is on the a trick doing his in . a picture air a 
person red jumps a . bike a toward yellow in 
boy bicycle in midair on 
doing bicycle person jump 
. tutu wearing a dog black a pink standing on feet and small is two 
reach costume to flowers . legs hind dog in small dangling on stands 
red a beside up wall jumping dog . the is 
is black down and tutu pink a brown small . the wearing 
stands legs a hind dog . the its tutu small on wearing 
bike forest through man a riding the a 
a through . trail <unk> biker rides a mountain 
. trail along dirt mountain travels inside a heavily area a wooded biker a 
near person trees . biking a 
rides area . racing forest through bicyclist in gear 
posing shown there embracing ladies two . and <unk> are 
smiling <unk> . two 
smiling their arms around each two are and . have other women 
the . women for camera two smile 
with smile other two . their women around arms each 
shot a girl of camera closeup a posing for . and the three guys 
woman men three a photo are for posing a and 
glasses three poses woman camera with for men a . the wearing 
either the pose two arms man head a another on her men . her with her peeks cheeks over of side while on of woman 
three for picture a posing and woman men 
a on woman a and front girl lawn sitting a 
sits woman girl lawn wearing clothes on , from book , traditional the a reading front . and a 
<unk> sitting reading grass young . wearing on to a clothing is the woman a girl 
reading on a blanket the are sitting a lady girl a book and . , 
lawn sharing . sitting blanket on women on the book while a a two 
boy . into bike leaps and his air the a 
boy . bicycle does tricks park on a while a in a 
a a a on doing trick boy bike 
the as bike a on his is doing tricks boy . flies he in air 
this has . biker this young out tries trick his he arms as 
water covered racing across the boat red a 
water a red racing high the across . speed boat skips 
crosses . red a the water boat speed 
speeds watercraft the through water . a 
races red boat across . marked water <unk> 
a man shirt and vest a white pink . a in guitar plays 
. in a shirt man pink playing guitar a 
suit shirt pink a plays man a white guitar . a in and 
pants while plays . a onstage a wearing guitar man 
. holding outfit and man white the in pink a is the guitar 
on greyhounds racing track a 
lead a race with yellow wearing dog and number black the the greyhound 8 stripes and 
racing a at dogs . track 
leading the on # the with way 8 , race track . greyhound dogs 
on dirt a . dogs racing greyhound track some are 
rides rider . bmx a wall , 
a side does of man his . a bicycle off with trick wall a the 
a a man near . with bike jumps his wall brick 
off with brick bicycle a a performing wall man trick a . is 
the brick rides man bicycle his the . up wall 
teams on of boys group a . are soccer playing opposing young 
. playing soccer children the goal net near 
. soccer boys four playing 
soccer field playing children run a grassy . along four 
soccer ball a boy red young shirt the kicking in . the is 
boys bathing of a little bunch . running trunks in 
run wet trunks boys two swim in . 
boys . race a young in competing two 
walk suits young in boys bathing two 
along the pavement boys running young . 
man a . surfing 
. a the ocean surfs person in 
. surfer large wave the catching ocean in a a 
riding surfer a wave 
a a surfer at wetsuit . <unk> wave the of wearing 
violin girl . a the dress a and street is a on playing sunglasses colorful in 
red violin woman a the playing haired 
plays outside woman in a . a violin dress 
a a violin woman plays outdoors . 
standing plays near . woman dress wearing instrument tree an while a a plaid a 
water . the drinks sprinkler a dog 
. sprinkler is the brown dog small a the grass with playing and white in 
terrier plays sprinkler small . in a a 
and white . the is the running little dog black sprinkler in 
water . in dog the squirted white a being the of jet is face with 
children a . jumping and pool swimming woman into a three are 
by pool a and children . in chairs surrounded <unk> pool jumping 
a . off the into pool edge jump children 
. jump a girls three pool into 
jumping girls . are three into a swimming wearing goggles pool together 
park the horse play . the slide points boy a on a at to 
rides boy a horse toy . a 
. playground horse the is at a riding a <unk> boy little 
a pointing a a boy while slide rides on toy playground to a . small 
skinned . playground a boy play horse a fair at young rides a 
cars of lot <unk> a a parked . bunch in are 
other shown <unk> an cars is . car yellow is up with that lined 
people <unk> . classic cars 
parked fashioned cars . several old together are 
classic cars of front old . <unk> some people them park in 
parking couple lot . in a a 
past a walks parking couple . a a car in lot 
a . a are a the with front car a walking fancy on woman past man <unk> and 
a past a silver red car walk woman a <unk> hood with a man and 
walking a next red with an unusual and <unk> car . woman man a hood to 
. brown through is jumping and black sprinkler dog a a 
sprinkler a a dog with playing 
shepherd runs a through german sprinkler . a 
. yard a a tan through black water jumps the dog sprinkler in and 
it is is with the squirted a jet being german up jumping dog shepherd of water . as 
his martial a . man performing kicks opponent arts 
kick other match attempts martial to the . in face arts a the a , during man 
tournament two karate in . men compete a 
people . outfits fighting two karate dressed in are 
people match a are having two <unk> black karate in white . with 
a bike a two and kites field in 
is open kid a . bike in a riding field an 
and flying . person a a picture kites motorcyclist of landscape a 
<unk> in attached a kites to wheeled field 
in fly people kites field a two 
a race of ride in a group people 
group bikes . large riding a bicycles of their 
bicycles . in a race 
in participate . bikers race a 
men . there many racing are on their bicycles 
black cap jeans t-shirt , on a . blue steps and , over , bike a boy in leaps 
down his asian an bicycle and rides shirt red a and railing a black black man . jeans in 
performs a his on . bicycle a teenager <unk> 
bike <unk> man stair sliding down a . on 
his this handrail man bicycle . <unk> has on a 
sitting chairs woman a turquoise to man a in and truck . next 
near older colored an . bright a <unk> car couple 
sitting outside next there , folding truck chairs to and on a a a man woman is . 
. talking people old in hill front of in a two chairs sitting 
. man next to their sit woman green and truck 
a a with ball his in high . air the <unk> bat baseball player 
in from to of a the walking uniform bleachers white . crowd people a base watch player is a while baseball 
near baseball player home . plate a 
his raises baseball a above the head bat . player 
catch baseball runs the a to . ball player 
dog has <unk> a black golden is its a . dog in mouth that something with 
a black with <unk> trying a dog dog brown to 
a yellow and bottle . over play a a dog fight plastic brown dog 
that dog is a climbing its mouth brown is a bottle carrying . dog in over golden 
. a bottle two play dogs with 
front with <unk> man colorful in . glasses of stands display a a 
glasses a wearing . man bald 
with . man of a a coat tree front in in sign a brown a 
of stands wearing sign man billboard in a . and <unk> a front a glasses 
in of front truck a outside standing is older an man . 
crying woman . in a an sitting window is while elderly 
woman window a . reading sitting elderly an is by 
book a a reads . front a woman window of in 
down woman a someone to with her reading beside sitting . her her mouth and head hand 
of window woman is an front a there in . old 
air playing outside the are four jumping . and in dogs 
the air jumping four field in a . dogs in 
, in one reach at dogs four an it jumping the . to look object sky 
air of object dogs two an the watch unseen in , four them . leaping 
seated the legs air dogs two and something are dogs . at on looking two in hind 
another a watches his arm . man on as knife balances man a 
his man another is on . a has man and a watching arm knife 
in air nearby a a is while the . another stands tossing man man knife 
. to off trick young man a shows another knife a 
a the in bright his the man knife shirt is balancing on colored . arm 
lifted by air is shirt baby a . the into a man wearing no 
adult the held over being child an of head a . 
a and young child . a man 
shirt holding <unk> baby with a man no a . 
into boy sky young raising clear the . man blue 
event one man martial a the at . another in arts shoulder kicks 
martial a in . artists two match compete 
men karate a . two in participating are match 
two in contest men an fighting . oriental 
in uniforms kicking other men karate each . two 
woman her large sunglasses . a puts on 
woman holding black sunglasses dress a a in . 
while and black wearing her woman . a outfit holding sunglasses white a 
lady the her holding is . glasses 
her woman holds . hair with the blond sunglasses 
man a on a ramp posed hand standing is . on one skateboard 
a inline man on skates midair in 
a park skate a skateboarder . is a cap wearing doing in stunt white a city 
standing on a is . is ramp and young arm man one a skateboarding on 
of in with man feet on standing background with water air in a the one equipment arm . on body the playground 
people outside railing a a against <unk> leaning of the two building 
two porch a on people . standing 
stand a . two door woman near 
community standing women outside two library 
outside women . two a library stand 
platform a . a jumping onto man 
fall about edge to a wall . the man a on off of 
on a trick man ramp <unk> does skates a a . on concrete inline 
. with rollerblades a curb man a grinding 
does his the trick man on a ramp concrete skateboard on a . 
girl holds while a cake . man little a baby at a a looks birthday 
man birthday , sit in and cake child , baby a of . front a 
older child birthday an and a . man with <unk> baby a holding cake candles a 
baby girl man and birthday a a a . with cake holding a 
holds . on while man a cake candles lit a are baby a 
. balances on bicycler his bike a rail a 
. bike stairs at night is riding the biker on down his a 
red down a of bicycle . handrail the boy in his staircase city a rides a 
a his grinding guy a a in bike park rail on 
. bicyclist trick down a handrail a grinds 
front porch a a sitting a book reading on lady . 
at reads . and a a <unk> sits a book person 
on a of the <unk> sitting reading . and stoop building woman a is front 
sits a the stoop and reads . wooden in of door a woman 
reads a sits stoop on her of . the woman building front and 
along child a a and man beach shore young . the walk 
in man and toddler walking a of . ocean are the beach along the front 
beach , pail man standing . the next a a at a to holding child 
with a a girl a hat beach and a on bucket man . in the 
child the a next a is wearing walking holding man , to , the and a pail . black shirt with water 
girl little buried in sand the . a 
sand waist in a little girls high 
between feet a the in hat a . 's in sits a front of colorful a pair woman sand tents girl with of little 
little on sand up in yellow hat girl the . in buried beach is the the her to the waist 
the a yellow in lower of half baby body her sand . in the small has buried 
bike a and girl toy . laughs rides little a 
girl a rides . a tricycle little 
girl a rides tricycle little a . 
rides girl mouth open toy her on bicycle a young with . a 
. sidewalk riding the toy girl her little on 
dog area rocky standing in a . a 
driveway stands sticking small out poles dog a near on . a his brown wooden with tongue 
over near in looks posts dog area rural . orange , shoulder 
dog in the logs golden is by lot . standing parking a 
light in lot parking an brown is <unk> dog the 
. a says baby red " love " in that seat wearing a baby a beanie 
red a a doll . is hat a stroller baby a holding sitting in in 
. stroller with sits his a red hat baby in 
bear plays her a <unk> with baby . teddy 
hat in seat baby . car red wearing 
in costume a participates . girl a in a parade 
a and standing in the costume street on . a red white girl 
onlookers a a in red with . white her behind and costume girl 
dancing parade a wearing gold . girl a and clothes in small bright red 
parade <unk> children white , red in gold in dancing costumes a , and . 
sleeping a black . across chairs two child in a cap 
padded small hat boy . on a in a bench asleep a 
on . small a sleeping <unk> seat with while thumb a multi-colored pink child a blanket his 
at on wearing . hat sleeps a bench dark young a a <unk> blue a boy 
sleeping seats and on boy small his . sucking thumb 
two are playing a . trampoline on boys 
bouncing trunks two on wet trampoline a kids black in . 
boys teenage two swim in trunks black a trampoline . play on 
are boys two trampoline wet swim on in trunks a sitting 
on laughing <unk> young a mat wet boys . 
. an man in indian the costume a plays drums dressed 
feathers a playing carnival <unk> drum the in man , . 
in a man costume a . parade drums in 
is costume a wearing drum . indian a playing an <unk> man 
a there . playing black drums a man yellow in and outfit the is 
. to there two kids next some are trees <unk> playing in outside 
long two climbing a blond are . hillside with boys on hair 
two climb . water tree boys wings a with 
posing on picture rock sitting water children . for two a a wearing wings and 
are <unk> little dirt boys sitting two a of . on 
water in body stone enclosed <unk> . girl off of an a has <unk> a 
lake into a girl rocks . a throws 
lake a stones throws watches . the girl and splash 
a stones and pink is swimsuit a into throwing lake . a girl blue wearing 
on lake a <unk> rocks woman a 
. blond child playing with is a yard a metal <unk> 
in a dressed next plants blue to . child sits 
. child shirt in bed in <unk> flower a a playing a 
outside garden plays by a child a . 
with in garden a sitting child . small an a small playing is <unk> 
a hanging blue eyes with . play a boy off set 
hangs a and smiles a small off . train child 
little . is boy a playground off hanging red a 
boy equipment hanging smiling while outdoor from . play a young 
on boy with playground eyes a set blue plays and red . a yellow young 
a puts boy forehead around on and a bat little . spins his 
boy . baseball green a head to the his holds on bat young a grass 
young the around spinning bat is baseball a on . boy grass a 
make baseball boy . around spins and forehead himself puts to the on <unk> little bat his 
baseball on has t-shirt is his shorts a the a little red and and resting wearing head . white bat boy 
at a bar somthing a <unk> hand . points while her touches at woman woman 
together are standing men and drinks with some women in . closely hands , their 
the a . drink girls are having 
at two drink . girls a party 
. put while a drinking at her down party at points her friend someone hand a , woman while to tries 
a . man a in smoking is black dressed cigarette 
cigarette . a in smokes a man a and a cast shirt black 
. a in cigarette in with shirt front of a man a others black 
black . a smokes in a a in man cigarette <unk> 
wall a near a and cigarette . smokes a man stands 
drink man a party in . a right large , with a at his hand 
beverage his hand middle large in holding a the a . white crowd in man a dances of in 
near with white mouth . man other a people open <unk> his drink holding a in shirt a and glasses 
. overweight carrying and yawning drink man bearded 
dancing , at . bar with overweight a white holding beard in a drink man shirt 
a in man . bottle patterned beer a shirt holds a 
drink a a in shirt a holding printed . man 
beer hand . for smiles a man in with camera a the 
people his beer a in man . a behind hand with him and 
man hair a . button a shirt with wearing is up brown 
girl in dressed for a black the camera posing is . 
black woman . a in dressed 
up . a in black leg one woman with clothes 
beige . cowboy in woman and boots leggings black a 
<unk> up <unk> a her kicking is <unk> woman , <unk> a leg boots . some , great and 
and table milkshake shirt the a pink drinking little a girl sitting at is a wearing 
a a drinking milkshake large shirt girl chocolate in young . pink small a 
lips milkshake at hair . a young a <unk> dressed in her girl big chocolate pink a <unk> with 
in milkshake a glass large a girl staring young a is . at 
a young <unk> milkshake looks large a . at girl 
two the walking hill side of grassy there on with a . backpacks people are 
. a brush hillside <unk> across spots deep two are with in <unk> hikers 
. grassy large mountain climbers a two mountain climbing up 
are people a hill . hiking grassy two up 
a <unk> walking up are . in two clothes grassy people incline heavy 
blue a boy something . green shirt a in above 
air the small tossed getting into boy a 
jumps a with a face <unk> mat his a blue on on young . around boy 
blue . front boy a young object a in plays of 
. green the the blue inflatable climbing a shirt boy on wearing is 
a in boy baseball a pitches . game 
a a pitch boy winding . up for 
throw player to . the winds ball young a baseball up 
pitches baseball . a person a young game in 
. the the ball player is baseball throwing 
a . hill a snowy hiker <unk> 
a dune a top tall man sand . reaches of the 
person . of a top a hill hiking is the to 
the hill sky sandy person white blue . up walks against a a 
the blue sky is sand shorts person climbing . a a gray wearing and hill under 
green with the ball in a brown dog sit . a snow 
the . a ball in snow its brown green with lays fluffy dog 
. with in sits a tennis a dog ball the snow 
his toy in next . snow the dog to a little sits green 
in yellow . ball fur , and dog with on ice snow 
three the and surf back flips do . cartwheels girls in 
do at <unk> girls three beach the . 
doing on back the girls beach flips . three 
the little . in three girls ocean cartwheel 
playing beach young . on three girls the 
climber scaling face a rock is a colored reddish . 
rock lone man huge a climbing a wall 
a cliff climbing man . a 
a climbing man cliff rock a . 
the man boulder <unk> scaling large a is . 
, sweater blond blue wearing toddler wooden a riding a a . on toy 
an clothing playground nearby and adult equipment to a with . yellow clinging in child blue is 
boy on a . little is toy rocking playing a playground 
face look . on <unk> on equipment playground of is with his a toddler a 
on blue in a . toy shirt a riding boy 
<unk> many on riding people wearing the . silver street are bikes 
riding a across suits men bicycles silver are street . in several 
bikes three reflective riding in people . clothing 
reflective three bikes . people on white in 
three in the suits are silver bikes people . in riding city 
an at shops . a couple <unk> store 
man in a coat in yellow is . a woman to seated red a a in next jacket standing a diner 
tan woman leather wearing sitting a a stool a on jacket 
at three people tattoo asian parlor . 
tattoo two at woman . parlor pictures in a looking a men and 
is . skiing a a black in woman yellow outfit and 
races slope . in snow-covered a the yellow and black front skier in down trees woman the of 
down slope . a a skiing woman 
a woman jacket in . pants a snow and yellow black skiing 
the snow skates jacket . is riding the woman in on yellow 
his boy peeks picture . a painted a through head 
head child a a pumpkin poses within <unk> . 
cutout a behind picture a . stand child 
inside with boy painted face a little pumpkin 
has his the in the the painting . of child frame head 
on a camera boy . bib the is little a watching with 
and while . orange <unk> their <unk> in gray child holding eye small a 
camera child the <unk> . looking a at 
<unk> . a as he young boy is eating 
hand eye . holding his little boy whilst one <unk> spoon is in the a 
a green blond . pool a backyard slides into boy 
in splashing water a the paddling of slide boy at pool . foot a a green is 
in him slide a a small a behind green with blow-up splashing pool . boy young 
blue pool . a green splashing is around and in child 
in a there a green small . <unk> playing pool is child 
her . while a into watches dives water girl the girl another 
in water . <unk> into a girl a the leaping is black 
dock off a woman lake . in bikini into a a a jumping 
. jumping water in into suit green black woman bathing a <unk> a 
lake a is a a woman swimsuit in in . black jumping 
at . end slide slip a of a boy and the 
water yellow a a face ring a along the slide is being boy splashed blue in riding whilst 
closed slide boy young slides a a down . with water his eyes 
young slide boy slip slides a on <unk> . a 
young water a . slide on boy a down lawn splashes a 
boy hanging a a pole onto . 
in shirt a in a the green playing park kid 
swings little kid a at playground pole a on a . 
the with pole in arm green shirt the on . swings boy one silver the 
the boy . beach is a the pole swinging at on 
a a girl orange wedding flowers some at holding 
holds a bouquet a flowers girl of 
of orange wedding little . a at flowers bouquet girl a a holds 
<unk> girl in celebrate orange garden setting a holds <unk> others while little a an . 
girl orange flowers young in holding dress orange . 
. the the a , spray water a stands of a girl in in bicycle in swimsuit background 
suit . in water in fountain splashed girl green getting a bathing is a a little 
of girl little to a . <unk> water a spray 
getting young a in with suit a girl green splashed bathing . water 
a sprayed water girl a her wearing green suit on bathing has back young . 
gets stands next sprinkler girl an she as a in baby dress orange . a wet to water 
wearing yard a a and . sprinkler wet toddler a dress blonde is standing an in orange beside 
is child a in sprinkler at a looking dress a 
in through girl running sprinkler orange little the . dress yard is the an in a 
girl grass sprinkler orange plays in little in wet dress . , blond on 
is dog snow running one two . are whilst the other dogs standing in 
. playing around three are in dogs the snow 
snow the . each other dogs in three chasing 
three play in dogs snow . 
two together the dogs snow in play . 
the dogs skyline in them . play city snow with behind four the 
. in snow playing the dogs are the 
is the winter and wearing are three . a , snow coat dogs one in 
dog snow one three the wears dogs a . while in jacket playing 
playing the a city , background with in three snow in the . dogs 
white . along outside a is running path a dog 
setting path dog along narrow white a in a a travels park . 
. path a yellow a forest along running dog 
trail <unk> running is . dog the the down 
through some paved traveling down woods a alone path dog white 
a carrying a while log a is wooded . dog jumping another over log area in 
forest . a jumps dog fallen with in over the a his a tree mouth stick in 
. jumps a stick carries log and dog over 
. over a the the a carries stick in and woods jumps dog log 
its . in over dog the the with mouth stick a jumps log 
cement with a brown is dog . <unk> and black between snow running two 
. <unk> down runs dog a cold the 
with . <unk> ears and dog walking black small tan 
dog the . an snowy in area camera , , and walks toward enclosed black the brown 
through snowy running a street the and black . brown dog is 
a doorway plants is running . furry to dog leading a through 
furry tan a a outside patio dog on , is . 
furry on floor a a front group of . short dog plants of in stands , brick potted a 
down is hairy . a hall a dog very running 
the the fluffy up are flowers behind that coming . is dog step 
a runs . and dog leaves brown the through black 
brown . dog a is running 
a dog with lawn . collar a red brown across jumping leafy a 
is coat <unk> the across running with a dog yard . a 
dog is wearing . a the collar red brown 
market walks crowd a sidewalk of a along <unk> a . 
<unk> , pedestrians street tents . with white and market , filled a 
market looks over woman at 's a <unk> . <unk> of a <unk> a table 
outside a . sidewalk the women walking and on men marketplace 
with with nearby people table street tents white with . display walking many 
a . of people standing it a fruit around group with stand 
in stand <unk> people fruit a at standing . are of group a 
. people for of shop fruit urban market <unk> a at an group 
on . people fruit street a vendor stand near a many 
at fruit shopping people stand a . 
of a people <unk> day . on market stand <unk> a a group at 
several with in stand <unk> shopping . people fruit white a it 
shop market . in the at outdoor <unk> an city for <unk> people 
street <unk> market people . a 
on at cloudy an day market 's people shop . outdoor <unk> several a 
woman highway on busy a a scene crossing crosswalk a the with left 
busy lady a road . the crosswalk on crosses a 
a a traffic street opposite . woman crosses direction up in while lines the 
sitting in with crosswalk person person and two street with at one . corner on , traffic others one ground 
in near busy a walking woman crosswalk . street 
a a <unk> . firetruck fire 
yellow it water a fire next pouring on firetruck a parked to on is a man ladder with a 
fire putting . <unk> a out big 
. a fighting fire fireman 
fire . people a putting out 
a tennis swimming carrying black dog is while a 
the water mouth ball swimming in dog a tennis black in a his with 
dog water a swims black in the tennis ball with mouth through its . a 
tennis ball its with water in in blue a swims and . a mouth green dog 
in swims water in mouth the dog a with ball a . its 
bone . chewing stuffed a a on with brown animal is a dog it underneath 
. bone dog a a chews on 
on dog bone lying down big brown . chews 
lying a bone on big . hairy dog on a while chews furry toy 
the while dog rug . brown bone laying chews on on 
yard two ball small white a in are . dogs chasing a red 
. a red small dogs chasing ball after two white 
red two white ball dogs a small chasing 
. <unk> <unk> chase a two terriers ball red 
yard red chase white in a two of in a after dogs white fence front ball . a 
dogs two four being by owners . <unk> are 
. dogs four leashes walk a down on sidewalk 
little leashes . a a dogs path on walk four on take wide 
dogs leashes walking on in a . park four small 
walking . is dogs their someone 
two playing dogs white and black a dog 
and . 2 grass white are on poodle playing a black poodles the 
on an black white day poodle two poodles . autumn and in playing a the grass are 
black a poodle white another who . in , over turn poodle black is climbing over a is climbing poodle 
. and dogs dog two one black interact white 
mouth end a of cone ice melting boy cream a his the . in cone putting is 
eyes his closed cone an bottom of . with cream the eats ice boy a 
ice cream a eating . young boy 
ice watch big eats an . wearing a boy young a cream cone 
boy the of from the is the rest eating up cream cone bottom little ice . 
man . in ocean a fishes the 
fishes ocean fly in . the man a 
fly man fishing a . 
fishing in of man a water <unk> waves is . 
is . fishing splashing person around the with him waves , 
plays a with . a brown dog stick 
playing . brown a a dirt dog <unk> the in wearing is 
down his playing stick a lean with head . ground on the dog a brown light has 
rests tan dog head . a the sand his in 
person dogs two a and . 
hill a two as . atop below cyclists from seen 
a red hill shirts cyclist two going over wearing red 
down outfits their . red bicycles two people in a riding dirt road 
their . ride bikes dirt road down a people two 
their on bikes hill riding two a . people 
a biking and on . woman man sunny day are a a 
ride road woman pass rural and signs man cyclists . on 
bicyclists ride a two . down hill 
. a friends bike down hill two 
road people dirt a riding two their on are bicycles 
on an object brown in hillside dog . a a mouth its carries snowy 
snow through a collie running the . 
across as toy it walks carries <unk> a mouth dog in the sheltie a snow its . 
in dog snow the toy with . a 
through dog deep something wades mouth . with snow its the in 
pink blanket in is legs in . a of a on pink hind a front up his sweater dog black 
pink . sweater a a dog two feet wearing on 
sweater dog a pink wears . a 
wearing . a puppy a pink sweater little , jumps 
pink the wearing a . is sweater dog 
white blue headphones and girl walking a jeans a . is wearing has on jacket and brown some 
traffic . past girl a a wearing cone walks earphones 
a woman walks , in street an to red <unk> down black and the listens 
a road cone is walking woman wearing a past headphones . 
wearing down the a . headphones street woman walks 
. covered wrestling playing play a dog land snow dog with a brown black on 
the two dogs in the are fighting . outside snow 
dogs playing snow in brown two 
field two covered in snow wrestling a dogs are . 
ground two covered dogs snow on playing 
a . the a of branches bare crouched man tree in fallen 
trunk in . pants shirt on and fallen man white crouches tree khaki a a a 
sandals a man tan trunk , a in of the and white <unk> , , t-shirt . brown a tree crouches on 
top a on horizontal is man tree a of . crouched 
in man the of branches sitting . tree a middle fallen a on 
in . mouth black carries its dog stick a huge a 
. carrying is dog the a snow whilst stick black a huge in walking 
carries . stick dog a a , huge covered snow 
in dog the . a tree a very large carries branch snow 
snow the and the carries dog a stick very white . brown large across 
dog standing a other to black and are next snow in brown each the a . dog 
dog with the tan <unk> little black snow in in a is . a dog large 
black golden meeting scruffy dog the a snow in doberman a . 
the dogs two in . snow 
snow two standing . dogs in 
walking along side the a in the house a snow of dog . 
. by a a walking dog white the in is building snow 
a . next dog a window <unk> white to 
the house along white . a a walking rocks snow on some in dog 
snow a walks white dog in the 
tan about dog to a on and brown smaller jump dog a black 
dog large playing smaller with dog 
together are two . playing dogs outside 
. an nearby with grass playing in the adult dogs two 
other . playing two each dogs with 
field fly runs where a a . are to black birds dog beginning black along 
colored a in dog with in background . <unk> a field the running dark birds 
dog birds a flight taking at runs 
chases grey a a a <unk> the background dog bunch of . river , in 
. the the the dog birds chases in field 
. a train boy a set with plays 
his playing takes his off with a trains toy glasses while boy . 
little . with playing boy a trains is some 
a shirt playing a child . with glasses small blue his wearing 
trains young pulling a eye boy his looking and glasses a toy down 
a a <unk> is in fruit girl in a next eating eats white who . cap blue chocolate of girl a cap a to 
another girl . young fruit while eats eats one chocolate 
children in . a two taking snack 
sitting <unk> two . wearing in hats the grass eat girls 
with snack . girls are caps a eating two baseball outside 
toy snow a the in . carrying a dog is brown 
something in running its a mouth with dog 
snow a across . the dog runs 
. field is a in his snowy mouth a running with a <unk> in dog 
dog toy running snow a . with the tan in 
grass mouth with baseball white and on the a dog his stands in a black 
in black its a of a closeup a baseball white mouth and . small with dog 
white baseball mouth in black . dog a holding and 
and mouth baseball . , field in and brown with building white dog 
dog . with a in and mouth brown baseball white its 
a up tent field a . of set head their snowy in out a person peaks 
snow a tent . emerges covered her woman from 
of snowy head sticking on side her out tent . woman <unk> a of the a her 
through a and her hat woman door wearing a . head tent on a the day a snowy of pokes glasses 
the around see opens . up snow all to <unk> 
a snowy up mountain moves a . hiker 
woman a but . tank a sunglasses a and sunny slope snow-covered in climbs 
white black woman a wearing path snowy and hat and up steep a walks sunglasses a . 
a sleeves cliff and backpacking up is sunglasses snowy a short mountain . wearing woman 
. at snow her covered looking a mountain people behind woman climbing 
day hiker climbs on a a . mountain <unk> a 
a with man surface a on walking mountain the snow up 
across grass hikes person covered a plain snow and a 
walking person snow mountain . covered across a 
large terrain a the carries backpack hiking through while man . snow-covered 
a girl her backpack <unk> on . with snow the through 
a a mountain snowy . climbing up hiker is 
. snowy on mountain using a hiking a poles hiker 
a hikes snowy mountain someone through range 
hill . the is up woman snowy hiking a 
<unk> a . man 
a white . shirt out man hands holding a both in 
a <unk> <unk> arms an wearing him <unk> hand extended of and with . white front elderly male in his 
to <unk> . the <unk> wall arms man a his holds old out camera in a 
worker . white wearing coat <unk> a a 
is its a on hind a standing reaching . for dog white brown legs and ball 
towards dog soccer a jumps a to ball meet flying . it 
stands a get and to leg on one tries dog ball soccer a . 
dog jumps black for white and ball . 
white in the ball dog is a an catch attempt up and to jumping brown . 
hat a is . rail on inline guy yellow skates a on white a with 
riding yellow male skater is a rail a 
a . across a yellow pole man night at rollerblades 
rail balances inline a skater yellow . on an boy 
. a a does skater on handrail trick yellow a 
up hand jumping touch to a 's dog woman a . 
an elderly woman dog to a . jumps 
dog airborne . on a an woman with leash a 
the woman the the is . small hand dog toward leaping 's air in 
the <unk> to in air the blue the the in . woman sweater dog jump 
the a through snow . digging dog black 
black a the in snow digs . dog 
dog deep a large . digging the black snow in is 
and black . standing the a in brown is dog snow small 
dog digging black in white snow . 
the running . snow through dogs two big brown 
brown are over two dogs snow a running line . in 
dogs snow through . two walking brown 
two the dogs snow running in 
in two <unk> snow the running . 
a a and a shirt walking along in is wall blue boy tan blue 
ledge in stripes walking a . boy along a 
. wall boy scales the a 
a in a a . shirt is wall striped child walking along 
boy t-shirt . ledge striped walking along in a 
, on its , . and dog black a red white cap a yawning head with 
. a a cap is wide open mouth a wearing with red by that standing guitar dog is its 
hat stretches dog mouth . a its open wearing a 
opens red wide a hat wearing a . dog mouth its 
. and baseball its the a cap has dog red mouth , open wide wearing is 
in . house large small are the dog and dog a a black playing brown 
dog brown a his has large paw on . small dog black a 
small a large a dog doorway relaxes brown while <unk> dog nearby a black . 
. together dogs play two 
on dog , rug with a . a <unk> in the background french two bed dogs and a door <unk> 
race a is lab black running . a in 
the shiny black on sunny grass a a during dog . day bright and runs 
around , is a . running the big black its wearing dog , strap chest 
is the . running the through clearing black dog 
the running is black area dog a large . through grassy 
outdoor . woman at an a stand food 
an outdoor a . a woman <unk> vendor at makes 
. looks if she the in as the open from jacket was something woman the <unk> vendor red air 
is the a product <unk> woman 
vendor red something <unk> . a coat from street woman in 
fire preparing a . car a to put out firefighter 
. <unk> a car firefighter fire a to 
in fireman blue a to next a <unk> car a pulling out . <unk> flames 
the car firefighter a . to fire ready has a hose tackle 
fire to is a the pulling fireman hose the . car 
shopping plants . for a and couple flowers 
arm flower jacket shop man brown in with black in jacket person around his at 
a . are waiting outside garden people and lawn <unk> 
in flower has the . man around the arm market his a woman 
market the as an the . woman they outdoor shop his in man on arm has 
on leash wall over jumps a a dog . stone a 
a tries . over a to on get wall dog leash a rock 
of <unk> path owner over watches a dog dog rocky their . walking a the climb 
on a dog leash a with red woman . 
leash stone harness grey going dog . white over and and red wall a with 
dragon at chinese a a 
between and a behind a carrying . mask man flags man dragon another two stands 
whilst carrying a man green . dragon a parade an carnival leading is flag a asian in 
a flag . in bearing green is dragon parade an asian elderly a man 
asian the dragon in background with flag costume holding woman 
on a group . road of boys teenage a jumping <unk> 
running and boys four jumping . 
back kids four on a with blue the the street in car jumping . 
a for four young jumping street on joy men running are . and 
young street man the down <unk> jumping 
on . a a moves leash retriever golden snow through 
snow golden leash retriever . a the standing a on in large 
. the on a walks in leash a tan dog snow 
on . with covered tan lead dog surface on snow white standing 
small . the is through dog leash the walking snow on the 
rocks stands a alone the man . on 
on cliff water man a . rocky overlooking a of a body stands 
is water rocks on below above the person standing jagged . a 
rocky with on a bank a stands a beside water person . body a backpack of 
on person rocky hilly water . standing background edge with of in land 
is through black running dog and the a . a beach sand white on 
on white with beach . the dog paws a brown running 
on two are dogs beach the there running . outside 
the dogs . beach are two on playing together 
. dogs beach run along a two 
closes his him behind blue as in eyes his he as big a man blue mouth jacket his man . covers a eyes <unk> opens a 
. a at blue a looks camera the wearing man jacket 
is wearing a at camera looking a blue jacket <unk> . man the 
blue beer holding to wide and standing nose is guy a eyed jacket guy a holding a next a . in his 
. for posing blue man the camera is in 
a one standing girl sitting is by is a another and tree 
. front another in her and girl girl sitting reading standing one of down 
a tree the sidewalk another girl to a next <unk> one while near her on . sitting stands on 
street tree on a two people a one . <unk> the sitting ; on surrounding 
, one a , . and tree sitting standing women two near one 
a and big . leashes a man walking dog white a on small white 
sidewalk man . walking dogs 2 a leashes with down a on 
a . walking two street down a man dogs 
city man a two . in the walks dogs 
two the street down a man walks dogs leashes on 
of . the back train two on 's heads men riding a 
are ears riding of <unk> while the their . of the two that the heads subway men backs 
and are sharing subway headphones two are to . music a on guys listening 
, on a busy subway behind two from , seen men 
listening . together subway to on people two a earphones sitting 
strings . is watched attached a a crowd to man by 
crowd a stands below a . man 
, a ship overlooking <unk> and people the on deck deck . 
of . and on deck the stand balcony people boat a 
<unk> the in man a the people on the are the white . like balcony shorts <unk> 
a dog <unk> teeth mouth to its 's opens . sharp 
a bite dog to another . dog tries 
and two dogs black white with each other fighting 
play floor inside dogs wooden . two on the 
. play two dogs on wood floor other a with each 
street . side man a bald in stands snowy a 
icy man sidewalk jacket looks wearing a a . bald at 
on him . building is a street beside man a standing an with icy 
. snowy on gray right wearing to the a a coat looks man a street 
grey standing street a of side jacket wearing the man on a a . 
dog a to a small jumping catch white . ball tennis 
one catch leg white small to a dog ball . a stands on 
with white air in . mouth the ball a dog its in is a 
white dog catch . into to a mouth leaping is the its in ball air a 
dog a catch black up with ball white collar tennis to a jumps a 
beside him one child . stands while another something for up reaches 
child toy . with and a another child up reaching colourful one 
in two sweaters playing toy . a babies with 
of . for as <unk> <unk> expressions they children two have reach of out something 
a kids playing street on two 
hello group american a children man flags to of waving a military . says 
<unk> with brown a in american a parade children flags uniform at a and 
military american waving are . children official who <unk> flags 
flags american waving <unk> uniform children man military . the in the 
a soldier waving american young flags for children 
another sniffs dachshund shirt wearing a a black dog striped . 
dog a dog wearing a with sweater striped . noses touches another 
a dog is wearing pink nose a <unk> shirt to print dog wearing white a black with a . collar nose 
touching and a dog noses on . a white with brown sweater black and dog a 
nose meeting dogs to . two nose 
the are dog brown gray a and in dog . a playing snow 
play . the dogs snow in 
the on ground the dogs wrestling . are in snow two 
in dogs . two the playing snow 
in snow play . the dogs two 
brown his a . snow through something in carries while walking dog mouth 
in snow across something dog walking with <unk> a its mouth . 
snow the a in carries dog . an object 
walks in a while dog snow mouth . something carrying blindfolded his through the 
mouth object . his in the dog has brown an 
snow man a shoveling . <unk> a during is 
the the stands sun . a as man sets in snow 
a and of . mist the winter man <unk> in gear him in winter landscape front a 
a area looking stands a snowy in person . down 
through walking snow dusk man . deep the at 
dog a and black gray 
black . two fight dogs 
fighting two poodles black . 
lawn black . poodles playfully tussle two a <unk> grassy , on 
other open two . black mouths facing dogs each small with their 
dog running field him . behind a woods in with grassy the is big 
runs . across dog land a the 
shepherd german . midair a in jumping 
german shepherd midair . a in leaps 
black brown dog through field and . runs 
dog carpet to . orange get about is a is on a that ball 
lying a on is dog a is carpet on ball wood that orange . staring yellow at floor 
little dog an carpet a a orange ball at stares . tennis on brown 
puppy orange with an rug . on ball a playing tennis 
the at rug ball orange . <unk> the dog on and tennis crouched the 
magazine man <unk> leans . with a a cap a against the a window in and reads 
empty sitting man train on an a 
hat . beard magazine is sitting a a and with reading black on black blue a bench man a 
sits hat reads booth a a . and in a man with 
the room large the a sitting in reading man magazine is . 
is in a <unk> in . standing a of person bridge uniform front 
jacket in bright is a next standing a <unk> to large safety . woman 
near a stands a woman equipment . jacket <unk> safety wearing 
large a a machine next standing woman . neon a wearing to jacket 
is the pants a and yellow blue woman . wearing jacket 
a path snowy leaping . from and white black is a dog 
. jumps dog catch air snowball a the white in to a and brown 
a and tries to . a snow of dog jumps catch <unk> up 
woods dog jumping to snow the catch out . falling in 
ground , dog above leaps air . and brown snow white into the covered the 
lady in red asian a jacket an a taking photo 
. taking is white outside photograph asian a an a <unk> building woman 
picture taking older haired is an a dark woman 
marble picture . a woman coat red in takes at a near columns a twilight 
a begins take wearing a to . coat picture red woman a 
a group of over young of trash boys bag a . fight 
reaching . of bag boys and one with another are litter for <unk> three 
bunch a with paper three . standing boys yard of in a 
with on something the grass . outside are people three 
bag surrounded to from two <unk> . a him boys paper , boys by , shirt a pieces hold grabbing third 
street outside on a red purse standing and with a a . scarf lady 
person outside wall a and red black in <unk> a dressed . 
bag is with red a woman . a walking 
in a winter . and a for handbag dressed scarf car weather standing a and a by , woman knit hat red gloves red in garage black 
hat , wears a woman . red red scarf the coat a , while , blue bag holding and black 
animals in snow the 
are tan and two dogs black in fighting snow . 
their are two snow dogs in mouths laying . open with the 
to try . bite each the snow while two in dogs laying other 
in wrestle . snow the two dogs 
man . hat a riding a blue is white a horse in cowboy 
man on road a dirt a riding in is . a blue horse 
hat horse riding blue shirt is a a man wearing a and . white 
. blue hat down a in person a trail dirt cowboy a rides a horse 
a blue the . in shirt riding horse blue hat and is person white the 
a a mountain climbs . man 
the mountain of man . a a side climbs 
a nature in shirtless wall . climbs a man 
man . another rock is , wall below one a a climbing holds rope while man , , 
men a mountain two climbing 
climber rock a . 
ground there rock people are two climbing . the climbs , the other on while one is 
men a two large rock climb . 
two . rock people climbing 
sheer rock climbers a . cliff scaling two 
climber a white with a shirt scaling stone cliff . blond is a 
. a man climbing of lone the rock a large wall side 
face climbing person . a a rock 
climber rock a 
down young a is with one . rope face climbing dangling rock up man a 
lime traffic man <unk> in a vest green a 
and his wearing arms a blows whistle vest policeman green . moves his a 
in traffic vest a green a neon mouth <unk> policeman wearing has whistle his a while . 
vest . <unk> officer a a traffic police yellow in 
a suit " , " yellow seattle traffic marked wears . safety police a <unk> 
hole ground a into worker the <unk> a construction . 
the hi-viz is a into jacket . man wearing drilling road a 
street the a man vest yellow a wearing in . works 
near street street . the worker active drilling into the a construction traffic is with 
in the . man , uses construction a the gear red large <unk> 
a a mountain overlooking hiker on a valley . snow-covered 
snowy carrying a a backpack on man area a . stands 
mountains red in on clothes background helmet . the in is with of a snow a other a and man top mountain 
in and huge a the man many jacket mountains backpack background with blue distant wearing a 
snow-covered a a top on poses hiker smiling of mountain 
sled and . a a a in walk coat snow the girl a holding in boy red little green 
green child a and a behind coat red black wearing in bay sled green child a . a coat carrying 
walking sled carrying through a the . snow and children two 
clothes red one while walking a snow through small the are two children snow in sled carries 
sidewalk walking snow towards the out the kids of . two young 
snowy red climbing shirt on climber day wearing is a rock a a . a face 
his red shirt rock in a . bare a climbing a hands with man 
climbing rocky but short a over man is a cliff . sheer 
to face clinging red rock a a shirt . a mean wearing 
a scales . person rock a 
in and catch a its to brown attempts ball . black dog mouth a red 
a a . red dog ball and black brown approaching 
a and in catch mouth red black brown dog a is its . trying to ball 
a mouth red dog . ball open with to the catch 
mouth tan and . red ball black for a a dog its opens 
way up climber snowy . his is a mountainside making a 
mountain a lone person from air another the through . one snowy jumping to 
doing . snow in a man the tricks 
leap into a in <unk> . man snow-covered a a <unk> dressed takes 
rope on over a <unk> jump . mountain a people 
a front . window <unk> large in people <unk> on 
front looking men two a and female their and <unk> . sitting window one at down of are there in 
with people <unk> camera their the to three bar at at backs an . 
are laptop a using at computers . counter sitting people three 
store people their work on inside a three <unk> . 
climb . a hikers of group terrain rocky 
five <unk> slope a along . rocky hiking 
. hikers walk hillside the down five 
five . hiking rocky people with backpacks hill a down 
mountain hikers the on . <unk> the 
and dog brown a a tennis black . fetching ball a in lake 
the a side water head . in to with looking <unk> a its dog at ball 
a ball through after the . chasing is running water dog a 
a shaking ball by in green as floats . red off and water tennis a a lake dog is 
in water with a dog playing a ball 
grassy mouth his a area a <unk> brown and in open partially , with dog black . 
flying ears running his with . a fast dog 
<unk> and brown with grass open green on mouth . black dog 
is grass running and the . dog brown on black the 
running its brown the dog in something with mouth . and is black 
the dog in in a life . a a boat <unk> on with jacket sitting a man 
at looking white wearing man life dog small orange jacket a his an 
at an in while man dog life a boat blue looking in vest <unk> a orange in a riding a . shirt 
white boat a in a in . dog a life at looks a jacket man 
in . a with vest a a dog boat a life white <unk> man 
a wears red boy a . coat 
<unk> a . near coat child a funny stands red a in 
back a looks at wearing . a child someone coat 
to the is dressed stands in red statue next . and a coat boy a 
picture girl a funny a the face of the next jacket to . red is in 
a woman brick a sits wall alone against 
restaurant a a against at with brick a . sits back wall her woman 
. a looking a cafe sits , a window woman out in 
brick woman sitting inside building a against a a wall . 
a . brick the a woman blue front of in wall sits wearing shirt 
blond brown woman sitting the background chair store a leather in is to while a walking another in a woman next is 
hand a a brown sits their in bags is person . holding and in chair 
mall middle a large sitting couch in a the on of brown woman a 
woman mall in . sitting of a center in the brown a is chair a 
. in mall sitting standing , one people , a are three , two 
a while kneels jumps him water on in to dog next the . a dock man a 
with his a jumping man plays the narrow is of on water dock that a dog out . 
that a a a ball jumping dock water to the . is woman a on in dog throws kneeling 
dog the woman at a reaching kneels in edge . of nearby dock leaping a water toward a the 
on the from woman dock him with kneels leaps playing dog while water 
the to through and some brown snow trees . dog runs black a next 
dog a snow the in . 
a dog the running is snow in . 
the runs through . dog snow a 
with shiny course of <unk> his dog tags <unk> a a dog 
a with a standing glass a in is blue man pink of and . spot doors front spot 
art man center of a an . standing outside doors glass the is 
center the at arts stands <unk> <unk> entrance man for . the of a 
man . a double through doors walking glass 
circle person big and doors circle glass at pink blue big with standing 
jumping . surrounding is brick some dirt brown short medium dog a wall a over 
puppy jumps off wall a . brick a low 
small over wall jumping brick tan a is a dog 
off small jumps tan . a of brick enclosed garden a dog 
small wall is brown over dog the brick leaping . the 
muddy shown is near a brown beach . in a the standing water dog 
a happily . a cloudy day <unk> on in plays dog <unk> 
water is a in . beach on dog a playing 
the on a stick dog shore tan . with a playing 
runs water with in stick through dog mouth its a the . the 
dogs playing three <unk> 
. and three biting shades dogs white each other of and brown licking different in 
bite puppies in small and three . the play grass together 
. two dogs another biting field in dog a 
. bite sticking two playfully , out dog has third dogs which a its tongue 
long attached it . holds leash dog man a a gray a with large to 
very very leash grass holding dog a a smelling a who to attached large . is man is the long 
dog using on grey a man long . the is walking a leash grass a 
a long . very dog a on man black walks leash a 
. woman and green sky bright of a a <unk> are a in dog field blue grass and 
children sit other a . him child to close camera is while a behind table eating very at the something 
little <unk> while in they . eating boy another lunch a are to the <unk> kid <unk> 
asian eating . together children 
food eating table three a at children . 
another eating looking at asian a who in are child children restaurant is two . 
boy above a a stick a . him , holds holds pinata a blue as man 
swing gets pinata to . a at child a ready 
bat to with a blue a ready getting a is pinata baseball boy . young hit 
red hit in getting to pinata the ready shirt . boy 
the boy . young swing takes the pinata at a 
ball and in are two . yellow with dogs black playing jumping a the tennis snow 
dog in play two the . snow 
together , a mouth two tennis . , snow one his in with in dogs the play ball 
with two a . playing the ball snow in dogs 
a dogs play with snow ball tennis two . the in 
breaking in red a a yellow on boy rides shorts . <unk> a wave 
. board wave blue a bright across boy on the yellow surfs a 
a yellow a surfer a rides wave . board with 
wave surfboard a on guy yellow catching 
wave man yellow young ocean on surfboard . rides 
snow is dog a in the . black digging 
the . its dog a snow <unk> head in 
into on . in area leash dog snow <unk> rural 
with dog head in snow . 
digging black the large is dog snow in . the 
a . <unk> in a area <unk> group 
on out camping a of people are some rocks . group 
in stands of patches snow and people group of camping . small rocky by equipment field a surrounded a 
people with ground rocky equipment camping on . 
three a men . <unk> set down cold their in ditch 
on girl with blue . blue metal pink and shirt plastic with and <unk> a is chopsticks bowls a headband 
a little <unk> . <unk> asian girl on 
a girl chinese blue a . the two drums chopsticks and young pot bowl , , a with plastic playing 
a headband girl a . pink pan with dish young with and a chopsticks hits 
. the is items on using kitchen child <unk> chopsticks 
black running in . snow dog is a 
snow-covered ground brown black running . dog and a through 
a camera the the is snow in watching standing dog 
and on running . ice a dog snow 
snow . dog in fur and black the with brown runs a 
landscape a in man looks over . a out snowy black 
looks a out frozen over <unk> man . 
scene standing a looking a and wearing over snowy black , man clothes . out 
<unk> a clothing in . scene a takes dark person snowy of a 
person in a taking outside the pictures snow . 
merry-go-round girl a . at a playground spins a 
while a <unk> on park kids in girl two a round hold . little other a pushes go <unk> 
playing a children . on playground 
playing children <unk> on . a 
spinning as other girl . ride merry-go-round little playground kids 
a climbing . in man blue rock 
wearing . is climbing , man , glasses a rock 
aged climbs middle . mountain a woman a 
an adult in area a wearing harness . a rocky climbs 
in blue . scales person wall shirt 
. woods white the fluffy runs his a through dog ears in <unk> with the flapping 
running across dog field grassy is . a white small a 
dog a in runs the grass , white 
the red a runs harness woods white wearing a dog . though 
red wearing white the the little grass is running dog . the in collar 
dressed in . a a man costume batman 
a 's <unk> man like batman . movie dressed <unk> 
posing costume a batman in is dressed . a man 
with a a man batman wearing costume a is cape . 
person a batman . dressed for poses a picture as 
five . is on standing <unk> a a performer of a watching family 
watch of people on <unk> a dressed standing stool man . in a group a a 
small <unk> performer outside a . performing crowd is for a 
on a standing a a in bathing <unk> suit a small at stool location man 
family nude while a a on stool look mostly . 5 <unk> him a of man standing at 
snowy on . hiker a a red peak in a 
a red in hardhat and red mountain a a stands jacket person near a . 
wearing up near jacket . helmet a and large walks the red rock person a 
man hiking and snow red jacket mountains the . woman hat in work <unk> a wearing 's red is a 
the the hardhat is person red wearing mountain . the on 
harness rock girl a . climbing a wearing glasses is in while blue 
climbing wall rock girl 
the . wall climbing rock on girl rock 
rock the woman wall . steep in glasses climbing a is 
woman young face rock climbing 
running the is dog and woods through jumping a 
. the a dog races woods through 
a running . the in woods dog 
a . running dog the woods through quickly 
a . dog the runs woods through 
down on girls hanging a . park two structure upside 
two hang girls at upside park down a 
on two a jungle play girls . gym 
little girls two climbing hanging . upside-down are on a frame 
playing the outside young . girls two on playground 
black is over a dog shoreline tan and walking many with a . small sand hills 
and . near shore black a beach a on running dog brown the 
in dog beach a the 
a dog on beach . wet a walking 
sand . and small a dog walking black wet in tan 
in with in water the a a mountains background dog the romp and enjoys . sand 
lake dog the hill a at in , shore the running a . background of 
a the . dog a near pond shore running in white is 
on dog the a water through running 's the white shore edge . 
. white shallow water ran in the the dog 
water a a surfboard it person shown gliding standing through the is on with . 
rides waves green over a board the surfer a . 
. rides the a surfer wave out 
surfing man is . this 
surfer riding a wave small picture of a . down waist 
a a puppy on dachshund jumps . bed 
on purple a bed a . jumps puppy with sheets 
on and blue a a puppy sheets with bed pillow . 
looking is up a brown small and black puppy 
bed the . the is on dog 
car a of a dogs standing by group 
of in fighting alley . near car a pack a an dogs 
a of a by dirty car <unk> . pack a street on dogs 
. dogs car alley silver an near <unk> in several a 
look two . streets dog dogs attack dogs third in as three the on a 
in few a dogs lake . a swimming 
group dogs balls of with a and playing . water in toys 
a playing dogs in pool . group large of a 
playing in dogs a park fountain in a are swimming public many and . 
two several black a a . with dogs of playing tug in dogs are and war swim toy pool 
in a cap child <unk> at sits a green boats a . 
a , boat blue playing in little kid , in dressed a 
a a through large seat in cap with . steering a on is small child a wheel sitting hands 
child car a a small in . pretend 
boy has the arms through the steering his wheel 
is through . jumping water a dog the 
. air splashing wet into grass as of a a water dog runs field the it is through 
medium <unk> a dog running through sized 
carry . runs dog mouth marsh leash through in 
white with dog running water leash through 
. playing child in a couch with red in on under is an child a a painting orange white blue a clothes sweater 
a wearing kid kid denim . couch with in a on white wrestles shirt yellow a the 
a kids white wrestling on sofa two are . 
two couch a on white toddlers . wrestle 
. boys young playing sofa on a white two 
a shirt with . in a green at a looking an dark-skinned device green electronic man scarf 
a green cellphone sweater in a man and at . shirt his looks 
down at looks shirt a cellphone green . a a wearing man 
a on <unk> a teenager phone . of standing people his crowd in 
looks phone green shirt man . with at 
a black stands in fairground a between soft two toys huge at . man 
a a of the in officer police parade middle 
parade watch a police keeps a . officer 
. a in police <unk> a chinese <unk> stands between officer new <unk> 
this carnival ride in is standing a policeman a . front of at 
wall in of and in front brick hat black standing man a a a a sign 
to man cap stands . knit a wall brick next a a in 
a brick in man standing building . a of front 
wall shirt red a in brick standing . black wearing of man front 
the . his to man hat has in black theater the back a sign 
brown through . a walks snow dog 
a puppy snow . brown through walking the 
snow lying . a at dog in looks <unk> <unk> ahead the 
snow a in the walking dog 
the puppy a yellow . walking snow through 
. dog and white towards the viewer running a is black 
a is and across brown . white brown running field dog a 
a . a a running through field towards dog camera 
its up dog grass a on ears . runs brown with 
on dog white running . dirt a 
yellow dog ball . a is chasing brown a after 
is playing a in yard brown dog . ball a 
a ball a . yellow dog after chases 
ball playing puppy . a with a 
a yellow small a ball with blue color dog a fetching 
. boy the through <unk> sled his a snow 
away a a sled , followed boy running blue , carrying by , in red a a jacket dog small 
. a surface running snow covered with a child snowboard on a 
snow follows child a along the blue wearing . dog coat a runs a while small 
a . snow young in the dog his plays with boy 
<unk> . white and in a a looking <unk> <unk> jacket at cap <unk> 
a large . man white wearing hat a 
<unk> rolls <unk> two next large a standing in . a to uniform of man 
. man front <unk> in <unk> white stands a in of 
the at a . working restaurant is <unk> 
black dog owner . to get a jumps its treat into air a the from 
<unk> up dog to 's black man hand a . a jumps 
can . high a how dog his black man jump <unk> 
. his a black arm man in dog field raised jumping at with 
dog . standing dog is the a while , jumps the man next in air the to 
a <unk> on . a thin walks platform blue 
pool out board diving runs onto . dog swimming a a 
brown . walks white thin on a a railing dog and light 
dog an a . walkway walks small <unk> along 
and a tan a walking dog . on white beam is 
a . jumping dog black 
a jumping brown on legs hind dog its . is 
. into in is front dog leaping wooden a in air a of a structure brown the forest pine 
dog woods the the off a jumping in brown ground 
. the into the leaps a in dog field air 
field a interact a and . in large small grassy dog 
a dog . brown big in a as watches the air brown jumps small 
dog out larger to a small dog a next . in , stands field a 
field in dogs two standing . the 
side dogs yard two by in side stand . the 
st are <unk> day costumes there in women 's 
and on st by a celebrate . street in women day white <unk> busy green <unk> three up 's 
green in dressed three st <unk> . celebrating day women 
dressed in three women . <unk> green and up 
wearing . and <unk> green <unk> of three women 
hand a it hand the her . that her little ends in looks girl rainbow so holding 
a a of . in young girl front rainbow 
the . girls with rainbow in sky posing 
out rainbow girl outfit blue . hand wearing a her to and a holding the is 
rainbow the girl touch . bent young to down the 
sweater boy a little . is tree a red in climbing a 
climbing little is a tree red in boy a . 
small . child in a a tree 
branches of toddler sweatshirt <unk> grey the a and red in tree in a a 
in shirt . red plays a a a boy tree in young 
white sweatshirt covered a blanket with on a person a wearing bench sitting a reading hooded 
a park reads a in on a . a bench paper woman 
woman newspaper a on bench . a reading sits a 
the sits wearing white hoodie white bench the person sheet . the and reading on 
reads blanket woman wrapped in and bench park sits on in . 
at a two outside dusk restaurant are standing . men 
, of men drink in drinking stand two lit a front restaurant soda brightly 
. a outside two restaurant men of 
in stand front restaurant two . men a of 
men of a in . older two store <unk> of standing front 
taking <unk> girl a of guys a couple body off 
<unk> a to of talking is picture a . taking his guy taking friend a girl 
by . lies people bar woman a on surrounded a 
men a , in dress bar and with . lying on woman female a <unk> the the in in background a bar three shirts 
a three with girls a . picture are men a two taking at of <unk> young bar 
. beach that is on playing by seen a itself recently a has dog <unk> 
. is in a running dog the dirt and snow 
a . dog on the running sand 
walking dog <unk> along a . a snow 
a snowy sandy running . and is down a dog yellow hill 
silhouette a people dock of sunset at sitting two on 
sitting on people sunset at on dock are . lake two wooden a a 
two . sunset dock the a with people sit background a in on 
sit look pier . and together out the ocean on people the two at 
a . in two beyond on clouds people a under sitting lamp post dock sky with them the 
park and down bench walking are path several that sitting . with it people a on a a runs man alongside dog the 
people park a distance a . dog walking of a foreground and the on with in the in group , bench a man 
sits the a walk dog bench a others park nearby a , man while with in on . 
jog others on a a while park bench path sit people on . 
bench man on dog a in sits the a with . park his 
park reads a sitting . bearded on man while a wall in a 
bench man his paper the a on . reads 
red man reads a wearing cement a on bench the a sits . and paper shirt 
newspaper . man sits a reading old outside an 
man . reading is old with a white beard an 
soft green on grass black dog white a and . runs 
its runs in field . out with tongue dog a a sticking 
mouth its with dog . a a runs on <unk> open 
running white the and dog brown through the is grass . 
dog on grass the . running is 
training a a man black poodle yellow shirt in a 
in pants with plays a a yellow black man . poodle sweatshirt black and a 
a with poodle yellow his playing wearing black is man shirt a . 
a black a in with yellow a playing dog field man wearing grassy sweater a 
do his black teaching to yellow in man trick jacket . a dog 
of in a another a are men stick european group fighting of bar a them city of hitting , front . a with in one 
people jumping a away street a group in of 
men eight in the street . fighting 
. people street a on fighting group of 
front a . fighting bar in of men 
area suburban a in in walking two the street adults 
walking urban street down distant boys in . snowy two area 
a people street . walking across two 
street barren on people walking a trees . two with 
walking street the on of bare lots snow two and ground with around the . trees people on 
. sits a man woman older behind in an a yellow shirt in sunglasses 
a game with an shirt . behind sunglasses other big ball event , in woman at sits man a yellow older <unk> or a 
man sunglasses . old lady behind an is yellow wearing in <unk> sitting a 
woman an of of side sun 's and earring with gold a glasses blocking old hair gray . oversized , face closeup the 
woman earring older wearing sunglasses golden a . and 
red chasing frisbee field dog brown is a . a a across grassy 
a a red leaps in air dog frisbee catch to the . 
runs a . for frisbee a dog red 
catch by a a . to frisbee surrounded runs dog trees 
through . grass large a catch the is brown to the running red frisbee dog 
a brown mouth its and with . white frisbee jumping dog is red in a 
a , white holding . frisbee dog brown a and leaps <unk> 
with a frisbee . a dog running 
its a <unk> disc dog a in mouth leaps with . 
a brown has its in . <unk> and white red item the mouth 
girl metal standing a blond large front a of in fan 
record past shop woman man walking and a a 
are a . record by displaying a a a and woman passing window man 
and man a a . store stand outside woman a 
a sunglasses hair store with and of and a dark . hair record man blonde dirty stand a front in with woman 
a on a . street <unk> city bike rack a girl 
is a railings street in a climbing girl the on outfit metal in blue little . 
a . little a in railing navy posing blue is on girl 
navy a is . poles wearing little girl some skirt a on climbing silver 
a up a herself skirt young girl <unk> a outside blue bars . metal in of is on structure 
grass green black . a with is yellow a toy in dog playing 
paws a toy black running a with dog . between is its green 
a . a green with black toy dog outside 
black toy green with a . dog a playing 
. black green plays a dog a with object 
an couple alley people by of to walking open a 
. an people past the several legs walking alley of 
. two brick an alley between legs two pairs end walk the of past of buildings 
down alleyway from people walk two the . , seen street a 
view . pedestrians through passing an of by alley 
colorful christmas <unk> <unk> woman a . 
<unk> through woman some . <unk> a 
looking woman black a in dress a 
display woman a looking colorful a at 
to wire with tree it hanging standing from <unk> next woman balls 
a . carrying <unk> camouflage cap and backwards pants backpack a a and man a in 
a <unk> walking is . street wearing man carrying urban pants down the a combat 
a tool box man a on carrying sidewalk 
is box the . a down man tool sidewalk carrying 
box along pants in carries walks camo a . large metal the sidewalk young man 
and a at looking man . a woman <unk> 
some people are <unk> two observing . 
hill standing two grass people a are green rolling overlooking on . 
the in . from a take view two people hillside 
<unk> two a tourists photograph countryside and 
holding black dog and purple its mouth something . in a brown 
catches . frisbee black dog a 
large dog yellow . a toy <unk> wet his 
with toy dog running . 
the on a the while wet . toy sand catches playing dog 
<unk> field brown purple grabs a frisbee a . dog a in 
dog a in catch of a frisbee running brown a to grass field . 
in with a frisbee mouth . purple brown dog a its 
in a with frisbee dog field a . a 
object is concerned an with . dog in purple the field uncut lying a 
mouth the holding in a its a brown dog water <unk> in 
water a the an carries . in dog object 
dog mouth through . a with water white a in running its toy 
with black white water the object . dog mouth the is a in in its 
the water . the in toy <unk> black the white dog 
street bicyclist rides . backpack with a a down a suburban 
a near a a cars plaid man pants , a riding backpack while and . buildings wearing parked bike and shirt street blue flannel on riding 
wearing streets plaid lots the riding man bike through a a of 
a person a . coat a the blue white rides down and bicycle wearing street 
on a riding . on their with bicycle the backpack street person 
a girl top paddling past in wooden a jetty a a boat is yellow . wooden 
a canoe girl a . paddles 
a boat . a a rows dock from girl 
pole water in with a boat the girl pushing 
paddling a in rusty canoe girl is water the . the 
a part a jumping . is over a fence dog taking whilst dog show black in white 
. leaps the a over dog hurdle 
. a over dog hurdle leaps striped a small 
a a . brown dog and , white black over jumping hurdle 
dog the the bar is . over leaping 
through haired dog water . moving with golden shallow its while is hair a licking wet nose 
<unk> retriever the licks from water off his golden a nose as . he 
. walks of nose and his dog licks out haired water the long a 
dog wet leaving the a . water brown is 
in his the nose the water licking is dog . brown running 
banner staring a man . city busy protest behind dark a with colored a people is in holding street from 
sign street blue a man people the yellow holding in sidewalk a him with religious on in jacket and a a behind stands . 
. a is holding a poster religious man 
hat wearing holding writing it a man . on sign with a a 
standing man the holding street on a sign 
dog . brown a <unk> 
a brown the the looking field . in grass up at sky dog is 
field grass dog a is looking crouching and up of brown a in . 
crouching brown dog grassy in is a . field large a 
grass crouching dog looking brown in up 
outside a playing <unk> a . <unk> collie and 
. the brown the white brown small dog and towards white and jumping is dog large 
. and on area brown white a in of front dogs fighting tree a two grassy 
white structure and near a dogs . two stone in grass the brown 
. and white in look other each two dogs outdoor at an setting tan 
dog through some walking . a white <unk> brown and is 
collie runs across <unk> the . yard a a in 
. surrounded collie by bushes leafless a 
. walking that the a looks <unk> fields in dog like 
the some is bushes front in . of dog 
. hiking through people hilly an icy landscape , 
the three . hike in men snow 
a snowy . three and large field across backpacking rocky people 
walking people an three . icy hill across 
covered a three . on <unk> snow walk people 
leg dog man 's to a hand frisbee his jumps a a . from take 
jumps holding girl the . a frisbee dog for is the 
wooded near coat a area playing with person . a dog a a frisbee in black 
. a with play disk a field a and woman in a dog 
her attempts the frisbee . to from dog owner retrieve pet the 
a skateboard a person trick . a does on 
midair in skateboarder a . a trick is doing 
doing the is skateboard tricks on . he 
. with jeans in there skateboard blue bottom the is ground someone a the holding it off of 
while tennis and this the jeans the , skateboarder grabs air . board shoes , in wearing 
looking at sculpture a a couple red 
a man and sculpture a at looking a red woman . 
a man art a structure back in standing and at front woman look . while camera of red the 
a red . a large and statue man of front in stand modern woman 
a man sculpture near large outdoors a red stand . woman and 
a street tables smiling woman young front on a in . the of of photo 
for posing mostly woman camera a empty smiling a a in is a in jacket . restaurant 
. a night girl standing outside a young at restaurant 
for picture black woman jacket a a smiling and <unk> wearing is a neck young . 
restaurant standing in of is a a the front girl . wearing and sweater black little 
brown gray her . bound hair girl the in around as dogs lawn a shirt on a and relaxes 
to a . sitting watching park her at dogs purse woman the next 
on purse the <unk> a woman of a grass her sits young dogs among beside crowd . 
. there dogs the with the the girl sitting is are in several field ponytail where down 
many dogs with grass woman the . around her in sitting 
a small barren field a , . dog snowy creature in a <unk> 
in dog a snowy black . field 
grassy . black dog a through running area 
towards grass <unk> are running the two . long some in dogs 
in brown run . a grass of two field dogs 
couple the bags walking a street carrying down 
a street empty are man and carrying bags . an a woman down 
a carrying woman . a , down luggage man street a walking and 
two a . people carrying walking down items various city street 
two . an people carry <unk> road their bags down 
a on a couple of a in are rock sitting . street front 
beside and a a sit on . woman a rock a man street 
large near a on city two street rock people . a sit 
rock park city on in people two sitting a . a 
a talk . people big sitting rock on while two 
the <unk> dog frisbee . , in brown background a a chasing a 
a catch it <unk> dog but flying trying . to brown a disk is 
catch as a . in dog to tries twisting is it the a air frisbee 
with . plays brown frisbee dog 
dog backwards the . the football to catch dives brown 
to the red man building . enter prepares a 
corner of red a a walking around man the . building 
a red fake attached rocket . past with a a it building man to walks 
walks man rocket under a . building large shaped a a with sculpture 
a jet building . walking a with it by of a top person on red 
stick is with . in brown its a outside doberman mouth a 
shows teeth his a dog . brown 
stick bites a dog . a 
dog <unk> biting . a is a 
outside stick dog chewing . teeth on sharp is a a with 
a front in wall of posing a picture couple 
out a an for cardboard . couple by adult pose movie a cut 
asian by a poster are <unk> . an standing couple 
couple a . <unk> an stands near figure asian 
by hat one around in . in arm suit a brown his with person another a wall a 
<unk> passengers . at bus with filled in night a 
people of a at . waiting stop full bus a 
on bus people are a . sitting 
in <unk> bus a people to <unk> is . which heading 
people sitting bus are that <unk> <unk> . <unk> is on there a 
on a sidewalk her with sitting ear woman a a cellphone is at . 
talking while on a . street city the of on her rests curb cellphone woman a 
cellphone a sits the curb her on . woman while on talking 
a with sits bin sidewalk woman garbage beside on of a the her edge a 
the curb a on cellphone woman . talking sits on 
. a snowmobile through travel the <unk> snow of 
snowmobile through the pair snow on a winter heavy a people jackets rides in of . 
riding something people the snow in . 
the ski snow in <unk> on . mobile person a 
is blue . <unk> a helmet man the a riding wearing 
laying man colored railing a off . is by dark newspapers metal with a shoes his on 
stuff on is his around man homeless with lying the ground . strewn a 
man outside . of a is the homeless staircase top a sleeping at 
. clothes top is on on of concrete man his stairs sleeping an 
man on . the sleeping street 
in red a field a girl and . boy through a walking pink are low cut 
are the boy by little girl . side side walking little and 
field . two small walk a children away in 
two field in children . small a walking 
an open are two young . field across walking children 
two the bank with an . of men ice chest lake on sitting a 
having . by people two picnic a a lake 
shore two having picnic by . a the people 
two grass looking in lake a people on at of the front sky sitting . 
two at people on with looking hats hill a . lake sitting while a <unk> 
<unk> their in boats with shadow <unk> <unk> on , shore at an , people 
yellow a in a to orange vest canoe . is standing next man an 
of body lit water time a the day dimly <unk> during canoes of a . at people of edge 
kayaks men the are getting beach the their night . on <unk> for the 
beside standing two kayaks shore dusk on the their at . men 
brown brown four in play field grass . a of of <unk> a dogs 
grass field together . four in the dry dogs of are 
dogs area four a . grassy in 
grass on each wrestle field four . <unk> with a dogs other 
dogs outside four small play . 
girl building behind is inside hiding a a wooden structure painted a . 
with a little with red to her camera a the girl dress . <unk> a back facing 
red wearing girl kneeling on dress young a a carpet red blonde a . 
a black room and a white girl in a faces young <unk> wall . 
red a . on kneeling carpet girl 
and in dogs yard a a brown woman 
frisbee <unk> the watches <unk> a a as brown . across grass the dog 
dogs her as grassy watches a yard a ball in red . brown a play a in woman jacket two blue with 
a for her . chase woman a dogs to throws frisbee two brown 
house a woman run across grass away a . dog from watches the brown a 
clown pictures of . children <unk> <unk> a 
hair of dirty children looking holding blond up paper two with clown <unk> cut a 
. shirt large paper grassy holds a hat up two and man a wearing balloon a <unk> 
wearing . balloon of colored men a up man a holds hat <unk> <unk> two 
the man holds head and on paper . his balloons wears people 
a people group walk of . a mall shopping through 
people many through the walk store . 
store . in people a <unk> 
an <unk> . through people market indoor 
walking . <unk> store in a are the 
mask man box is carrying a black red a with . a 
up a in mask man carries an domino a hill a <unk> . 
carrying black a with man mask a a <unk> 
bright in a box large a man clothing <unk> . carrying 
is black . black box dog by watched black man lifting 
with behind two dog ball a with . dogs black it smaller the runs 
with in a one a its , field playing mouth dogs ball in . three 
three lawn viewer dogs towards a . race the over 
in ball mouth three dogs , carrying running a in tennis grass . one 
two a follow dogs tennis dog larger a small with ball 
. a watches couple a against skyline boat a 
a by and man woman boat sit watching , on bench go . a a 
watch man boat the is and go by while a woman a setting sun . 
. a bench two and sit people boat water the on watch on a 
people a sail . two past boat watching 
a red wearing . jogger female 
. a running with street headphones girl to next is signs some 
to is signs outfit a in a woman next jogging several street . red 
a woman jogging an intersection across . 
music while lady listening shorts to red jogs near the in . stop sign a 
on a park and wearing jacket a man bench sits denim bearded hat a a 
on a wearing bearded a sits denim man bench a . jacket 
man . and bench with beard a a sits a on <unk> park baseball cap a 
on jacket beard jean sits a and . a man long old park bench with an 
old a with white bench park long sitting , and beard on a . man glasses a an hat is , 
. glove a bird lands a mans on 
. holds man bird a a 
<unk> his on . a man holds arm a 
. <unk> of bird holding man prey a 
. man and wearing gloves his is hands holding in a the hawk 
has brown toy . a white in mouth its a dog 
a stuffed white a dog . holding animal 
plushie tan white toy . dog <unk> to a a on 
a white is on a chewing stuffed toy yellow . dog 
dog holding in the . is toy his stuffed a mouth 
. bunch the a at people beach of 
on . the beach a sunny people a are ocean day enjoying sandy by 
on beach and are a people kite is the air . the in there 
kite the the beach a people sky on and . in 
sandy a walking kite , is sitting beach people , , laying , flying . 
a jumping over a woods brown the in is dog tree fallen . 
log jumps over . small small a dog tan a 
jumping in tan colored forest the over dog a . branch 
. over log leaps the the the forest in dog 
jumping . the white is over dog tree fallen a 
. water brown dog in swimming a murky 
. dog the a in swims murky brown water 
neck with in yellow water , deep , fur dog . a swims 
the <unk> golden a in water swimming . 
yellow is dog . in a swimming the water 
curly with a in a mouth stick snow jumps haired dog its in the . tan 
. stick in a dog a snow catches the white 
runs dog while mouth its . it holds snow through a in white stick a 
jumps in dog white snow a the . 
with stick in snow brown paws . a mouth his markings in his dog the and a light white has 
snowcapped the mountains foot a of at hiking person . 
. a in walks between the tall mountains person valley 
person below walking walking valley with in and a , a towards stick the . mountains the backpack 
hiking the mountains . people in backpacks with 
mountains a snowy valley through walk people . three towards 
gets merry-go-round . on the while picture girl her little a taken 
little . <unk> holding clothes a girl in yellow pink 
little on girl playground equipment of a piece a 
ride on . sitting little a playground girl a 
on she merry-go-round up a young rides looks as girl a . 
cellphone woman by walks man a a talking dark on skinned a . 
and the female building a beside the . male phone a on talking walking concrete 
window a and concrete a stand . people outside wall near 
. standing sidewalk two the people on 
women a purse standing are one , on . papers sidewalk and two carrying , a 
and a <unk> , white , tree shirts guy wearing stand a both girl jeans a under and . 
are a a and a woman in park talking man 
woman underneath . man are the standing talking and tree a 
in a white woman the in a man shirt something in to is grass a a showing white shirt . standing 
light rain standing both a in jeans shirts young blue couple and a wearing misty white 
helmet , yellow climbs a a . snow a in man behind him face cliff 
with a climbing a wall up man rope a is 
to a man climbing while mountain rope . tethered a back a leans 
. climbing rock is he 
with climbing rock snowy area man helmet . a in 
<unk> head of jackets right and the group towards in . students a dressed 
, . books group some on campus a walking carrying of students 
students of together walk group a . 
a under of walking people group young a park . through are trees <unk> 
near women . trees <unk> walk <unk> young several 
in walk a weather college . students nice group of 
talk walk park group a in while . <unk> on of some , the people 
campus of group . walking students a the are through 
. talking of walking young people a cellphones two with group on 
walking <unk> several young around people 
among . distance stars <unk> sky in hikes in person the visible a the with 
. the person standing a a in desert ridge on 
above , formations rock in . landscape stars interesting desert the with 
night in the sky desert . the 
is mountain a has some a that person standing there . <unk> interesting 
. dog snow near through brown black and building the a walks a 
, in dog black snow a running . the 
. dog black snow in the by trees a some running 
a tan black a dog wooded the in and large snow . across area is running 
the running snow . dog through brown black and is the 
sidewalk in walking a on a three . men city 
background and down walking in street . the the are with cars three buildings people 
people stand three along . a main road 
walking light the on with a cars background in people sidewalk three 3 . colored 
three wearing on standing winter a the sidewalk people clothes near street 
jumping a . orange an man in hat 
the rocky a of desert a in man . middle jumps 
jumped and a . white shirt a orange an air wearing shirt into man the 
in in pants kick elaborate desert khaki man does 
a in jumping background man . formation with rock 
an sitting on . bench elderly man a is 
. <unk> on man bench a wearing brown coat older an a 
bench and old sitting an on park in man coat . hat a a 
man tan in jacket bench cap sitting and old black on 
older . with sitting on the and man a bag shopping the is cane bench 
watching bench from . people are a play these woman tennis 
tennis . match individuals two a watch 
while . people two park sit neighborhood a a on match bench tennis watching 
watching scarves . red heads their people are two on with tennis 
a front . near on court <unk> in of two a building a women bench sitting tennis 
wearing brown both red dogs . and are two they are fighting 
house brown dogs two rough outside . 
other field while two wearing dogs running red along dirt collars at a brown look each . 
two play together . dogs 
in brown chase . collars play with short dogs a field haired large two 
are . sweaters wearing dogs grass the the two greyhound playing in 
in grass play dogs the two . 
play green the wearing in grass shirts . dogs two 
play in wearing dogs sweaters a two field . 
play dogs in sweaters two grass the wearing . 
jumping a blue dog and ball and white . a is brown high catching 
ball dog small park other . two and surrounded in a by catching blue a jumping dogs , is a 
. jumps mouth catches and his blue in a a ball dog 
to air a in blue . the ball a dog catch jumps 
. catch on run dogs ball three leaps one , to grass blue 
skimpy a a and . outfit carries a girl in bikini walks helmet 
. sidewalk a from the , in a camera walks girl , down clad away busy helmet a , scantily 
woman wearing . shorts down boots a short and , the helmet , tall walks a street 
away at walking girl in a boots bikini , . helmet and bottoms a fair street 
in helmet the a pink bikini safety and . wearing purple top woman the is 
a snow the playing . with toy a black in purple dog 
a . blue carrying toy runs snow through a black dog the 
the a . dog in plays snow 
dog toy with field a . purple the snowy in running 
black purple toy snow dog . carries the in a and the brown 
on pointing direction a road a dirt a boy . in 
sits backpack a a . on points with a boy trail and 
dirt his path the to path sits a as man the finger he points ahead . on 
the sitting dirt in and a pointing a toward man road . backpack horizon a is with 
dirt a road pointing middle in of the . up a young sitting the man road 
food dog a the of plate . staring is eating at in the a person 
a . eat holding while person they a dog 
of . a his dog her eating plate lap black or on a brown person with and is a pasta 
eating pasta watching is , person a a while is dog . 
interested food blue the white . dog next their eating to in someone sweater and is them striped in a and is 
a . with water brown sprayed is dog 
outdoors with squirted being is . water dog face a the in 
stream his . stands feet water a of and dog a catches on hind 
jumping jet being a of squirted a water with it up . is <unk> is 
male jumping a up from dog water a to is bottle a get drink of spraying . tan , 
sniffing grass on is dog a brown green . around hill a 
. a a dog is field digging 
a a . large in grassy stands field dog , 
a alone dog field walks in . a 
with dog a a harness . <unk> field tracks a a in red 
. building a brick red black dressed in a street large man on corner a by 
waiting dressed is at . crosswalk black a in a man 
a stands man a light . near street at corner in a dressed crossing black 
traffic the a cross man street to light stands . , waiting a at 
building at signal brick crossing black in waits large man near . 
tongue dog its a running . out with is a hanging field through 
tongue with runs his dog out . a hanging 
open its is running with mouth a . dog 
and brown cream with out tongue dog 
and the hanging white runs on the with dog . his tongue field out black 
playing female shirt pink a . playground toddler a wearing on is a 
on . girl a playground a purple pink stands and little in 
walking very a a on young girl playground is . 
the at is little playground girl . the playing 
in purple a guard child and top . pink rail turquoise young <unk> pants 
. and by puppy camera black a stands a brown 
dog . a camera strap a case chews of on the 
camera the a <unk> dog a . strap on of 
chewing a small black . dog strap a on 
behind a small standing is dog . a camera 
woman . walking and man ocean the near 
two wearing winter gear are railing alongside while people a walking . decorative 
. people the ocean walking are by two 
to next people fence a coats walking in . two 
. together on walk a people two cold day 
on looking man in camera a at the his beach . jeans 
<unk> the guy beach a turned . around shirtless at something 
. the beach man <unk> at <unk> 
stone video blue rolled . the camera on wearing man jeans holding up a and a beach is 
camera shirtless man while on the used his rocky the . sitting beach 
jumping over a fallen tree dog forest the a in 
tree dog a over the . leaps forest fallen in a 
the forest fallen . large in jumping over a tree a dog 
over wooded area tree low in a dog large a . trunk brown jumps 
. german is the over a fallen tree jumping shepherd 
dog up a an catch . toy brown orange leaps to 
in catches disk a . a air the dog 
an in jumping a the . to catch orange frisbee air dog is 
in . yard catch a to a the leaping dog frisbee 
toy leaping with mouth in brown . dog boat blue with and yellow orange in disc up background 
a a . brown dog chews and tire on white 
brown in tire small with its outside a dog and white holding ears mouth pointy stands sand . in a 
standing brown white while holding on tire sand in a black and mouth a its , dog 
sand a the old in bull terrier . <unk> tire an 
tire holding dog standing in a sand a , his in . mouth 
grass in the chases dog . a ball a black 
a green grass chasing ball a is on black a dog . 
in ball green grass front on . and of a dog and a trees 
. ball a dog chases grass a in the 
running black after ball green grass , a a dog . field 
a blue dressed . outside baby in jumps 
next bouncing trampoline is that on . child a the house is a to 
up trampoline small a a . child jumps on 
young of trampoline house on boy . a outside a jumping a 
the the trampoline . on little hair boy with jumps red 
three in are children the cage a . 
in are children . cage a three <unk> 
black . a <unk> dog children in three 
are cage in three a small children . 
a well blond dressed three children in cage . 
river a brown though . is running a dog 
in jumping a <unk> dog <unk> brown a . 
runs shallow dog a . water through brown 
shallow a wading water through dog . 
in a . splashes retriever water the golden 
dirt dog a brown a large , brown small fluffy and with a on white surface , . dog 
dog dog is a large in playing with a dirt the small . 
play dog a dog and large . a small together 
. in little playing <unk> with dog dirt 
. two dogs other each in the dirt with play 
. who upset crossed looks girl arms with her a 
other two talking arms looking woman black other crossed indian stands to people shirt with an her at in each a . 
camera has a in arms red and . shirt at their black a person and crossed the looks 
street is arms busy girl crossed a . teenage with a her standing in 
front standing dark yellow woman . of in shirt a car in alone 
leash carries in mouth its a . dog a 
carries . black mouth in its leash dog fluffy a a 
brown furry is large in . walking with leash his a dog a mouth 
yellow . dog a black leash carries a 
with dog his mouth . lease his in walking 
of in on while man holds of concrete couple front a with sign dressed a . a blue wall trees standing large red behind in writing it and a 
up graffiti wall cardboard a with . a a holds red sign near man 
sign is between two standing holding . in black trees up a a jacket man a 
road man the sign . , holding a of stands cardboard the side on a 
with stands a cardboard on road sign a man a 
. ground at walks mountain on a base of rocky foggy a hiker the 
. on dirt a walking snowy lone with a mountain hiker background 
along the person fog with terrain background . a hiking is rough in and mountains 
hiking mountains in distant rocky in background , with person . area blue backpack 
. the person is hiking 
a . through flies air the skier 
<unk> out the of gets ski . ski pulled 
with casting out a . ski a of feet the the <unk> and one shadow skier of coming 
very fast on moving skis boots are . two two 
two ski on yellow ski boots wearing feet 
a girl sits fountain large outside a . at 
and . others a woman are decorative water fountain sitting nearby two a 
large sits <unk> woman a wall to on next . a a fountain 
young a woman sits a fountain near . 
fountain near in black poses woman a . pyramid 
. running a is brown through a grassy field dog 
running dog . through brown a grass 
field runs dog a in . a grassy 
a running a dog field . green through <unk> 
running fast grass through . dog is green tan a tall 
formation rock his a extends arms man front a large of . in 
the man a in desert . 
poses in of rock large man a front formation . a 
man a a . to rock next huge formation standing 
a strange stands a next arms formation his . rock man the air with in to 
with ears brown grass up and running black in . two white green dogs heads on , 
of field run two a grass through dogs 
grass two through dogs the . run fluffy 
running . grass the dogs in green two <unk> 
dogs through the . two run small grass 
striped swimsuit ocean into . the a jumping in is girl 
jumps little of in suit large a girl striped a . bathing body water a in 
a suit in in girl jumps a . bathing the striped little ocean 
a the young in suit jumping striped . in ocean bathing a girl 
jumping over wave girl 
facing man is another who a on is bench standing sitting man a . 
sits toward bench him a man on . man while walks another a 
. tan on shirt sitting green standing grey person black man and a floor and bench on in 
. a this taking two men the break top photo over shows 
a on of man man with a sitting view standing bench inside a <unk> him . facing 
the on rolls his . dog in a grass back 
rolling around its a of back is tan dog . yard large on in a grass 
rolling tan is dog a , green grass . in large 
yellow the green on dog big . rolling around lawn 
back in green large grass its dog . rolling on 
is a and black . hurdle white a dog jumping over 
bar test an a over in dog agility white and a . black jumps 
a a . a field jumps over dog grass hurdle on 
an over a obstacle dog course leaps on bar a 
dog obstacle over . jumps an white and the black 
dog indoors pink toy brown a a , . large with 
bites a face a a <unk> pink with . on toy dog 
toy chew a dog with playing pink a <unk> 
a mouth is in dog the ball pink its carrying . 
dog a is , a this a <unk> strange <unk> cookie . 
a a snowy sidewalk down clown walking a . starting toddler at 
including snowy several a and clown a walking sidewalk towards are child a people 
a three path toddler a and snowy stand adults on . 
are path three a and walking one child that covered adults snow paved along is . 
adults sidewalk , a down a two clown a walking . , child and 
the in flying air with with at father his kids up . young ocean the the two boy a 
from arms <unk> . boy a jumps on little the his beach 
the boy at man tosses a into . air beach the a 
another watches adult beach at is into man throwing an while . the child air a a child 
the as at young man is a boy by watches a . thrown a beach girl 
a a <unk> shaggy . in runs , field big of dog 
dog of in a a field <unk> running 
dog the a out sitting his in grass with , tongue 
haired of a dog meadow in frolics a flowers yellow long . 
grass of dog and plays . shaggy a in field flowers yellow a 
with is jeans black a in the in dog woman a grass . 
small dog running a a grey <unk> of grey alongside in a 
black in a their . playing grass dog person the with 
a a and are . dog running a woman field in 
a flies kite in . her a while a dog watches woman field 
playing woman a shirt in of dog red . war a and a tug black 
pulling dog end and other pulling a rope on of a the is one is . on a girl 
dog brown her with . in surrounded trees by tug-of-war black a plays a landscape woman 
rottweiler outside with dog woman a her plays . 
woman outside and a a dog playing 
another a by a . chasing dog lake dog 
brown the a dog a <unk> shore chasing . at husky 
sand <unk> the , chase . and a other , a by a of across water each husky body dogs two 
two near . chase the water each dogs other 
. the dogs by two playing shore 
a in midair a black dog and catches frisbee . white 
black frisbee and a his dog white . mouth a <unk> is and in has 
a catch jumps frisbee air black the to dog a and in . white up 
, in mouth the a dog air a in its jumps catching frisbee . 
holding . his plate a mouth a , in jump dog in a white 
towards white . running some up a and black potted plants is a path dog 
dog corner back the looks another but follows . a around dog 
dog turns camera some near is a potted the plants toward . back 
camera . dog a turning to at the look 
hallway a dog a with plants white . filled and black potted in 
sitting a of people around table coffee drinking group <unk> a or 
individuals , table at three smiling a . sit 
around a . three for people table gather <unk> 
picture around and table the gather three taken their . people have 
and a a sit a two having table in . at women man home coffee 
stands couple . the by a a hugging dock on water 
and a at behind couple water end . hugging dock a , stone the 
are out of people over that the ocean jetty the end looks two stone hugging a at . 
dock two on a people embrace end the of . 
stand people . on and pier embrace the ocean at the two looking 
man water repels over a cliff . a down 
above a from climber hangs cliff the mountain a ocean . 
into ocean person rope descends a . a from a cliff the 
climbing is rope a , cliff rocky a a a . wall person over , using shore 
the up . is the climbing rock man 
a holding wine man of a his on with a box bottle head 
holding is wine box head wearing man standing and . man a next his wearing hoodie to a black on bottle a a a 
head a man sweatshirt a another and box wearing hoodie one black his wearing over 
their on one man box next bottle a person while another to wearing and standing holding him is is a . head 
his box on with bottle one men a holding , two head a 
black dog walking a water 's along edge . the , big is 
dry dog are near foliage black seen by <unk> a its pond . and reflection a 
woods in beside the dog black water walking a is . 
a dog marsh . 's walks black edge a along 
water of . a walking dog a is body near 
pitbull face the another is dog dog a biting . on 
a . mouth tan his dog opens to dog another bite tan 
is one bite . another to trying dog 
tan dog while on laying tag a another one dog bed . biting 
other , the playing other . dogs each with has one mouth his two biting brown dog open 
clings . bee a yellow a to flower 
a of a top bee flower on 
on a sits bee flower . a 
small a on a <unk> bunch yellow bee of flowers 
. beautiful sky blue yellow flowers and 
wearing on pink girl swing a swings . a 
. a on swing high a swinging girl the is little above wooden fence 
in air a swing the a a up swinging set girl shirt pick on young in 
. the girl a on swing is 
swing girl the the . on little played 
with buildings street man a near of the left side a man . along colorful the on a sitting walking 
walking sitting man . street the man by a on a 
man a sidewalk down a in walks the with and backpack background . buildings with dreadlocks colorful the 
sidewalk white with walks the dreadlocks . man down a 
sidewalk as are pass boys cars the the . two by road on on 
over white with pile , brown dog background a jumping a of . trees and logs black , in the 
over logs some is . jumping dog a 
over pile jumps dog a . of a logs 
jumps dog over of . a pile wood a 
in logs large clearing some a dog woodland . a leaping over is 
in pink a . top hair her swinging with a girl everywhere flying is 
swinging is girl . a 
girl swinging her looking and with flying down hair is a . 
as behind 's she girl her a hair <unk> swings 
girl long flying a in . while hair with the swings she <unk> 
dog front of bushes in a black across field grassy is . some running a 
grassy a in dog playing . park jumping and a 
on with dog muzzle a a . 
ground over grassy . greyhound a leaps muzzled 
in the black into leaps dog air . grass the the 
a has dog a disc purple brown . 
closed mouth eyes dog purple its its frisbee a and brown . in a has 
disc a holding pink dog black and yard brown . is the a green on 
its . play returns the the to dog toy <unk> 
this holding . is frisbee a dog a 
with a a a microphone are of people into to speak listening group a man moustache . 
microphone speaks brown hair someone . background with a in lady a sitting on table at while a the 
. people group as microphone holds man one a watch a looks and speaks a down and woman seated of 
looking a at . woman a table down 
tables while microphone with a a people a speaks . sit man 
. a over chain brown a jumps dog 
chain a jumps over a . dog 
a . dog chain a over leaping 
chain a . jumps greyhound a over 
chain brown a road gravel over a over dog . leaps suspended 
<unk> " grey jumps " dog over another large a . 
dog the grey jumping puddle one in tan air in another front of 
are other each a yard dogs . in two chasing 
two in dogs playing . grass 
two in gray , play grass the . on air , the dogs high poodle the 
a distant up is sheer mountain a climbing . very person 
climber . a going rock distance view wall a a mountain up <unk> of steep 
climbing person rock 
rock scaling person . a a wall steep is very there 
side person mountain climbing is of this . the a 
climbing a man wall sheer rock a 
person climbing a large . a mountainside 
climbs rock . a person a up face 
rock a climber 
ascending mountain climber a a 
. over <unk> a ditch to and bending dogs down are into two looking 
two the a rock their under with . to bottoms digging large dogs camera are 
<unk> are they the with only shown tails as dirt dogs . <unk> in and two their 
the the dogs ground at air two . sniffing are in tails with their 
are straight sticking a down their two with their heads and tails hole dogs . up 
dog the a black the running of . ocean along edge 
along runs beach . black dog the a 
dog beach sandy black surf through a . a runs on 
. a ocean surf dog along the runs 
very . surf clean on , dog is sand to <unk> beach running close 
outdoors watch couple . while , a another kiss couple 
background in woman scarf outside a red a with and a are kissing a wearing man woman . the 
wearing the . scarf a woman on the is red right 
love the complete . kissing embrace <unk> people beautiful two in are in 
two people kissing . 
with a and cars street . buildings view 
are parked street . by cars european in <unk> store a little 
of line street and <unk> cobblestone 
building stand parked has . that cars a front outside of in people 
two street there the corner on signs of blue . are the 
black a . running and field a cow dog white is through 
white . are black a where and running in there cows the dog grass some 
the while cows is calf a on fields running in . look 
the cow foreground <unk> herd in the . with in pasture dog a a running 
around in a . grass sheep running dog the 
person by . dog <unk> a a bites object an 
someone toy pull its with dog . from a playing it dog to tries a as mouth 
toy a golden retriever with . a plays 
with tug-of-war photographer . dog the a is playing 
. fighting two toy for the chew same dogs 
laying metal the brown are street pole on dogs two a next to . 
pole are to . two dogs <unk> a 
are city in two . to tied tree dogs a a 
a . dogs two tree to tied 
sit a two dogs near . small tree 
. carrying a brown big a white dog away runs and stick 
with his in dog a grass through the . mouth a running stick 
. stick huge fetching dog 
in carrying the stick is brown . a white mouth dog his and 
its in . with the is stick a brown mouth running away dog 
bench on kissing couple young a park . a 
woman . young man on a and a kissing are outside sitting bench 
a public . out park in is couple making bench on 
wooden kissing girl and boy a on the are . whilst sitting bench 
man . sitting kissing the woman a and bench on are 
brown in a mouth stick carrying its a . dog 
it dog a has the from up holds as water head a . stick its coming 
stick swimming mouth its dog a a with . in 
a with swimming dog small a branch mouth . in its 
closeup the large a water dog of a brown very holding . in stick 
wearing grass a long an backpack orange is . walking through hiker 
with in brush walking backpack big . orange a man a 
an in . man <unk> area with orange backpack a an 
backpack person grass large the hiking a a tall . through with 
backpack the orange a wooded with . the walks hiker into black away area and 
looks the over cliff a a backpacker fog towards . 
backpacker . a a foggy landscape toward looks 
distance on a stands looking the into hiker hill a . 
man standing an path a backpack is <unk> a on with . orange 
stares yellow backpack into . hiker with fog 
the drinking paper . reading a man and 
a for . man a the at reads one newspaper table 
the while newspaper drink a a reads having man . 
glasses whilst drink sits table newspaper the wearing . at a a reading a with man 
man an and . beer drinking the a newspaper reading in shop african-american 
a room a sit sunlight of in waiting couple chairs lit . people in in 
chairs background and <unk> a line . in the sitting a people few of white folded 
has chairs wait person their in one off . , shoe people 
sitting them place an and inside chairs of a in . people photo of with 
glass a white framed some people in sitting canopy are . under seats 
backpack water rocky a a on the overlooking a sits ledge woman carrying . 
woman rocks a sits on by the a beach alone . 
a . by rock on a the water sits woman 
sits . a rock on woman the 
red backpack is the a . water wearing sitting woman a rock a on overlooking 
building mountain inside a of that a large a group people overlooks 
front mountain while window range onlookers a large stand in with a . 
window look . at out mountains the people 
the stand people window look . mountain out and the view to 
. in front of a of and <unk> mountain a in people window of front 
. rally at crowd a a 
a to people <unk> <unk> . <unk> from crowd genocide of the armenian 
. a of a about from group are man podium a gathered to genocide armenian people watch speak 
hear to <unk> to gather the armenian a <unk> . genocide people 
suit a a there . in at speaking protest podium man a march at is 
a giving <unk> armenian is the lady genocide <unk> with . a 
microphone is into middle event . protest eastern talking a a a at woman 
by speaking <unk> on genocide , in the " a has at suits and men a woman <unk> armenian <unk> podium . " it written 
armenian woman genocide an at a speaking event 
at a speaks a surrounded woman men religious . by podium 
with standing . a a of woman spectators group man and a 
a and wearing . next stands holding white to woman man flag a black a 
woman and a flag man holding a behind railing . a 
white cap a of and <unk> flag behind man group him a as an shirt people waves in . a stand 
an crowd in man and , blue a a red orange flag , with older 
a . drinks glass bottle from a boy 
bottle a a girl . purple boy is a watching drink in a from sweater 
watching boy a . from bottle in sweater purple girl a a drink green a 
a a pink bottle watches drink out in of crowded . little a on girl young a street boy 
a green drinking in boy watching with purple bottle . sweater girl from 
in field a <unk> man sitting a 
hat is a bag a on ground wearing a man the small sitting . with 
wearing . a person behind with a grass the sits hat a him on mountain 
. a mountain grassy a behind sitting cap on on person with <unk> them down a a is plain with 
man green mountains sky background . grass on , in and <unk> 
a a american is dress with . face hood sitting her while woman her in covering an an wearing orange with african hand chair 
an outfit . woman is <unk> her a her with sitting hand face in on 
. in woman red her face a headscarf covering 
palm woman face orange . in clothing over putting her her 
her with sitting in over face her woman headscarf blue in orange hand chair . a 
a catching puppy a bird 
field bird its small white . holds mouth in a a runs in it dog a as 
a gray dog a field white in a bird . carries 
bird a a puppy mouth . in its carrying black is white 
<unk> returns the bird dog . with 's the 
african kitchen are a . playing two <unk> pink toddlers dressed decorated in in 
pink in dance two and girls . <unk> dresses 
little . girls in two are pink dancing 
together pink dance . little wearing girls two outfits 
young very dance . pink girls inside two in 
a <unk> up their holds class . 
<unk> with posing , a children group their of 
. children their showing group a of <unk> 
up <unk> children . hold the 
up front in group girl yellow shirt in kids . a walks <unk> of the holding a of 
in a jumping tree dog of black front a frisbee . red a towards 
a dog jumps through the . grass 
frisbee the catch a park in in to jumps air grassy a a dog grey 
dog grass . the shaggy in a jumps outside 
the jumping black dog the air . up in is 
golden plants wooden a on through walkway of a woman . a field is walking away 
over walking either a with a grass of her woman side bridge on tall . 
woman walks a boardwalk along a 
. field on path through a with wooden a walks hair with <unk> dark grassy woman a 
bridge a of a through tall young woman crosses field grass a . 
shakes brown of water off itself and dog . black a 
shaking of himself a the brown black and dog water 
red and droplets . a black and all with blue a grassy water a around on stands brown dog collar with brown surface 
off it stretches . shakes dog out dust neck a as its 
dog . shaking in water <unk> a field wet a off 
a a and brown retriever . dog is collar black golden playing in pink with a smaller 
a is on dog brown black large orange and jumping dog small a . 
with fighting brown dog a larger forest . smaller a a dog in black 
near with brown mouth tan . head open dog dog of black and 
near . the two woods playing dogs 
folded area in enclosed with . standing is an <unk> arms female in a 
stands girl a in area . lit a dimly 
<unk> lone wearing and hoodie blue a on black a a jeans sidewalk standing 
subway in . something stands on waiting girl 
. with background crossed seated in arms , in figure stands stone girl <unk> 
standing an in girl place a enclosed 
girl his . the background stands a man in while a alone arms raises 
large boys background two industrial . with girl garage the stands in teenage sitting in a a 
jeans a a shirt on black woman wearing sidewalk a blue and standing 
young . lady standing waiting alone 
rock boy a . wall a harness in climbs a 
a hangs a small next . harness a to climbing safety boy wall from 
on young a boulder harness boy a up a . climbs 
the a . wall is white rock climbing boy 
wall white climbs child small rock a the . 
a are black brown and . the toward camera dog running a 
a yellow a dog and black 
ball dog a black dog a and . brown a with 
soccer ball to and large a appear black a dog dog yellow large a . be with playing 
soccer a is brown by the the ball dog running black dog and is . 
a he fetches lake a as in stick swims white a dog 
a holds white swimming a stick while . dog 
from the retrieves owner a for lake . white the stick dog her 
stick white dog with a a . swims 
from retrieving water stick dog white 
beach boy on are a and little girl the <unk> . playing with little a 
a small at girl boy edge 's on beach ground looking , the the and 
on the two <unk> playing by kids a beach water 
little beach covered kids a <unk> play . two on 
on of two . rocks near the edge stand young the water child the 
signs holding a . group people up of are 
<unk> of that letters a " carry <unk> pink group " . people 
up " woman hold sign <unk> . a " reading many 
" " <unk> that people pink <unk> signs out . holding , 
, curb war . <unk> <unk> umbrellas with out pink on <unk> 
a sidewalk the carrying hug sign . says along that man a free 
above head sign his holds a . man up " hugs " free a 
. " free man hugs holding sign is a a says that " 
is sign shirt hugs in young a holding black . man a a free 
blue carrying wearing sign a shirt is green free the man and and . a hugs jeans 
a the is mouth grass in its . black carrying something across dog running 
black in with running mouth . a is dog outside toy a its 
a the carrying black runs toy green . mouth dog grass its a along in 
with a on in toy black . dog green mouth runs a grass his 
black . grass in carrying is mouth dog the in and running something its 
ball playing . dog a with a is fetch 
<unk> dirt the running the up catch ball while ground . on dog a a to 
a dog the <unk> ball on . flying to turns grass a 
a chasing dog . brown is ball a after light 
dog ball yellow a . <unk> a 
into a a while flipping girl swimming others . pool swim 
the others side heads the a <unk> . at girl while pool into 
is pool a an . diving girl indoor into 
is are the jumping an one indoor in girl swimming many . pool headfirst people in of in and act 
are the swimming . pool indoor in an teenagers together 
a a dog with playing is in . sand and black the white golf ball 
a fence of a dog playing small with . on a in ball wooden golf the beach front 
in plays . the sand with dog a ball a 
white with looks a ball dog the in . at sand golf black spots a 
dog . retrieving it the eyes the ball before 
huge girl . a rock climbs a 
and her black in rocks climb large , pants lady . shadow a 
rock climber . the face side up a a a large rock of taking step 
in pants smooth . girl black rock climbing 
striped climbing young woman . wearing shirt rock 
, rock in . a of fallen a climbs <unk> man and red snow field in a cliffs , 
, a man climbing snowy rocky . mountain a rock is up 
red rock a man . a wearing a field boulder shirt in a scales 
background in . climbing a rock rocks many snow with the large covered a person 
shirt the . long is a the red in sleeved snow rock with person the climbing 
tops red . and flags the of holding , two asian backs wearing girls red 
two busy are crossing at asian girls standing pedestrian . dressed red a in 
cross are two girls in traffic with cars . a jackets trying going lot red of by to 
jackets corner . <unk> two in standing street on red red with a people 
women to attempting busy a two street <unk> in . cross 
. riding the a street is in scooter a boy yellow on 
a . boy a on scooter 
in scooter neighborhood helmet suburban rides a . boy wearing a a a 
child . on jumping is scooter a a curb the 
helmet scooter orange an riding boy young a wearing a 
. soccer after player black player chasing and is a white in blue the in 
strip down falling white soccer ball as blue girl in <unk> is in strip for . the the the the the girl 
the playing are . girls soccer 
soccer . women uniforms in two playing soccer 
a . two different are on women soccer field on teams young playing 
of dog brown races in . grass field white dog a a a 
and . through brown field one one running dog a white 
through the dogs field . the brown run and white 
the by in are dogs . running field side side two 
two . through the run dogs brush 
dirt rides of jump off . bike a rider a 
. is a <unk> racing biker course with a number on dirt 
on a jump in a a his helmet does man bike . 
a dirt in rides . in a track a bike yellow motocross forest down man a 
bike dirt racer 
a riding competition bike dirt . hill in man a down in a 
black motocross a wearing and white . red rider helmet with , a white 
a going . , steep down racer motorcycle dirt hill a 
dirt . down person a rides hill a motorbike a 
dirt hill riding is down a a man bike . the 
is dirt a another <unk> . by fallen biker 
a motocross hill his man pushes . bike a up dirt young 
dirt is sand rider the the bike deep . in 
dirt a two . lifting boys bike 
dirt up dirt hill to sandy bike young a . a bikers try get 
rides dirt . biker dirt hill bike up a motorized rocky a a on 
a rocks . bike and a suit safety uphill wearing dirt over man goes on a helmet 
riding a rocky a . dirt gear up man bike hill a protective wearing 
a motorbike off hill an rocky climbs . road 
rocky terrain a uphill going person a on motorcycle on 
<unk> scooter shoes a an shopping for while <unk> . riding man elderly wearing a 
for a on shoes cart man shopping old an 
. large an , in and a hat wearing picking store wheelchair riding at man shoes out a old is motorized , a 
scooter at shoes man looking <unk> . electric of on 
with <unk> head shoes his <unk> for shops on a . <unk> 
. photographed of outdoor front large is a fountain a couple in 
fountain pose . of a a couple in front 
posing a fountain an of for picture a in front older couple 
front a for older picture in couple . posing a fountain of 
for the of male in younger are of water . the picture posing a a front parents fountain 
on clothing street an plays a instrument the in bright . man 
wearing in sweater a . music a man striped plays colorful and the street 
coat the . the is on man a a wearing playing guitar <unk> street 
a on striped guitar the street wearing a the playing shirt man multicolored 
performer colorful with . guitar in performing shirt street small 
other of around couple hugging buildings people with some front a in standing 
hug . a and man a woman on a street 
of in the shirt red hugging taking the the that is man a on photo the is sidewalk couple . 
the taking of two the a in is man picture the people . red hugging shirt 
. share two people hug a 
blue playing are smaller together with big a puppy eyes . a and light tri-colored 
puppy . shepherd an <unk> adult behind a running shepherd <unk> follows 
, blue stands an older puppy with a with behind eyes . runs dog blue eyes 
by larger yard is dog in grassy small white a . a dog and black a followed 
dogs two are outside . the 
cigarette at smoke couple <unk> young . man a stars as a they a old 
a the standing and with to woman left . , a man sitting man 
over of . two older <unk> unusual an building at stands an the man corner 
a couple sitting a <unk> on man at in white pants haired . step red a 
sitting several and on the standing people sidewalk . outside 
dog play two brown . together the in water 
brown two in water dogs playing 
two playing in ocean the dogs . 
water the in play two . dogs 
water in the identical their noses brown dogs . with the air in two 
sit a a . group before campfire people of 
sit campfire the sky is a behind four and around . people blue them 
sit campfire several by a <unk> in . the people 
people <unk> lounge of on dark three in a a campfire front 
fire people around three sitting a . 
a are riding group girls of . a roller coaster on 
girl harnesses three . riding a girls in with ride green shoulder are as the poses 
are on . coaster roller girls riding three a 
themselves amusement enjoying ride an . girls on three 
young three girls . posing roller riding coaster while a 
almost kayaker a . over turns 
kayaker rapids traverses a some <unk> . 
kayaking is man . in a rough water 
water a in kayaks <unk> . man 
kayak the blue a a . in <unk> waves person 
against a . in boat a waves yellow man paddling 
paddling yellow snowy river <unk> kayak . is in a a through with a person 
. going kayaker is rapids the through 
man is in a rough the in yellow . waters kayak 
a riding yellow this kayak rapids . in is the person 
with in . is a a shirt girl in guy talking a <unk> <unk> hat room a a to 
talking woman in stick a man holding pool pool to a hall a a 
to a in print black an woman . shirt a with is man hat a talking animal 
holding sweater at boy person <unk> looking pool in 
people to pool place are other two each . a at talking 
to girl music a a on and bus reads . listens 
a . woman reads book a a on train 
a public . while on reads woman transportation 
sitting a reading the . book and girl is train a on 
and headphones reading listening on , woman to a train . 
full behind the midair in guy raft of people is a . 
water . off flipped a of raft man white a 
flying raft 6 filled a with a of other . river people out man 
has look white of him at water a fallen a . while out other raft man <unk> 
a raft from the into <unk> man is . a air 
people group go a . rafting of 
blue a person flies backward raft off near . a rapids 
people raft the <unk> six been has the of into are on the boat riding out . whilst person water in <unk> white air 
. raft the the guy rapids out the gets thrown on of 
of . in <unk> the one out the a are the raft six blue people person and in raft water 
watch a others climber as scales . a cliff 
while <unk> . a a the rock on climbing up people figure is watch 
face cliff while others a a watch woods the . climbs in person 
woman a rock is climbing 
a is . rock on climbing are face man a who people watching 
white headband right . a , background crowd the a with looking teenage a in boy 
white young wearing man and grey shirt a a and black headband a 
a standing with up on headband teenager 
the and a teen one the one . other hat headband a has 
in other background headband . in people young a man with young 
looking a on shoulder a he beagle sandy stand as over . slope his 
beagle and stands sand . the a grass in 
a in stands dog a field . 
a on slope sandy and brown , white black . standing dog 
in dune standing grassy dog sand . 
handstand a . on girl a a does trampoline 
handstand girl a on trampoline a a doing 
girl a doing on a . handstand trampoline a 
is girl trampoline a her a doing trick . on 
trampoline handstand little a a girl a on does 
up a kicks a boy . high soccer ball 
the high field green in in ball kicked soccer . a a air boy bright little a very has 
a small soccer ball a grass . boy the red kicks wearing above 
boy soccer a playing with in young ball a a field 
and on boy white young ball grassy a red a soccer field kicks 
a frisbee . casts on dog shadow the a 
. green dog object attempting catch a is a to pink white and 
catch red . white with toy a hair long dog jumps a green to and 
a a white dog to furry frisbee . jumping catch 
frisbee the to is catch a dog trying . 
crouched . man snowy peak a a on 
. stands man deep the a a of jacket base in mountain in snow at a green 
a the . snow man in kneels 
. snow <unk> of a man the <unk> 
into digging a . <unk> snow <unk> the mountain is hiker 
is sitting a a . man a behind bench on bike 
bike a sitting a next man bench . on to his 
sitting bench with leaning on against a a . his man railing a bicycle 
sitting bench with man parked rail his bike . on at a the a 
. bike on to next man sitting a bench a 
black <unk> the red and stands a boy skateboard . a white stars a as over shirt he holds in 
. a the walk skateboarder <unk> of <unk> <unk> 
walks a . stars carrying a on skateboard shirt a striped paved teenage a street wearing with boy 
walking man red . skateboard with 
a with wearing standing striped holding skateboard shirt person on red stars and black . sidewalk white 
. dog face biting a at one 's grassy another in field dog 
two brown field in . dogs playing there are 
brown are with blue . collars two grass dogs the in running 
other through two are each some dogs playing fighting while with . and grass running 
are the grass playing two in dogs . 
blue , in small held girl by swimming baby underwater a . a pool a being 
underwater . <unk> child toddler a a pool in a 
underwater a toddler . girl and a small swimming pool in a 
boy baby underwater are and in a swimming . girl pool young a 
two underwater smile children 
in . black dog a sleeps and the car tan 
asleep black a car in dog a . 
a car in dog a . 
in dog car a . a 
the dog vehicle in is sleeping the . 
a a stunt watching fans performing trick person . bicycle midair with 
a a <unk> . <unk> <unk> onlookers jump as makes rider 
group in bike of on the stunt a a air man young a performing . dirt a are watching people 
trick a performs jump a bmx on . man bike a on a 
a a bike a performing trick on bmx man 
island of in that with light showing body dogs blue a <unk> two is of grass water of running an 
with land on water horizon beach . two a dogs , the near the through run 
water run through towards shallow dogs two . shore 
the . lake dogs splash through two 
shallow a two running the water dogs grey of lake . through 
a obstacle is across dog . an jumping 
a hurdle and over a dog blue red jumps . 
jump a . over a red leaps blue and dog 
over an obstacle a <unk> . jumps golden 
over jumping toy a dog a red and blue tan 
white dog dog a gray is a and white black spotted . and <unk> 
a playing on dog baseball with . another a field spotted dog 
around the sand two are each in running dogs other . 
field two in play sandy a . dogs 
play a dogs two . baseball field on 
is a climbing wall girl a . rock 
climbs . person mountain steep a a 
. a white a person climbs wearing rock hat a 
. <unk> rock a climber 
climbs rocks someone . a 
does others skateboard tricks a ramp watch a man . while off 
does an . skateboarder for a trick audience a 
skateboarder a <unk> . a pipe trick a doing off 
with doing a crowd black is jump skateboarding boy in watching dressed a . 
skateboarding cap a black people in guy . green baseball watching and a 
in in brown jacket and jacket <unk> fountain a black cap man a is blue . 
fountain into . a leans over a man 
bricks man a stares . at 
. corner the a public in man <unk> a jacket fountain of a 
into man looks on young fountain a sunny the the . day 
and with brown and dog dog brown black . playing a a is white 
on two dogs the are . playing grass 
dogs lawn each on grassy a toward other . two leap 
grassy dogs near field a on legs . hind with faces each on two other 
playing two dogs . 
red dog biting . a a a is collar chasing brown on wearing broom and 
a cleaning . the end of a dog broom biting 
<unk> dog . is biting a a 
the as on brick a floor over . broom it tan moves dog a bites 
on broom a dog . chewing tan a 
new on a in a hula hooping york girl is . sidewalk 
hula-hoops girl with in is brown playing little a two . 
girl young hula uses hoops . two a 
sticks with hooping while hula tongue hoops out girl two 
hula hoops man with area stands behind . him out hula with shirt crowded a hooping tongue boy , two in in young blue 
green a beach rock brown , retrieves , a dog on covered <unk> ball a 
carrying is a rocks covered yellow seaweed rope a . in across dog 
water a running ball through a dog mouth with in its 
the in mouth water walks its object an with through dog . a 
very coming through camera a with a . toward dog ball the mossy wet a pond 
brown dogs on are two the running . sand 
dogs brown two sand the on 
on beach playing two brown dogs . a and running 
on dogs sand running two together brown 
run on two . beach the dogs 
shirt another man black and . stares hat a with man at red 
hat other <unk> red asian man in in two shirt men and with flowered 
. in seen man gray older man , man between talk behind shirt and hawaiian from in 
other are sleeved . and men wearing short shirts each all are , near sitting three these 
shirt , one three sitting are and a together in . , red men white 
formal <unk> edge walking clothing <unk> child is along the area that <unk> a is in in a . of 
boy little jacket a the camera with a a face is at making <unk> blue . 
across the walks blue brick a jacket . boy wearing patio a young light 
with grass a as walks blue . boy he makes the towards a coat young face funny a 
white sweater the shirt . jacket a young , is black boy collared blue and walking a wearing 
a along brown is . running beach dog a 
a the beach brown black a collar running . across wearing dog 
water the dog near sand . a the walks on 
. beach running dog the on brown 
the the on running is . dog beach large ocean by brown the 
of a . next to two body standing water are the children on shore 
. a river <unk> , two at standing the children of holding a edge 
with shallow . stand two a shore children net by a 
into water girls . two the look 
close two beach on , the to the water kids playing 
in boat and with shore men fishing on pole standing water 
at fisherman water looking two . the 
. poles two their fishing men holding 
stand the men two . near water poles with fishing their 
fishing men on two are with standing a shore <unk> 
rope the into boy water a jumping from . a 
. the a wearing trunks is into swim rope a swinging red boy from water 
of has go a the rope the <unk> man river swing over . 
rope lake a a a trunks swimming person used into swing jump to who in . has 
a is swinging man dropping from into rope the a river . calm 
. stand a of a house boy front in a and girl 
doorway boy while girl a sits open in a nearby . stands an 
its sits a girl blue outside stoop while child a stands white younger a and of on . home 
a shirtless a next sits blue girl where child a concrete to leans little door wall . on a 
. girl sits who a a house blue boy and young white a young with stands against 
brown on a head standing while is shaking . dog sand his 
brown while dog . on its shaking sand a self with large is ears standing 
head very orange hard . the an on dog sand his shakes 
a body its shaking tan dog 
dog standing while <unk> on head its the beach orange . haired the 
platform a and obstacle an a man dog . on 
top plank long on blue . , of of dog stands wood a a 
a ramp with . man a dog a standing across near walks 
a near equipment . man outdoors 
a white leads . dog blue obstacle his the black and man across 
small in the a shows dogs pink on , , blue to girl and something two . beach black 
pink blue a a big dog looks presents wetsuit another and . oversized and a little flip to red a on flops dog ball young girl while black in red 
dogs beach putting in young the red girl mouth ball a black a on a 
the black the sand to ball little of dogs handing . the one girl two in is a 
two throw girl dogs for beach little at wait to a ball a the black 
jean brown and a blue girl with a shaved head teenage in jacket walks a skirt . 
woman walking along a wearing sidewalk denim jacket a a 
building brown a a skirt , past a woman young with <unk> in a sandals and stone head walking 
path girl head walks on beside . shaved with building 
is walking girl . the outside the shaved on head with sidewalk a 
three . puppies the brown running in grass 
three the grass . are dogs through running 
dogs . field three through run a 
the run three through puppies . small grass green 
dogs brown three over running and grass are . tan 
closeup water white on and grey the of shore . a shoes near beach the 
shoes shoes . wearing of person touching picture converse their the grey a <unk> <unk> a water 
stop on waves is grey . sand person where wearing the a the tennis right standing shoes 
in . a shoes of shot water 
standing . tennis shoes is on the sand wearing person the 
upside with poses girl . down head her a 
girl hangs her a head . upside little down 
a handstand small while girl a smiling doing is 
down a . 's face girl upside 
a her upside young down girl smiling with head 
slide enjoying child a a themselves at yellow . a on park 
a t-shirt towards yellow . a of slide little girl a end the yellow is in tumbling 
girl a slide . little down yellow slides <unk> a 
yellow feet shirt with wearing down . small air a sliding girl a in blond yellow her a slide the 
young a yellow down sliding girl slide with yellow a a shirt 
looks the a . catch air prepares up dog to it a ball and in black at 
falling on dog black . yellow a for a grass the waits ball 
attached the string looking at up to . ball is a a dog 
. the animal near the is pond 
is has the stuck a in next branches . its tree <unk> to a that balloon <unk> 
a a down . runs in girl japanese little path a garden 
down country pond little <unk> an skips a a girl path . near 
. path avoid the the lake young on girl hops near to a located , <unk> a 
pond near a on girl gravel road a is a young jumping . 
near a girl the runs pond . 
a riding 4 . wheeler two are girls 
a of on atv . girls are on in an the front sitting bridge two sand 
girls riding atv two . an 
atv a black is sand posing of two top on on are . that kids 
. drive two an atv young girls 
a the sand a edge across of bird ocean at the chases . girl the 
girl . a chases in suit a beach a a pink <unk> on 
the . the beach behind water right suit in pink girl near arm bathing air with seagull in on a 
along as the girl the the little by . passes shoreline seagull plays 
a red girl feeding bathing seagull young in suit 
a jumps up as to dog another one dog ball it catch runs towards . 
playing two are fenced yard . a dogs in in 
ball catch play two dogs a rubber . with 
a in two tall playing with together . dogs large are a fence yard 
fenced in dogs . playing together a tan yard two 
boy plays . jacket a gym little a on a in jungle red 
on boy . a little playground a playing 
on small outdoor . a child black an jungle plays gym 
on young black boy sweatshirt a a a red plays and red gym vest . in jungle 
playing some boy metal bars on 
another dog is chasing . black dog black a 
black another dog away running dog black is from a wet . 
grass the green dogs . black run two along 
running grass . black , on wet two dogs 
dogs two chasing the in other grass each 
is girl rowing lake a . in a 
. canoe a skinny girl a sits on 
in woman a . <unk> behind sits her looks and dock a a rowing at 
woman a in rowboat a sitting 
girl of thin leaving in . a a lake rowboat dock the 
dog water . leaps a the into brown 
a leaping off boat a dog 
from jumping collar wearing dog a platform a a . 
a off jumps dog grey into a a and lake dock brown 
a <unk> the air tail of . his with dog a in toward jumps brown water the light 
red is a a jacket a girl in headfirst . going pink slide down 
on girl slide a red slides a 
red down small a girl slide a shiny headfirst . sliding 
is coat laying front a down . a slide in toddler red pink on a 
her slide stomach red on down . sliding is pink girl in a coat 
bikini chair towel . is a lounge woman black in sitting on a pink a on a 
hot <unk> hot nails pink laying suit a is and pink girl a bathing towel on . with 
woman pink covered a chair pink . a is deck with bikini a that in laying towel is on lounge a 
towel woman there on a lawn <unk> <unk> <unk> . chair flip on her next pink and a to <unk> a <unk> flops very is , 
is woman in pink <unk> 
walks brush . under in dog brown the a 
dog . a pauses in the bushes 
long through dog grass the runs a . 
standing brown open mouth amidst greenery dog . with 
dog brown long-haired . garden in 
group of playing children with a <unk> 
kids fighting . are a of sword group 
are children street with in playing . the swords toy 
swords with children . fight play 
a . building a some in children rope on city next tugging a to 
a child hockey playing ice is 
rink hockey the a player young playing ice in 
playing youth hockey a . 
the puck the is ice skating . on player the hockey <unk> 
hockey are two . ice playing people 
standing man is a a a . on holding flag busy sidewalk 
crowded with city a in man a ball a in flag . stands in cap a a crosswalk 
stands man on holding crosswalk a flag . a a 
cap on on street with a him green a standing yellow man a red flag and around his and wrapped head . 
lit background in , stands in wrapped man city in intersection . flag <unk> 
. men soccer game in participate a 
. soccer male game players in two action 
as for battle they a men fall two soccer . ball 
footballers field opposing on . a play two 
players field soccer two playing soccer on a 
haired coach white is men towards <unk> of run team him while his young they a . 
coach front of . a in <unk> running group stands haired school him of a past white boys high 
are towards teenage a white . in three running an older shirt man boys 
three older a whistle face young an men . man with 
coach <unk> young past three men outside their . 
crosses city elderly in an woman . a the road 
a elderly is up walking in a jacket red city hilly . street an woman 
an red crosswalk blue a in woman the street . in elderly and crosses 
street walking woman elderly an . crossing uphill the 
the lady street in . crosses city the old 
dogs fighting black a and two sandy over beach white long stick on the 
dogs . the they same sand as the carry in stick mouths walk on their two 
one beach holding . dogs a two on stick 
a stick beach dogs fight on over . the two 
, two the on sand each stick . wet same biting dogs 
field the football tag . down run playing boys 
chasing who is football holding is another one kid . a kid 
for is across flags a football close grabbing carrying another a one . kid while behind is running his field 
tag . children football playing two 
little play . green football on two boys grass 
two black biting . frisbee on dogs a are brown 
wrestling piece material a two are dogs . black of over 
dogs holding frisbee black two mouths single their a in 
holding mouths two in their frisbee . dogs one 
dogs two are frisbee grabbing black . a both brown large 
man a boarding onto ropes while . boogie holding 
and pulled his ski a . on water is ropes man holds onto through the 
parachute man to attached wakeboard rides a a . a 
man windsurfing . a 
is . man the waterskiing 
. swing on child a swings a 
is . on upside kid down a a swing 
down young child hanging swing a shirt a a purple in on upside 
, upside down on girl swing . little 
wears swings a girl the purple and upside down outfit . 
with are dogs playing each . the three other 
dogs three playing . grass on 
three in . dogs grass play the 
outside three . dogs play 
three on the play grass . dogs green together 
are going a soccer a a white and blue ball both . dog for black 
white black and a dog ball dog a black grass tan in and the and playing . are 
ball a each and a and other dog black green . dog a play white with 
a two to are trying ball grab . dogs 
a sized dogs playing medium with ball green two 
two chase brown black by is a on dogs . being beach the dog 
over is black a brown dog dogs by followed sand two . 
a across running of rocky beach group a three sandy dogs , . 
two one on and . white brown and sand and dog dogs black moving white 
sandy landscape . are across dogs three running a 
wave smile and to the camera woman 
a . shirt behind with hair another woman standing red a is waving black while woman in 
nearby is while red a . is pink posing in kitchen staring woman a items woman is 
are . two restaurant a together smiling women at 
in two front and cups of boxes . of women <unk> 
ball . a are dog over black and dog a fighting black a soccer 
gnawing and are dogs a ball yellow blue . at two 
dogs blue play two ball over fight and . a 
two . with dogs playing ball a 
blue ball a dogs playing green with . two and 
being water bathing a a a in slide suit the girl pool <unk> . from into colourful 
the comes a off girl she . slide screaming water is as 
sliding . little into a a girl pool 
a water the off slide coming . into pool girl a is of 
in a of . young the suit end girl bathing falling an slide off pool a into 
flowers and a . grass looks out green over dog 
a dog a an to area tied in open grassy leash . 
and stands a field grass in a <unk> terrier of 
into background dog small looking 
dog facing black . is the away a in field leash from and and on a camera the brown 
jumping a swing boy off a 
when set swing a swing <unk> off . on boy a high jumps the its 
midair shirt child a a coming . out swing in of in a white 
young . a a off leaps boy swing 
white the the from swing is . leaping boy wearing 
puppy the standing a in is collar . blonde red a wearing water 
pond in collar a a with dog furry a is . sitting 
water swims tan dog in a . the around 
green surrounded through pond white . wades with by hair a long a dog grass 
the the of white at edge water . dog 
<unk> while of men . enjoying a young around group a beverage 
<unk> . steps five men on pose 
young five men . on pose steps the 
. boys four posing drink boy one down while sets his 
posing young group of and holding cans . men 
a gray bicycle suit a in up man a <unk> 
pole metal bicycle a to man . his <unk> a 
a while staring interact it away for prepares to bicycle man a from <unk> a . with 
in an elderly his man suit bike . <unk> a 
bike in his suit older <unk> a a to an pole man 
in train a <unk> with on bag position girl a black a a 
<unk> carrying black and . in woman , <unk> " " crowd with <unk> asian bag pain 
bag subway woman . rides and holding black the white a 
a a woman bus a . holds while crowded in outfit purse white her on 
handbag a a in crowd young , in a black stands woman . white carrying 
girl with girl in . behind bubbles blowing is dress a her another a 
outdoors girls . blow bubbles 
young . dresses there two blowing bubbles colorful girls in are 
at bubbles in girls a park . two colourful dresses blowing 
with bubble two dresses little bubbles blowing . <unk> bright girls are wearing 
in a is blue . shirt running a boy 
running a a young image of boy distorted 
, running a boy picture little . blurry 
a . young boy runs 
. very fast boy little running 
a in . cat grass sits alone dry 
. cats the group grass sit of in a 
resting grass several field a of cats dry in 
in the field laying dry the grass . <unk> of are cats 
<unk> two in white gray and with <unk> laying a <unk> , grass . brown three cats the are , the 
jumping holding while dog a lady is a another dog yard in a 
woman white a . at jumps holding a dog another dog 
dog woman dog wearing holding front in of tan up jumps white . a shorts while her a is a 
with the her lady in playing two dogs . yard 
as dog . on grass small another , dog <unk> woman up jumps 
white the small dirt another playing are people dog of small patch black outside the a is two . and dog running grass where of on right through a 
dog a white . runs small 
dog white on black a dog people and from and running brown two away gravel . a is 
. in dog background people two with white outside 
. running dirt fluffy in dog the white 
hay only in . lies and with head arm child a showing the a 
a in . for arm except is child straw covered left the young and head 
and . hiding hay underneath playing child 
hay girl in . hides 
and playing hay child . <unk> in <unk> the is the 
child bathrobe . standing a a a is doorway in in white 
crosses in its <unk> . tied a together arms with man bathrobe a a 
doorway is in in a a child a robe and . black standing wrapped bathroom white young 
in bathrobe wrapped girl the . a emerges a and towel from young bathroom black 
wearing bathrobe girl a a . by a young white door stands 
a booth . looking <unk> an a at at fair outdoor at woman 
the people at merchandise a tent examine in a fair <unk> . 
people a in a under shop . tent 
the this <unk> in . tent people several inspecting merchandise 
hair shoes socks man white <unk> wearing long and a shirt a is , red has shorts , red . there , white 
brown a soccer ball a at starring dog . 
a dog to a out holding soccer man grey . deflated ball a 
gray white being soccer large ball a dog . handed 
of holding someone front a is in dog ball red with collar <unk> out a a brown . 
to deflated a tries dog to owner . hand his the ball 
the another girl falling kisses a girl frame . while out third little of is 
three for girls girls others picture kisses the cheek the of a pose one . and 
, girls the three . other kissing third , one leaning back dressed a well 
and embracing <unk> other three each are young girls happy . 
in and two . dressed girls white one in brown dressed 
a holding breath and pool underwater in a child their man . swimming 
pool swimming the kids in underwater . 
two pool swimming boys are a underwater in . 
swimming is the underwater . two background boys in a swimming a girl pool in and are 
swimming a two woman boys in background the are underwater with . 
railings shirt . a in <unk> boy striped two a 
in playground the of . a shirt sides <unk> a striped a boy bridge 
a set a <unk> boy a outside play bridge on . 
. of boy railings is the on top the 
railings . striped the in <unk> shirt child wooden between the the 
a the from wearing water . red <unk> girl 
emerging a . swimming suit the from young water a girl in 
girl a young in pool . red is suit the in bathing 
blond with <unk> <unk> front pool in girl , . 
pool red . wearing swimsuit the a is little in girl the 
black . running dog a 
wooded through running is dog area black a a . 
. black through the dog running forest a 
through dog running . the woods 
out curve . coming of rounds the the dog the woods 
of a people other in red an older vest at with woman . the street group a 
an lady . down walks old the street 
crowd stands a woman . vest a in a in red 
other people . a outside red woman in with stands 
of an woman . walking closeup across with a male street <unk> her elderly 
ready a take man gets to a . picture 
at looking a man is his camera 
camera his a man picture looking in a at . 
with screen a , man looking at . camera digital a the 
for photographer . a prepares a shot 
i a is frisbee . a mouth dog catching its 
a a dog catches . red mouth disc white his in 
a pink grab to frisbee white leaps a . dog up 
yellow in frisbee dog a . catches a midair 
yellow frisbee dog red catches a a . 
. that attached a boy a a on t-shirt a to playing in white tree is swing is 
a smiles child on a tree . swing 
high a trees background swings the . with child in 
a tree a at of the toddler high swing point in a . 
boy riding swing . a a young in 
big creek itself a a dog . shakes standing dry in while 
next water a . to lake blond dog off a shakes 
dog water brown splashing itself by water is a everywhere the . of off shaking 
its shaking water dog off is . tan a fur 
river himself dog . shaking standing dry is by a a white 
looks an . blonde shirt a at woman on event in blue a 
taking what she another woman a lady is . to watching , photos paying attention 
blue a gazes . shirt in woman a into distance the 
with woman . hoop a earrings and shirt blue a 
and with woman shirt a hoop . blue earrings 
, paved a toy a path along boy holding a football runs . 
plastic a carrying past . foam very house a a football runs boy small 
small with football . walkway boy a paved a runs very down a 
small . person a runs with a football 
holding . on small young a a running a sidewalk football boy 
with mouth his black in . dog tennis the a in water ball a 
dog a black ball its swimming with . a is mouth in 
swimming with mouth tennis dog a in its black is a ball . 
ball water black dog a the a its in in . mouth with swims 
a his . dog the swims ball in in tennis with water a mouth 
with a ball water a the black plays . in dog 
runs dog mouth pink in in water toy . holding the black a a its 
a a standing with ball black its water in mouth shallow . in pink dog 
in ball a red . a dog holding black stands surf rubber the 
a running the water ball the pink though . black dog is with 
dog dog are a black . in and <unk> <unk> brown some 
dog light and some brown a dry and in dog brown black . are brush a 
. standing in some the in brush same looking and dog direction black a yellow 
one . dog a black mostly with dog one and tan stick 
. playing outside dogs two 
a a rides . boy horse 
boy rides . young <unk> a horse a brown 
brown and with purple child horse . <unk> shirt is a atop 
. getting kid hair holding horses the by onto is the its back onto 
is horse small . 's child a back on the 
sand a , black brown runs , in and dog white . the 
sand large in small dunes foliage a some of is brown across dog green . running front 
striped in dog . the running is desert a 
wild desert . runs the dog through a 
a <unk> <unk> sandy in running . 
oriental <unk> <unk> flowers an 
<unk> buckets in right person between a and looking to plants a standing the box . 
placed a <unk> at flowers of in counter . green dressed it on a standing black woman with 
. holding woman that of at counter a is is standing flowers a buckets 
the counter sitting the girl is the . the cardboard boxes of flowers at bucket and between 
waves man . fishes white some near a 
in breaking . a man is up a holding a stick the by wave ocean 
with looks over water man his . an object hand a in out the 
man ocean fishes . in 
wave a standing there of in front a fisherman large . is 
posing event dressed couple for together . a a formal 
a . a outside a wedding after church couple 
dress outside , a walks a posing in . a couple woman by building while a green 
. a in pose young a picture couple formal for 
and . couple for older wear formal young pose in woman background in man camera , 
, and clothes holds . dressed sunglasses while one a formal in two drink pose white men 
a glasses with two . drink and men in suits white 
in cheer men white suits two 
two men white party wearing punching hands and sunglasses are air into . a their at the suits 
their young and in men a arms suits sunglasses in smile and . white bar two raise 
her red front standing . with in their <unk> is hair lady hands holding with up another person behind of a a table 
by house dj a . deck woman is in a aged a middle standing 
as to be . middle dj <unk> a aged people woman a point younger 
. woman the older another stands by female camera off an turn flips as tables 
like lady red haired dj . <unk> a 
background a office boy large fountain an , . with to standing the next building in 
kids the soaked getting in water are . sprinklers with standing 
in playing . water are fountains people 
in people <unk> day sunny on standing in . city water the a 
fountain a in person stands cloudy spray under . blue from young a sky 
and a . doing push outfit a child <unk> in white orange 
blue a while makes face laying girl her on goggles on the . wearing grass head a 
half goofy and a . push grass does a makes face girl the up a little in 
, on girl a hair her with a in bow the . a <unk> doing grass little 
head grass and blue child wearing on its the swim . goggles in lying 
another top of laughing . and three are one <unk> girls on fell 
other the three each of girls concrete on . pile top on 
playing the on girls three . ground 
girls the on ground three each other over all laughing , teenage rolling 
girls laugh three wrestling young . lot play and a 
tries a jeep driving a hill . rocky over 
. vehicle an climbs a over dirt off hill road 
of vehicle a . comes the a over top hill 
in a white dirt in . woods the jeep the 
rides field dirt monster through truck 
badminton children . the garden playing in are 
lawn the badminton on children . play 
playing three badminton are . children 
a background fence playing in three , badminton boys the with . young 
the a <unk> two to boys badminton hold sky in backyard . 
bald a to jacket woman is rock a . in man on a sitting black a next 
is rock sitting person is nearby while a another one large person on standing 
a rocky pauses overlook atop couple the . 
a two looking are at on sitting . horizon the people rock 
on other looking rock two . a people at each 
on the . girls cob two cute corn little enjoying 
two sitting corn on enjoy cob while the girls on curb a . 
of girls on little a edge . sitting cob the street two eating the corn on 
sitting are eating street corn girls on young . the two 
shoes eating two sidewalk on on girls young . corn without the cob a 
on dog the black another black looking is lying down . dog at a grass 
two in with . play grass each the dogs other black big 
two dogs grass together . the black are around <unk> 
on black playing . two are the grass dogs 
dogs together lawn on play black two a 
a group playing a statue . are children near of 
group a kids structure . a colorful on of play 
playing structure a four children on <unk> 
a with climb and boy pink middle four on a , girls three , <unk> one children . <unk> eastern 
children climb . a <unk> around some 
some a white dog brown chasing and grass . on ball a 
a ball grass has on the brown playing and white is dog . a with white 
in grass green a field with a white . ball of a collie plays 
playing with a green on white ball grass dog a orange . 
paws dog brown a ball small white a at 
outside a girl running . blonde little 
and little laughing yellow girl running wearing . blonde a 
girl little in holding a a runs jumper a . yellow bucket 
hair yellow curly and is jumping a . with dress little girl blond up wearing 
the dress garden in . is running young yellow in the area girl the 
girl by a a from . hanging is tree a upside-down swing 
a hanging little a down from attached swing girl . is a tree to upside 
a in . , , girl little white dot with polka on down upside swing a and jeans , her hangs a shirt brown hair backyard 
in dot a . a tree young polka swing shirt a on upside child down hangs 
child from hanging tree a down upside swing 
a a of wall front . boy is colorful the ground in break tracksuit a on dancing in white 
city . dancer a starts break <unk> to 
balances a <unk> on watches child while of a background man in front a his . colorful 
watch moves children . doing man dance a 
dancer wearing white and shirt pants the is a grey break . 
water lake girl in a wading through a . 
lit around girl in water . a splashes natural 
. running <unk> child a lake a in at the young 
with a in background . the others in young the water playing watching girl 
<unk> is through splashing . water <unk> someone 
<unk> them is together two <unk> girls are . that ride fair be a on to 
amusement at park enjoy two . ride an girls a 
a amusement . girls ride two park an on at 
ride girls an park riding two . amusement 
girls park with amusement ride ride . two <unk> an 
the rides his boy park a skateboard at . 
a red little in . skateboarding boy 
. is through skating a skating young boy a park 
at young sidewalk a skate a boy park . on skateboards a 
a little grey on with and red does shirt trick a boy skateboard . shorts 
. a mountain a skis man on snowy 
steep down . person hill snowy skis a a 
skier snowy down a mountainside a skiing 
a snow skier the speeds . through 
and a backpack the whilst skier descending is the wearing . helmet silver hill red 
the . fetching of brown out water a a dog ball 
a with mouth out is brown climbing water ball dog . of its green a in the 
water is . of tennis mouth some with brown onto pulling the its itself rocks ball a dog a out in 
. out fetches tennis of pool a water a of a ball dog 
getting of a with water out in its mouth dog ball the . a 
next orange white an a on black a to carpet dog . 
on floor with a playing carpeted a puppy an black orange is . 
an orange beside inside puppy black . standing a 
floor dog a to the next an on orange . 
wall by to black . standing is orange the the next the dog 
dog fence a a jumping over . 
a dog jumps a field barrier over . in a 
is a a black fence over dog jumping spots white . with white 
leaps the in the dog fence the park over . 
a . fence the jumps dog spotted 
white on is muzzled grass the running a . dog 
a dog the . on a muzzle with running grass is white 
white a through a field uncut nearby an is running fence muzzle dog . with a with 
dog in grass front white muzzle . with trots of a on a trees 
a with white grass muzzle running the dog . in 
male with down walking in shirt neighborhood . sidewalk a a a blue pants and a in grey backpack 
man between a houses walks 
person of backpack carrying with between down . houses bags <unk> a sidewalk a a 
walks . a woman buildings a along series a with of backpack 
rows between . walk two is houses walking the person down paved a of 
paint face his a blue boy thumb . with <unk> 
a sucking toddler and paper paint face , his , with hat thumb . a 
thumb a <unk> his boy sucking is young . 
and has face wearing crown blue child the , on paint paper is black . a and 
black holds paint printed young boy a near mouth hands , face and and wearing paper jacket blue hat blue 
top in of cap orange an . pointy man a rock a standing on 
a shirt , brown area hat rock near pants wooded a in man . on orange and white a stands 
top man the standing rock is a . on a of 
wearing man <unk> on rock trees pants an a and orange . brown by a some stands cap green 
white stands <unk> boots pants rock , a , and shirt orange , cap . wearing an man a on hiking 
a harness brown ball a in chasing red dog a red . 
harness . a ball a red after a dog with chasing brown is 
a dog red ball a chasing in . a harness 
in dog ball wearing with a red playing harness is a area . a grassy 
red ball chasing pitbull dog a . a 
, walks shallow . , ocean in park water across reflective background boy area in 
. walking puddle of through water large man 
near and people outside sit . walk the water 
of across walking person . a a water in park puddle large 
the cement on <unk> water . thin <unk> of are by a trees 
snowy on a . skier a lone the jumping mountain of side 
<unk> a jumps a skier . over 
a skier flip while doing a . jumping 
a the flip . skier does 
the a over snow high in mountains does . skier the flip 
in black carries . dog a its a mouth bucket 
flower . carrying pot a hanging a black dog 
a to biting bucket next dog pine tree a on 
carrying a in basket backyard dog furry black . in a its mouth a 
carrying trees a green walking while something its by mouth dog is in furry . 
smiling top background girl the a is with silver in a wearing a black . truck 
of truck in silver smiles a front woman . dress a in a black 
of black woman a in car front a a shirt smiling 
of wearing a stands front in <unk> black a woman . truck 
. a smiling truck front in of girl white 
bubbles children outdoors of with are . playing group a 
bubbles a catch children building large play of outside to . trying 
a of building kids a for outside bubble group reaching 
the front a building bubble with playing in kids of the are . 
a in , in looking building air are several the background . the with children yellow 
on in snow a gear ski child standing is . little while full the 
girl pink little . a in skiing is 
child in skis small and snowsuit . a a 
skis wears hill a . child ski on a small 
snowy on a skiing a . girl snowsuit mountain wearing a grey young 
hat a . ropes girl a in woods hangs from the in 
. a is yellow in girl ropes hanging a hat on sun 
<unk> red . hat girl and in balances a a on little pants 
on a a striped shorts bridge and shirt hat in a girl , red walking rope , . little 
a on girl outside young balances a ladder rope . 
girl bandanna an wearing a and man a passing ambulance . is 
street on . drives an the ambulance 
drives down on street two the ambulance people a . look red as 
an in two at . the people seattle in ambulance street looking 
ambulance people stand . before two an 
a and shirt jumps boy tie in . off a a staircase 
off wearing , jumps , a tie steps child . a 
a young a in is jumping tie clothes and the boy . air in dress 
from flowers and down yellow white , dress in tie . jumping <unk> black boy near , steps sneakers shirt 
, the young pants is jumping nice steps a with off , a the tie and belt boy 
laying striped on a a grassy a couch is yard woman on a in residential . neighborhood 
lays woman a sofa in on a yard a . 
down sitting lies woman on an a couch grass old on the . 
on suburban . on poses girl couch lawn 
it is a jeans girl in a with sitting there light brown on hair grass and . couch on 
in on are and dog a water . a man canoe the a 
dog paddles a canoe man . a by a <unk> 
kayak man with dog large in 
canoe man green . , boat with water paddling on in dog 
wooden a holds paddle with dog canoe in the . a his man 
pink surfboard pink child a a a hat . on in 
and paddle through a in water black pink man . girl in 
pink a a . shirt to on a next surfboard in black man a swims girl 
board body pink man a a girl swimming on a . beside 
is , cap through children a one wearing pink the two swim . water splash 
officer beside his with posing officers motorcycle police a two . army 
police and there . policemen motorcycle three a are 
three a to officers next police . motorcycle police 
three a . pose police motorcycle officers with 
two <unk> men red cop motorcycle pose with . a in 
city bus background with men a vehicles the in and walking . <unk> two on yellow street 
street crossing busy in city a the men some 
background . in three street men the , trucks with a crossing 
street of yellow men . in a front truck the cross three 
front three yellow walking and trucks city men bus . on a in street a <unk> two of 
an ball brown . on dog a chews orange 
orange a . bites ball dog a big 
ball dog a . an its orange mouth in has 
ball a a playing dog . with 
in orange . its mouth the has brown dog ball an 
candy man shirt a in for shopping red a 
candy . a a homemade wearing helmet at person of <unk> a display looking storm 
a in is space a wearing candy man at young helmet a large market looking . 
candy on gear shops . head man for storm <unk> with 
front standing candy of in . colorful person of display 
. <unk> while a a finger she looks girls on sits bug 
uniform a her in screams . finger a with girl school a on bug 
and finger her on girl a bug <unk> looks looks a at . 
young insect looks she her a a as face makes girl finger at on . an 
has with glasses the on . on girl right her <unk> a bug finger 
day on fisherman the on . a beach a gray stands 
tackle box from pole in a the fishing ocean man walking a holding . and 
a in carrying a man the yellow a beach is . cap on pole fishing 
beach a standing a with pole a . man on fishing 
person clothed ocean pole the in fishing is hand in . holding one in tackle a <unk> standing a and other a box the 
in girls two . skirts a smiling park in 
. playing two girls 
with people behind playing . them and flowers two girls 
looking garden <unk> camera flower towards in front the a of running garden 4 two and . adults young at girls flower 
are skirts . wearing girls two in playing young garden a 
. a dog water through the splashes black 
through and dog shallow water running tan a is . brown 
a beside in the ocean . is beach the dog running 
through a . dog running water 
running . splashes across dog water 
a a riding woman who along next child path walking dog . a is unicycle <unk> a is a to 
a unicycle . and a woman a on boy 
a with hand woman of a the and the child leash in a holds other hand in unicycle a a one dog riding . 
red a holding a on unicycle in helmet hand a a child . woman the of 
is the holding the on dog the child of hand walking the woman . unicycle the 
. waterfall in dog black front of a a 
standing of in . front is a a waterfall dog black 
dog black a . around near waterfall plays a 
dog black the river . through <unk> 
walking large dog in black water . is the the 
purple the . is violin a playing mohawk blonde a long with boy 
violin a with blue the plays . mohawk boy a 
. spiky , violin with boy plays mohawk a a purple 
blue with a kid a violin is a playing mohawk 
the playing young violin . with boy a a purple mohawk 
up holding a a is by . bearded cardboard man shopping a sign standing cart 
holding . a , shopping guy sign a with cart a 
on cardboard homeless a man holding sign a written 
man a <unk> money . holds a sign 
homeless for sign begging using . man money <unk> 
doing beach a on blond girl a handstand a 
edge does . a at the a beach child a handstand of 
handstand girl a . on in shore does the jeans the ocean of a 
beach . handstand does the a a woman on 
. on doing the is jeans beach a woman a handstand wearing 
is inside . boy <unk> with a shirt a in wooden ceiling structure black a 
playing dark is theater a stage in a near the boy . 
a a black shirt <unk> near . a in male large <unk> 
boy an in the . in others with young a empty hall two background 
. black shirt man wearing a looks down a young 
back a . swimming flip pool a doing boy into a 
headfirst falling into a a boy pool 
swimming boy jumping pool wearing a trunks a into and . headfirst swim red blue 
brown-haired . trunks pool flipped is a backwards swim a swimming boy in over 
pool boy into young a a jumping . upside-down 
little splashing a in boy is water . kiddie the pool around in a 
shirt blue . outside small a in in a a boy pool baby splashes water 
pool shirt blue the a small . kiddie boy wearing a in plays 
a pool small a in boy water with young paying 
young splashes a a child and yellow green wading in pool 
a pink a in plays hula . with dress hoop a girl 
pink swings a a wearing around neck . girl her hoop a hula dress 
with hoops outside . dress girl in a little pick neck a hula her 
blond paying . with hula a hoop girl 
with . around <unk> her neck blond girl striped blue dress haired pink swinging in 
a while laughs kiddie . sits girl a pool in and 
metal a girl water . filled a little tub in with 
little with girl a is tub metal sitting a in . water filled 
a small girl tub of water a . in 
young a swimsuit is water a in wearing tub girl . of a smiling soaking 
skinny a a in by on bike with lot . background people of the girl rides a 
woman car t-shirt in thin <unk> green a by a grey . young a 
a a . a bicycle and a of group people riding on car sidewalk past a woman 
. past riding of a a woman young a a bike crowd people street down 
on people street all . a busy <unk> of 
on girl and a boy building of jumping are front a a little . in yellow trampoline 
. the above boy a in air , trampoline children and a two girl , a 
on trampoline jumping children a two . 
. jump on two trampoline a children 
young a two children on bounce trampoline . short 
tube a on four lay children . 
raft girls floating several waters . on in rough a 
the are four the water a riding . kids raft on 
a water . in boat kids ride the the 
a by onto the are . one being girls as pulled water they through holding raft a are boy three road and 
stick a man jump . watch holds and dogs while three a 
a of for throws field a . group grassy man three dogs a stick brown in a 
the dogs grass is three surrounded the man blue by the in shirt in . 
jumping up waving three . a the at dogs stick man are 
owner from stick their get three dogs trying a to . 
as dressed pirates are two children . 
dressed pirates children as two 
down children hats on with pirate kneeling two 
. wearing boys pirate the are costumes in kneeling bushes young two 
two pirate wearing hats down boys crouching are young . 
brown a a dog close and black dog together . 
path on dog a a dog . dirt a brown black and 
dog and fighting mostly are . black brown playing or one either one 
two dogs playing are outside . together 
, to two . on dogs , face face a dirt road 
pile colorful . is a balls girl a playing of 
ball pit a a in plays . girl little 
a girl plays . in pit a little colorful balls of 
small pit in a playing a girl ball is 
shorts a plastic a rolling white pink around young shirt multicolored girl in balls and some with 
is sheet blue to dog in . nose from a knees covered a 
laying a dog eyes a blanket over with his blue . 
blue also a with covered dog on bed sheet a sheet lays blue a . partially while with a 
under a . a dog sheet 
on sleeping . sheet the blue covered top the bed the is dog of by 
on a a next sits rock folding pole a to a deck man . fishing and chair 
edge by at ocean man 's the rocks sits on a an empty chair . 
. a a sits poles man with near water fishing of body 
with near fishing man empty and . camping sits water pole chair 
on in with a man him sitting front the shirt a the pole is rock of white . in 
that of offers <unk> a giant sign up <unk> a holding a good <unk> ticket man for a 's red . the 
a a holds ticket a a to <unk> <unk> man . sign for football offering 
a a offering a ticket <unk> . a holds for to man <unk> sign <unk> 
. grey in for man backpack ticket <unk> a is shirt <unk> a a offering and 
<unk> a fan <unk> . <unk> <unk> giant tries to <unk> 
, skateboarders wearing performs an a . for helmet girl arena tricks skateboarding while in a 
a wears a a is man helmet skateboard and . black black on 
. shirtless skateboarder a 
skateboarder grey . board a wearing concrete is a his a along helmet curve riding 
skateboarder . top ramp top view of the from of a at a a the 
hugs . sign " a a " in wears free saying a bikini girl 
is in a wearing bikini a sign around neck blue a her cardboard girl . 
swimsuit a a free give top wears wearing girl . to a hugs sign 
girl free a sign . " says " that a wears hugs 
blue " " in free bikini wearing . hugs sign a woman 
large a . woman dances 
, and tube her behind dancing jeans <unk> a outdoors woman a guitarist a in . top with 
to guitar . a music dances halter woman in red i 
is large around <unk> dancer the her . hair 
. flips , she outdoors in as hair dances band woman her background 
swimming swimming pool in boy in . trunks is a a splashing 
boy . jumps the into pool a 
boy to out catch arms in his a with splashes something . a pool 
a in boy jumping to a . catch pool something young 
boy . reaches in up while pool 
a is blue a green with , a jumping and in hand in his . . red into pool ball boy trunks 
. is ball water a with hand the in his boy jumping a into 
while ball a pool into . a a holding jumps boy 
swim trunks in the pool jumps boy floral into 
blue green boy into and ball holding in pool jumps flowered . red trunks 
park blonde in poses a . a <unk> at for girl picture seattle 
is blue sitting girl skyline seattle a a front in the . jacket in of 
woman city . looking at view of a a 
<unk> space at blonde looks lady 
. woman scene overlooking seattle blond <unk> space 
a black and a golden approaching one another dog dog 
each a other a towards beach run on dog and dog . tan black 
. beach a black <unk> on approaching is dog a golden dog 
two dogs playing a rocky . beach on 
on dogs sand two . running the 
truck a man a . red large in 
is the a . in window red <unk> out staring a truck man 
red a and a a a looks man shirt blue <unk> called <unk> <unk> for in truck . 
the truck truck window driver of a of is . looking purple his out 
for truck <unk> pauses a the . driver photo 
a a jacket stop in woman is a at sign a smiling front in person carrying crane . hi-viz of 
worker in of road in workers sign stop standing a front another holding a the 
to sign . <unk> traffic holding stop person 
of front signs holding interact large . construction a in street truck two workers on a 
on construction a <unk> chatting two site . 
. races a an course dog brown on obstacle 
jumping over a hurdles . dog 
dog the . over a leaps bar 
horizontal is a jumping over long-haired dog poles . 
an white on over a and dog yellow . fence course is jumping the obstacle 
orange , the the boys , in other two in teal in sand . the one wrestle 
the are at in two playing boys sand . a playground 
a the sand . in park two tussle boys at 
in together the two wrestle . sand boys 
pit in two a wrestling are sand boys . young 
river man a . large fishes in fly a 
man water pole and fishing stands a holds of the . a on the edge 
tan man is hat and with . a a green waters fishing in jacket 
the fisherman into his cast out with lone line one . river 
fishing 's man water edge . the the is at 
. little blonde pink a stands on a skateboard girl 
a girl to young a . ride blonde tries skateboard 
black pink girl skateboard on wearing jacket 
girl little . skateboard in pink 
girl . a is skateboard on young the standing 
dog spout from big . water a drinks water tan an outdoor 
a closeup pipe a drinking . a from of white dog 
collar a brown a dog white . from in <unk> drinking a 
a water . a attached white is <unk> to a drinking puppy from white wall 
dog from is drinking fountain . the water a 
running the dog in away grass is a 
running dog on . grass a 
. running a grass the through dog 
across the grass a runs dog . 
the grass . a dog runs through 
<unk> orange . boy in an is on riding the ocean a 
a ocean laying <unk> the head child man is with background on . 's the a a in in 
the an boogie a looks the . orange from adult waves in board rides on while child an water 
in with the lone an <unk> background man older a 
are swimming floating in people and the ocean . 
holding the water boys the in onto three . device are <unk> a all 
an inflatable <unk> the . water three boys grab in onto 
three an on <unk> in water boys 
little three a . in boys a on river float 
a in are . people body of three water 
yellow . seen in a <unk> is a above climber <unk> from 
a person . to yellow rock a helmet climb wearing attempts a 
a hard <unk> to woman as a a she climbs works face rock . <unk> 
to man . face cliff <unk> climb 
rock yellow steep in rock is the up <unk> the the hardhat climbing . 
ball . into about small jump to get to a dog a <unk> black a 
a water ready jump . black into to the gets dog 
is black . a dock off a fetch the dog to preparing a water into ball jump to 
black to a the after dock a on water dive into a about dog ball 
water to . a a in ball fetch dog the off the leans dock 
, . is black coming leash of out the dog blue , a big furry water and on a is 
a dog is in a walking . a black blue stream on leash 
a in on walking black leash a water dog 
black . the wet dog from emerges a water 
the out walking and water dog of is is leash on a the . 
on a a bed jumps boy . 
kid material covered . on a jumping with soft is a structure 
boy on white wearing a the . little bed jumps 
sports set shorts on a a a white jumping toddler bed in 
bed white in child on jumping 
wearing <unk> on day with clouds woman . is a a sunglasses smiling 
shirt down ground dressed in and matching the a pants a woman at <unk> looks . 
stands down woman . wearing uniform a and a blue looks 
. the day clear smiles on lady a 
under and in sky woman is all standing . a the dressed blue blue 
off boy into a a a dock lake kicks jump . 
a of lake jumping little dock . a off boy a into 
boy leaping the a pier leg <unk> water a is his out , young into off . 
boy jumps young dock wooden a . and of off the into water a 
is a lake pier . off the trunks boy swimming into wearing a jumping 
a raft group women a river . of four along 
small <unk> of a group girls boat with yellow blue and a red in 
jackets on float in raft . a people life four 
in boat yellow blue in vests four a paddles . inflatable orange with people 
. rafting the kids river down 
on animal the is in water a standing man an . 
water a lying . on elephant standing an in man some is 
on <unk> with . man standing a next rock a in a a river him to 
water . elephant man stands the on an in a top of 
submerged a . of a stands on top man elephant 
in yellow . several boy <unk> camouflage jacket on display ducks a 
yellow at boy little display a rubber in jacket , . looks many a ducks of a , camouflage 
rubber a display at boy . looks young of ducks a 
young a boy market wearing picking in up . gear a rubber <unk> is army a 
display a rubber ducks small boy looking . yellow at of 
. a a walking couple on road dirt 
atop women a . walk and hill man a 
light sky two with people backlit . 
sunset at people walk . two 
path on sun a people casts two camera as walk a the the . towards shadow 
looking . male at the far <unk> hills a away 
man over a a of a silhouette . mountaintop 
a valley overlooking man a large silhouette of . a 
of landscape silhouette front of man mountain in 
man the visible is . is in mountain silhouette while landscape the 
bike on rider sitting his the on a bike . sidewalk 
street <unk> a down a a man rides bicycle 
hat a black and a in a city sidewalk sits dressed , sunglasses man vest bike on . black fancy , on a 
down is the man riding bicycle . a sidewalk his 
sidewalk <unk> . man rides on in bike outfit city unusual 
. woman carrying outside standing bags a is large shop of a 
are older in man an a a woman side with hand . off purple her while in and past woman , to bag walking the white 
wearing woman white down a the a a walking carrying purple . outfit sidewalk bag 
shops near . on standing a sidewalk people 
and of . a baby carriage three people store front a in 
brown no brown . a dog dog hair furry a is biting 
. its of hairy a that <unk> is dog the teeth ear brown another dog <unk> 
cheek dog of a short-haired the . shaggy bites dog a 
each snow biting . are two the other in dogs 
the in fighting dogs two are . snow 
about parlor a banner . a <unk> 
<unk> . a a in on advertising <unk> a street billboard 
parlor a in man by . dark walks a <unk> haired the white sign a storefront for under 
under sign <unk> advertising a <unk> parlor to . a a building man <unk> walks a 
a white banner wearing with man the over . <unk> a door advertising walks building <unk> an 
horseback dirt group . riders travel a of path down a 
trail horses on riding wooded . of are people a a group 
woods through of group travel . riders the horse 
riders horseback down a . wooded <unk> path 
trail people several a riding . wooded are horses on 
what in <unk> shirt a like white a a boy looks black in and jeans 
jeans white shirt and in a . child a 
<unk> an little a in jeans boy shirt a and in white stands 
. stands van a boy of in doorway little a the 
holding of a a . in small a vehicle and piece white in jeans paper boy a shirt black 
a . emerging from dog red a is tunnel black 
of border tunnel . out red a collie obstacle running a is 
tunnel out a peeks red dog a of . play 
grass on red . in tunnel folding dog 
white the through black . the parachute dog tunnel the on sprints grassy and field red 
in a mud little puddle girl a . blonde splashing 
joy area little in in girl <unk> , big a mud of playing a ! <unk> 
girl mud is with hair and a in . blonde playing a puddle splashing little 
plays little a a naked puddle in . girl mud 
naked little splashing girl a puddle a in mud 
a bikini relaxing a looking jeans who brown man a a bench shirtless is . at with on in top woman a and and dog white 
on dog next a girl <unk> with . a him to a man shirtless talking to shirtless bench a 
the her a . is a shirt to is on top talking in no woman bikini with man a bench and 
on while a is sitting a man woman a to shirtless talking . bench 
on is skateboard sitting a woman on a which . speaking man a top bench is with and with of a hat shirtless a 
striped blue boy down in little dark slide light a . going a a and shirt 
down a sliding blue . little boy is slide teal a and 
a a riding water is small slide boy 
goes slide is himself balance the out arm he to while boy small down . holding fairground 
in slide . coming striped shirt boy down blue small large 
a in ball . and plays the white with dirt brown dog a 
after . brown ball a dog is a chasing soccer 
brown he ball at a jumps a . dog looks soccer as 
ball the towards the dog runs . 
brown white . dog soccer is a this chasing and ball 
with is tennis brown beside ball it white a and beach . standing on a dog a 
dog the on beach is near . ball a a 
dog the beach a . on 
is dog a ball next the standing brown the . on to beach 
the dog the sand . in the stands near ocean 
<unk> children two fish a a under about lay of to , sculpture them . 
of a <unk> children two horse the sculpture . beneath <unk> <unk> 
a on pipe two . under on children ground the their <unk> lay 
children play metal two a . statue beneath 
from two sculpture a . below make young girls faces 
of outside group umbrella . their people under a <unk> older are sitting 
under group a . people blue a around a are sunshade of table sitting 
on with a an of sit potted outdoor group of . patio people lots plants 
a group chairs in having of . conversation circle people a sitting in a 
people a patio sitting are around table a . several on 
a drinks sits a small cup picnic . boy of a young table out at and 
, at . drinking of bowls food boy table backyard of full 
a child at table . sitting backyard picnic 
of picnic out glass a boy at . drinking little a is 
glass a with sitting from on the at drinks table plastic boy . a while it food 
holding . ocean through the oar an a boy walk 
walking . paddle carrying is beach through whilst water the on a boy a a 
paddle his boy he hand through is ocean the in on beach walks . a as with a the water 
surf out a of with beach walks onto the a boy . and an oar 
the boy out walks into a paddle with little . sand a 
posing a to a a big with next statue girl . big nose 
of carving a large front woman . picture a her having taken in 
pictures <unk> woman with statue a of a for a poses . 
woman statue of a in a another . a poses woman photograph front while , her man and 
front pictures shirt . statue posing woman black of in for in 
is to woman in the football throwing brown yellow in . the the woman 
girls playing a lawn on two catch 
<unk> . throw backyard their a and ball back two in girls 
girls a in throwing their . two football backyard 
two catch women play in . yard a 
water . big a black in jumping of body and a dog white 
dog . is a into jumping pond brown a 
brown grassy dog the tree-lined and in over . yard leaps a water a 
brown pond a into . large dog a is jumping 
. pond jumps a dog large brown into the 
past is girl green pink hat a a wheelbarrow . a in running 
of a runs in . a wheelbarrow girl front 
. with building little wheelbarrow by surrounded a hat and a the a wood background playing in a , girl wearing 
hat a garden girl wearing . little near is running pink some tools a 
in painted a girl face with runs a . a backyard young 
and a with <unk> man hats a woman close-up on wearing of them 
<unk> black wearing and around caps a guy girl baseball scarves and a . their 
wearing who leans tattoo a a woman has man a hat a to . over 
a pierced girls next a cap and with and a the man cap lip black standing with is beard a to . 
against sit side people by . a tree up side two 
green a away . woman jeans shirt walks wearing and blonde a blue 
blue bag girl brown a in is carrying a hoodie a 
whilst sweater woman . bag a carrying walks green blue a brown plastic in and patterned a away jeans 
a wearing woman and , shirt jeans green a walking 
<unk> shopping store and girl <unk> the something the it . like looks from <unk> 
man on a is leash walking street down a a the dog 
his man a dog a in walking crosswalk . 
a walks in dog man street the . his 
on the man outfit in crosswalk denim black tan . a walks dog and a the 
man dog young walking 
a playing with heart a a dog a . it with on collar brown bigger with dog pink 
little big to bite trying dog dog 
have both the dog the smaller larger dog their open . mouths and 
two dogs fighting each brown other . 
playing . the collars grass another in are both , dogs with one two , wearing 
with a red hits helmet bat a a a in ball boy . 
. hits a child baseball a 
with batting boy helmet . a a on red little 
hits a a his baseball watches family boy little while 
boy field batting bat at black and ball ball . on shirt swinging with helmet red 
amidst a been has bushes and trees campsite the <unk> . 
a campsite tents picnic tables . and with 
in near tents some trees people of . camp a group 
at woman a . <unk> a 
. people a group in camping are 
red girl a a in seat a are a and . boy riding on ride fairground 
. enjoy a fast boy girl a a ride and amusement 
at . an amusement young and on boy park a a ride girl 
seat . a children on and ride fair ride a red two in smile 
car <unk> two one kids of a side . to the fair and on are ride are 
white dogs and brown a over frisbee two fighting 
fighting two a frisbee over dogs 
frisbee two over . red outside dogs fighting a 
on with the . dogs a play two lawn frisbee 
frisbee <unk> try . dogs from red the to other the two get 
a <unk> is wearing black blue holding person , a blue jacket and . a jacket newspaper up 
woman . a a holding newspaper 
" a that holds . real change a says " newspaper woman 
real that change ear with says " on cover paper a . the woman holds " a <unk> 
a in change woman <unk> real . " reading holding up " a newspaper 
a lady black red clothing her in in a holds . sling baby 
a holds baby in . blanket black orange in a an woman 
in . is carrying standing baby in woman urban a baby on <unk> black an an a sidewalk orange 
standing in a in . a street woman the baby a is sling with 
. sidewalk a carrier the in baby an holding woman a orange wearing on standing black is 
attire in a wait of group . similar people 
side with along asian others wearing well hats an girl several as red a hat red 
shopping head wearing of black small . scarves and a shirts asian group women red are 
red japanese five ladies <unk> wear 
on several their wearing asian red women heads <unk> . 
, fenced black area a bull dog brown chasing in . muddy a after and a 
a an behind dog from bull him . <unk> runs 
muddy chases . pen a through a bull dog a 
large chases a in dog fenced a . animal area small black a 
bull the barks the dog pen . <unk> in at the 
with in a her . large hair a redheaded girl headband curly 
curly with , , green a red and girl eyes hair a . long 
a off-camera woman . red-haired looks 
looks past haired red the cameraman a . woman 
redheaded into woman . off is the staring the distance 
the skirt down black boots a in and street a black haired and woman walking red a carrying is white . bag 
carrying red and on short . in , a a black a bag <unk> , sidewalk jacket boots the skirt a girl white 
back down her the dressed sidewalk a walks turned with up woman . 
a with skirt red the bag down in woman a sidewalk and walking boots . a 
red with a woman away a bag , boots and short skirt walks . white black a , 
crowd people <unk> . costumes a animal in 
a . are in costumes are and animal walking down street two people dressed 
as near a dressed . crowd people two animals 
people two outside animal in . costume building of dressed a 
. in square two animal people in suits a 
a his arms while black field behind waves . on a people him are other in boy 
is sign making boy hands the with victory both a 
behind his others while a is standing . on are arms him standing raised boy a grassy field with 
a background field onlookers stand young the as grassy poses in . in a boy 
. in field standing are people a 
walking woman skirts wearing the two together down street 
two walking across . women skirts street a in 
two skirts . <unk> across women a walk lot parking 
, carrying women and wearing cross area purses . street in two , urban skirts 
location urban purses with an walk women two . in 
and fighting . brown black a a dog are 
the dog the fireplace dog wrestling of are front in brown . and black 
dog the wrestling . to appear be the and brown black dog 
two in of a front fireplace dogs wrestling 
dog wrestling . two 
<unk> dog blue a running a . black and down ramp orange 
a black an run ramp red blue down . and a on dog course has just obstacle 
person doing a and course an dog agility . 
dog runs a dog a . ramp 
a a its . trainer down ramp runs dog past 
playground at on playing adult monkey an . the a <unk> with bars child a 
on . bars the a hangs girl 
monkey down upside a the on at . kid playground bars a hangs 
upside young a hanging the playground at children 
blue down hanging upside girl bars monkey on 
and brown a sheltie over . white rail a leaping 
a an obstacle course is through running collie 
. hurdle is on grass the a that over training jumping collie 
a jump hurdle collie yellow over a . making 
the leaping dog . over is a hurdle 
in with girl a playing is a . little a soccer ball pink hat 
a the grass playing ball with . is young a soccer in girl 
pink hat girl ball little . with with soccer a playing 
pink bending up . little to pick the soccer a girl ball hat down wearing a is 
a soccer grassy in a playing with . ball young area child 
little field in a a girl running 
green . big on the walking girl a in of stone front little a grass 
old near a in small a an . structure grassy is field child 
running a large with grass in <unk> child along a background the small the 
on monument walks a stone grass . young the from child a away 
inflatable slide giant . children a are two on 
slide large . going holding a down two inflatable hands children 
slide the down slide . two <unk> girls 
inflatable slide down slide . kids a giant two 
two . girls slide an slide inflated little down 
water . girl drinking a a from fountain 
. from a girl drinking a drinking is fountain 
girl <unk> fountain water . takes a from a the 
shirt . a a a with takes from woman water a fountain drink green 
the water from is . fountain a drink taking girl a 
in man holding child playground is things three a on fire . of front 's a 
fire man in with three a in sticks his park is a . hand 
on man . holding fire a playground a sticks near three 
man <unk> holding fire . of 
a near while three holds man sticks standing burning playground . 
a . light <unk> in day a with fire playing man the is 
a . fire man juggling 
man stands a . a playground near 
throws . flames man outside 
a holding front a . stick the in black guy playground of is 
midair . splits a in doing girl the 
in girl splits a trees . the front some of the is in air doing 
a front while jumping . in feet of trees woman her grabbing 
a of a tree trick young . front midair girl doing in in a 
girl grabs plants feet her jumping in , background . 
water man . a helmet in a treads 
man the a , floating water . helmet in wearing a 
water man white . a wearing a is the helmet in 
lands climber water mountain <unk> . in the 
the <unk> water during <unk> his <unk> . 
with red kid in ball get to . white to falls a as in he soccer a struggles a kid 
a in soccer ball the game children chasing . 
and boys soccer little a . ball running chasing 
the falling his eyes suit shirt with boy has . white the the down the the red in soccer while is boy ball on 
white the playing in soccer one and , of teams . children are red in two , other 
boy young monkey and the play on . a man bars 
a can the bars young . cross monkey playground he boy the a holding man so at 
up a holds play orange in on man child shorts . a equipment 
man child to playground at up a reach the a lifts bars . a 
playground as a he a boy at . man plays <unk> a 
soccer a plays ball with a dog 
a that with a ball it . to dog is tries to tossed play 
plays a a collar outside . dog ball blue with 
grass a his grey on head a soccer a field . dog ball bouncing is in 
the catch . ball in , large a the , leaps belly to air dog all 
is blue making inside . paddling a a pool a toddler splash 
a young blue pool splashing kiddie wearing a is shorts . is boy blue 
pool in blue blue child in trunks splashing kiddie 
in out , pool splashes kiddie sticks water child . tongue 
splashing child water is the pool blue in . small a 
with big a . baby dog a sits sleeping 
toddler climbs big on dog a . boy white sleeping a 
very a petting large sleeping a is boy little dog . 
. a beige dog little next sitting colored a to is child 
boy young with tan a . sleeping a dog plays 
holds its the playing an hand adult and <unk> a little water adult boy while while an in his 
. holds in a the hands child the man of a water standing 
adult holds his arms water while plays in a toddler an . 
in man boy his hands . while holds fountain plays 
red the in in <unk> the puddle young . boy 
shirt in gray front man black and of a poses in . shorts a mountain a 
in snow-covered of a a standing man mountain in a . grey t-shirt front 
poses . man a a mountain near 
shorts . a front in man black is mountain standing of wearing covered a snow 
of mountain wearing a stands snowy man glasses in front . a 
down a a girl sliding pole 
and . pole with near pink a climbs small a equipment playground a wooden dressed a on shorts in child shirt jean and brown ponytail 
a on a outdoor is young playground down . sliding equipment asian girl pole 
. a structure slides play down a a in bar young girl 
black down young girl . a sliding pole a 
a girl blows . a whistle 
a girl dress a whistle . in blows flowers little yellow red a with 
a little dress girl the blows with yellow whistle a . 
girl small a whistle a . blows 
right a . young hand her sundress in in yellow her girl to holds flowered a mouth something 
bearded long clothes is a sitting on man a . bench in white 
. a man on sitting dressed in white a bench 
on outfit a in white a a bench man 
a on wearing sits wall white a bench white a man against wooden . 
. eastern an in man his white bench robe with a on shoes off a is sitting wooden middle 
in an light girl in another bright girl . by pink shirt a observed a is shirt pink <unk> 
pink a in on two sign the children a of bear store on window the front . with in and shirts 
of two . outside are girls standing <unk> 
. <unk> <unk> front the girls bear two a in of little 
two in play . young girls together mall a 
in on a hiker rock mountains high male the a perched . sits 
on is up the high a a mountains . rock man sitting in 
on a is covered top mountaintop a man . snow sitting of 
a on near mountains a rock man sits . 
is the a rocks top background some on jagged with sunglasses of wearing in mountains man sitting . 
the of man view top a mountain enjoying a from 
the a a of side sitting man in shirt . backpack mountain wearing blue a on a 
a rocky a cliff on mountains the in overlooking man . , grey 
over looks mountain . out cliff sits a another man and a on 
a a mountains shirt snowy grey the <unk> one backpack man wearing in and with 
a firetruck bridge are a his man running where <unk> makes . , at a and and stops dogs a 
with road of on . the firetruck ladder extended the side a 
. dog a a truck a approaches jogger with ladder 
on ladder with a dog a firetruck a with a extended road jogger running towards 
is firetruck on and a . a man a nearby sidewalk walks 
sidewalk man the park a on a stretches bench in man a a blue woman on . while and jog 
water jogging by the couple an older 
ladies near . a the path jogging on two waterfront 
jogging lake <unk> are mountains . wearing the people in two on sidewalk front in of a blue a with 
bench of in down . lake person in on person two front a front a jogging of women with a a sidewalk another leaning 
an through a jacket a <unk> play in tunnel orange boy 
boy a tube a through . slides 
smiling slide tube child slides a a <unk> down 
is a in a wearing red young boy . playing long coat a tunnel 
. had , smiling toward camera boy tube in <unk> 
boy a in a ball living his kicks room . 
ball . a a room kicks boy a in blue 
child kicks into the . air ball a a 
toys by standing one a . foot and surrounded on child 
a is . carpet the ball blue on a boy surrounded kicking by toys little 
. run unseen an field at dogs two frisbee looking in a 
of dogs . black a field in grass two white flowers and and 
while a and field look the . white grassy two black dogs toward something running in air in 
flowery running two white field a dogs and in black 
an in two brush low field change dogs surrounded uncut direction by . 
shirts are green . and in orange jumping pants girls twin 
shirts jumping . on a in orange <unk> trampoline 
girls . shirts two orange with 
two dressed jump young outside children . <unk> 
and . in jump orange green air two in matching young outfits girls the twin 
watches in a . a red a with shirt park a girl in plays while pink skirt little telescope a boy 
girl with a telescope a a park little in while little plays boy . a watches 
view an while little far away telescope boy . to object little uses a and watches a a stands girl nearby 
boy watches a as gun a young uses girl water a young 
pink boy the telescope . a with shirt girl in in plays watches the as dress a red a 
shorts to on holding in . kid chubby <unk> a or is <unk> 
boy is a some <unk> small holding . 
boy young a with white and . shorts no shirt 
holding <unk> . in boy a shorts 
boy white . the wearing is shorts little 
carrying bottle in band a of a is of <unk> while dancing girl a water front 
her with the playing woman to . a dancing band a behind water of bottle 
in a band front halter a . woman top wearing a of dancing 
a <unk> with bottle holding guitar top music a a dancing woman to and is . water 
a , bottle woman . with a young water a near guitarist 
front the of a group a couple among . in are dancing people 
a . with embracing of others near a crowd hair bright couple 
of are is in gathered outfits a while wearing couple fountains group an of people front embrace . in leather a 
with on young <unk> park a a . in a adults group fountain are a day hot of 
black event in crowded embrace . outdoor women two at 
american wears red on bandanna <unk> with a it flag leather a and a man an bearded jacket over . a 
with . a a leather the at is dressed black camera smiling bandanna in red man 
a jacket wearing man . leather a 
headband a red a leather . standing and a wearing outside outfit man 
vest , smiles leather a and , with red man headband . a beard 
waiting a lady . 
asian <unk> an woman . bag her stands with 
a a woman away the . woman camera and fence to a next another , standing by wall from looking and 
leaning a bag a . woman a on with stands on street wall man near a a 
women a sidewalk . wait on 
children <unk> a . are trampoline building jumping a and up inside down beside 
. are a on children trampoline four playing 
kids jumping are a trampoline . four on 
outdoors . playing are children on trampoline these a 
young on . girls outdoor jump an trampoline 
on shirt green . a a playing swing is girl a in 
the swing on in . park a girl a 
plays swing . the a on girl 
in the a set sings swing leaves on the tree of behind the , the girl park . 
swing a girl little on . a 
eyes man with is a blond blue big smiling 
teeth man a scarf . his green bearing in a is 
the a using and eyes funny wide making camera face smile towards a . large man a 
. with man grins red a hair 
a the big blue at his camera . and strawberry haired smile guy <unk> eyes 
sit . the women outside steps and on drinking reading the 
a . steps two on doorway sit the girls by 
in in a period sitting . two women dress doorway 
drinking , european the a , stoop reading two women sit traditional other in one . on dress 
beverage women garb reading with sitting on door in long dresses . front white of a two a and drinking head and steps 
rock a repels rocky climber off . a wall 
woman rock a climbing cliff a . 
woman climbing jeans in rock . a 
rock and red onto is around a . woman the holding has huge her string 
climbing . goes rock woman 
glacier to backpacker point his in stick a mountains at the a using hiking . 
points backpacker as mountains <unk> rocky he on a to stands a the . plain 
. towards is pointing a mountains the hiker 
front . <unk> picture of a and a mountains in poses for clouds hiker 
to green snowcapped pack using point man . mountains a with to pole a his 
of group ice people hiking . a through 
<unk> is in the visible . trail moon walking the on that sky four a under are blue 
. rocky snowy four terrain <unk> over , a people 
people a . hill on snowy 
sky a people on rocky . top , moon the with the of standing in hill several are snowy 
yellow in child dirt a is over packed walking . overalls 
. running a the child a shirt without dirt in 
trail fast runs overalls . a on boy in a dirt little 
small a overalls in child . running 
toddler the path is down orange . hand an running a in toy with his 
in sitting atop . a jacket a , child a red slide 
. a tan pants <unk> and on a slide a toddler in red 
pants . khaki a with in and at fence the a behind jacket red small top child of slide 
a the has on outside red coat as boy little he plays . 
little to top . pants holding tan the the in slide on red the handles at of , is boy the coat the of the slide and 
<unk> in with a the shirt a waiting cross . man is to traffic black street 
standing a man crosswalk a in 
waiting man stop road for crossing to traffic a at 
with street on an . heavy tries asian a to traffic <unk> man 
<unk> crossing pass for wet waits before to . road the man 
doing a a shirt jeans bike boy and wearing red . a is flip his on 
. bicycle a down upside flipping person a 
person bike a flips . a on 
a doing person . a a bicycle shirt red on in tricks 
down his upside a show person large . on field bicycle over is a 
cliffs a ladder climber a traverses rope between . 
a a crossing long a <unk> wearing bridge white <unk> chain woman 
man bridge pass a metal a a . mountain is on crossing 
two bridge woman mountains a step . walking across a ladder is between 
woman wire a rocky . canyon traverses a across bridge a 
street a down skirt woman white black jacket the walks and and a black . in 
black down the white woman and dark a in skirt jacket . and a street walks 
crossing road a woman and wearing . black a white 
bag with a her street a woman the in standing around 
in black sunglasses and in woman road standing 
. a group <unk> the at beach exercise 
group . a doing ocean in the <unk> of are people 
woman . seashore a on the group an exercise is leading 
people many in ocean <unk> the 
do the on the <unk> ladies beach water . 
covered stops mountain take a a climber a snow to climbing . drink while 
a a mountain holding man a on snow cup . 
standing up a . cup is snow suit while in a yellow man holding in a 
. a stops drink for climber mountain a 
. yellow mountaineer drinking a a cup <unk> in jacket from a is 
top view the a background of in man a the at with mountain a beautiful 
snowbank on . is a a sitting man 
man peak snowy on a . a 
. is person sky snowy a snow ridge a under a in red blue kneeling on gear 
in red in on peak a with mountain poses background mountains suit snowy climber the 
. the children in the pool play 
playing children outdoor an . swimming are two in pool 
in a two . children playing pool swimming 
in water two the <unk> an of children . pool play 
in the . two pool little girls playing 
is swing a hat in brown a on a park and boy wearing shoes . <unk> red that is have that a 
wearing closed with . a eyes , , boy hat a swing on a 
shoes . a a is with on <unk> swing boy playing red 
kid the on at plays little . the playground swing a 
swing a on young a . swings girl 
man jeans riding bicycle street black in and the a in bearded shirt a a . 
a a bus with white beard a rides a . to giant next man bicycle 
a rides man a bike <unk> city . next to a bus 
t-shirt . flowing bike man with riding beard white jeans a and in 
with white a bus bike man a near rides the a . beard 
in chasing a a is . a dog ball backyard 
a a in courtyard tennis ball a dog tile a for backyard with . runs 
a a backyard . <unk> runs dog in grey 
. running backyard the in dog a white 
pavement down line running in grey . courtyard <unk> dog toward 
a girl in a puddle jumping . 
. a jumps girl puddle in a small 
her playing bare . a with in girl puddle feet 
water puddle girl little in jumping 
<unk> on street in skirt young . a in jumping red water girl 
and ball boys a two 
are field a sports with playing a on soccer ball . two boys 
ball . field soccer a run on boys after two a 
two play children green . grass soccer on 
soccer field . a little playing boys on two 
players soccer group after down the ball a of young run the . field 
playing are . boys soccer 
other the by shirt moving the in pursued team soccer is the on . players the the checked ball player 
after play boys ball . goes two one teams soccer boy , the 
soccer teams . two boys playing of 
dressed blue rocky . a takes with backpack in green a photos man a sitting while surface on 
some a green a set up in man jacket has camera on a rocks . 
outcropping to . a rocky man is photograph a trying 
climbs rocks with a many backpack . over a man 
. man a with taking picture outdoor gear 
on in a a creek his . back and rocky tripod bridge backpack with of front a bearded man holding a 
a a that in before warm clothes man bridge river stands . dressed traverses a 
of near in a a bridge front rocky a wooden river man . standing 
the near man . river a outside walking rocky is 
there and a bridge with , by crosses water man moustache running a cap backpack a is that standing . 
directions people a has three street . walking different in city 
stands . man others a by while building a are nearby 
a background . men the in walk down <unk> street with 
the are brown buildings sky is blue and . the 
toward on a the the three men street out buildings up taken shot with . city and 
a sitting and a woman on a bench man 
on bench an resting . older couple a is 
and older an faces on . with man <unk> on their cement a bench woman sitting 
an older sitting woman . an looking unhappy down old man and 
bench sit man overweight faces on have woman as upset and . a an they 
jumping child swimming an inflatable a into pool . is 
pool girl inflatable plays an . in a 
pool small a plays girl in . a 
a little a girl up blow in pool . plays 
a kiddie jumps girl bathing pool in a small suit a . above 
tennis ball are . going and dog white a after black a a 
a and the there a ball up a in is a dog with jumping get dog green frisbee grass to . 
dog frisbee for dogs runs a jump the the background as a ball tennis with same two in 
a . jumping ball a frisbee two with third carrying a , for dogs 
it flies a . reach through as for two air frisbee yellow dogs the 
is a boy a path <unk> leading on . 
a across <unk> a field two and . man pack in a of front mountain walk 
a behind is . a man in field walking <unk> two 
travels a in with <unk> the man mountains two 
mountain follows person a along a trail two in a jacket blue . <unk> 
mountains on lone climber huge background a the several snowcapped with mountain a . in 
a range the a man looking in standing while hiking path is ahead at mountain . 
man at looks surrounding of on mountain a top him a the mountains . 
. with backpack a a mountain person on stands a snowy 
mountain stands peak atop left looking climber <unk> snowy 
jungle on of gym the rings a to hanging girl a . 
girl rings is hanging . metal from a 
wearing the hangs girl hoops pink . on a 
girl a in playground with for her eyes reaches . <unk> young rings 
set the rings . playing on swing with a is girl 
boy gives a to fish a a man . 
child . man a a fish to shows a 
a for . holds child white wearing a a life man up a vest small wearing hat a fish 
. young showing child man older fish to 
purple the fish a handing is the wearing man . caught boy the freshly hat to in cap the 
through brown an and . walking uncut pants in shirt a white a is child field 
. child green is white grass walking shirt wearing through a a the 
of field small . with through grass braids a tall green a boy runs 
field . young of child grass through a large a runs 
day grass walking sunny . a is on through tall the child 
appears hanging down to girl a be from a upside . gym jungle 
. with in house hanging a the upside-down a background girl 
at down on a girl park hangs . swing upside a set a 
down upside a green hangs <unk> <unk> in a . from shirt girl 
down green is . upside girl a hanging in a shirt 
a man him basketball a behind . wearing dribbles shorts red 
man . plays shirt basketball with a no 
move athlete in is an red during a shorts basketball frozen caught . 
a court man shirtless red . in basketball shorts a a on bouncing 
a man basketball . red in bouncing shorts 
field baseball a with walking baseball across gloves girls 
in and hair camouflage black on softball . a with ponytail up woman hand in a field walks glove on her a the one 
playing her to <unk> baseball walks her back base a woman teammate follows while . 
with glove on a baseball another field woman woman a a with 
softball their to field the during girls game . return the 
dog a . running and brown brown are a 
dogs in running dirt the two 
over and packed dirt rocks running two dogs 
. two through dogs run mud 
muddy . path large run two along dogs a 
formal in pink front . in a in line <unk> crowd a girls a stand group of of 
towards people . other and ladies dresses looking wearing heels pink 
females attire formal stand onlookers as six in . 
a <unk> stand in line camera pink women in . their dresses backs the to six with 
six a <unk> of crowd wearing women front pink in dresses 
plays a from spray fountain water kids of a the in . of group 
. being water splashed with are children 
are outside children in fountain playing . a 
children sprayed five being fountain are water a by 
four in water fountain children a are . playing 
standing two a spraying in man . water and boys 
him water while <unk> . male looks over to shirtless right his a 
in running two boys under standing swimsuits water . 
playing boys two in water . 
boys a young of . enjoying spray water 
the people snowy few a on together . mountaintop sit 
of on mountain summit a that climbers another a range . rest group overlooks 
group . of rests climbers summit the mountain a at 
them of both on sitting group of on top sides with of covered mountains a rocks people . snow 
mountain snowy sitting people are . on a 
tent hiker on a . a in a mountain 
. out hiker mountains in pokes his a the of a head tent high 
sits on a his . tent a in mountain man 
their out mountain . a a at top person of tent head a of the sticks 
tent of someone near mountain a is . out snowy <unk> a <unk> <unk> 
black <unk> frisbee a dog is catch a to . 
brown dog red a after frisbee runs a . 
a the a dog in distance foggy frisbee catching 
a while dog a runs air through . through the grass flies , frisbee 
after running animal . field in frisbee 
of <unk> background , group a in in animals stand children the . the 
a yellow bright little in a with . of group kids girl 
a children are dirt along path . walking 
on dirt children together a path walk . many 
standing young the . sun children in several 
surrounded the black by snow dog jumping air in a and white 
up snow dog black and the jumping . white in 
in near a dog jumping snow . the tree 
snow . dog shaggy jumps little the in 
ground the and and air snowy white the black dog . <unk> off the into 
boys talking are four room the in . living 
boys house and wear in shown t-shirts playing are . a four all 
monitor a young into looking computer several boys 
while talks look a computer at three four laptop phone . on boys the a 
three boys . stand by computer a 
a shirt in hands white a clapping . child their 
. people raises a up hands in her of crowd girl a 
boy pants white be shirt wearing appears dancing to a a and little gray . 
dances . a a in young crowd boy 
people outside hands in with . of raised crowd with child center 
<unk> . on his boy has gear a 
to ready boy in . a with jump gets the pool <unk> 
to red about young floaties pool a a into jump boy wearing 
red is through the . boy wading with the pool floaties little arm 
little is red arm the wearing floaties . child 
. into a is swimming child jumping a pool 
black jumps . next a <unk> shorts into pool a a to house in boy yellow backyard little 
boy pool a swimming high little . with the background man the above a in jumps 
the pool the . jumps into boy blue 
descending midair child in young into pool . 
take the crossing the hikers <unk> a . bridge while leap 
up while two jumping guys a bridge crossing 
the a . men in bridge jumping wooden crossing two air are whilst 
the two a bridge mountains jumping . on are in people 
a jump on young men two bridge . 
boy beach wings water bends wearing at the down a . blond 
with child blond playing red the in a floaties haired and blue ocean . 
red at child in water the blue . and a floaties down looking 
with the boy feet beach on in floaties with his sand . the 
blue bending over on . small the floaties at beach with child 
two a woman children small . holds smiling 
baby two the sitting woman legged cross grass . whilst a holds on girls 
holding sitting the a on two children . woman is while grass 
two sitting children is woman a on the . holding and grass 
toddler a flip wearing flops and and woman shorts . jeans brown girls two blonde pink holding hair wearing shoes 
of girl white in across road the truck front a is . a <unk> 
. rope girl in jumps a a lot parking 
rope in a . parking lot skips girls a 
parking rope lot little jumping . a girl is in a 
<unk> black through young . girl lot a parking a 
. a in lot parking jumping girl a is rope 
jumping a a is rope in little lot girl . parking 
a a rope girl through jumps lot parking little 
jumps a the in <unk> lot in . young a girl sun rope parking 
jumping girl parking lot rope in 
of figure stands snowy on a human . a mountain peak the 
standing man is a distance . the on a into mountaintop looking 
is towards rocks looking . on mountains a man the standing 
a a stands mountain of on man . top 
at at man the standing mountain . dusk of top a 
. climbing mountain a up steep hiker is very a 
hiker carries . snowy mountain a his male the gear up 
huge a a man hikes . up mountain 
hill on blue stands and mountain . red hiker shirt shorts near in 
the . grassy hiking is up mountainside a man 
<unk> mountain up the . a snowy hiker 
a climbing man a . snowy mountain 
skiing a in the mountains man 
covered rope to snow a attached a is a trail . mountaineer ascending whilst 
a person climbing mountain blue covered . hat up a in a snow 
top a gazing is standing on . mountain a sunset of man the at 
a on of the . is watching or rock standing top sunset man mountain a 
<unk> man sunset a . 's at 
the standing sunset . in a a man mountains watching 
stands a hill a man at on . dusk 
dogs ball . brown red two are with a playing 
grass dogs ball a while over playing . the fight in red brown two 
run red carrying a the toy two dogs grass over . brown 
play a ball two with red <unk> 
are them ball little between . a dogs <unk> carrying grass two on red running the 
. bite a collar wearing dog curly dog a tries haired to and another orange green 
with brown one its brown . bearing dog in teeth at park collar a green a another dog is 
dogs brown . playing two 
with its . two open dogs mouth , one 
with playing one dogs another golden two 
green a wig . of front a in woman hula-hoops a in crowd 
flowered orange . a hula-hoops hair top with woman in green a 
. green before crowd hair hoops a hula woman a with 
. is hooping woman hair green with hula a 
swinging . a hula green girl glove is hoop the with green and a hair 
a boy green swing a . plays on 
a small . boy in swing a 
small swinging a . a while inside child smiles green toy playground 
a the as smiles young . swing he boy rides 
child green . a young swing on swinging a 
to and <unk> has ground of black front a <unk> in . the dog well dog brown white a a 
to dog dog a trying with . brown white is play a 
spotted plays green grass on white a a dog with . dog brown the 
play front dogs two on a of together . in small well stone the grass 
dogs two lawn on . wrestling a green 
feeding ducks a in shirt purple girl a 
lean the over to purple reach edge for ducks a the girl . wearing 
dressed shorts , a that . little in water hair shirt pink blue feeding and in ducks are a a ribbon swimming girl pink 
<unk> the in over . girl a the side wall little a leans ducks of to water 
feeds ducks the . girl little 
the is dressed shirt helmet riding woods in and bike boy . orange an a in dirt a a 
a wearing wooded a area a helmet . boy on bicycle in a 
a boy the with through bikes . mountain woods a helmet 
. posing wearing helmet , bike mountain a and a child on his is 
the path woods in helmeted on . bicyclist boy 
. outside play chalk two girls with 
game two playing little are sitting candy pavement . with girls on a 
play chalk . sidewalk with two little girls 
chalk with two flower . girls sit the garden , little in playing front of 
it sidewalk young on sitting chalk two coloring girls on a with 
trees a running dog lake a is towards through some . 
a to . something running pond dog a into fetch 
dog in . swimming a pond a 
cross attempting river animal . to the an is 
swimming is <unk> natural person or an setting . lake animal a in 
girl a a . climbing tree 
hides girl a a in with little pink a tree . blond coat 
girls haired on a leaves on the . the camera blond sits the that through peers tree she little at 
from tree leaves some atop a . down young looking a through girl 
plays the girl happily in the . tree young 
<unk> war with <unk> teams cannon a firing <unk> . 
fashion cannon men old . group an of firing a 
a . <unk> of some battle 
<unk> <unk> men in a war participating <unk> 
fire . a <unk> cannon war 
. crossbones a sign holding skull a child with up a and 
and child skull a a up costume crossbones . a holds wearing sign pirates 
dressed and a flag 's pirate as holding little a up crossbones a skull boy 
. flag pirate holding skull pirate is dressed a little the boy as a up 
a holding dressed pirate crossbones is like and . a young with a boy a on skull sign it 
dancer , a a street <unk> dancing in the the pose audience . on in 
. front a performing performer of crowd barefoot female a and is in 
in a in tank woman costume a pants a <unk> street bow . taking top the and 
performing parade dance of woman neck her around with beads a part as is a . a 
doing street <unk> <unk> horns a with . female 
a walking haired woman gold in black . dark a through and festival street 
belly dancer it . as a a on dressed a with holds beads cloth <unk> out woman 
a <unk> parade a . wearing woman in costume black is a 
gold and a is black woman . wearing <unk> with <unk> 
with woman a on <unk> outfit black . a hair and 
in in feathered . rides dress parade a a and a hat a a unicycle pink person 
a is the many other people riding unicycle on street . person with a around 
wearing person street a unicycle black pink down a hat and a . riding atop the outfit and 
, large and and in . pink a rides bike a black hat wearing feathered woman a parade 
. a in a a and of a black unicycle front in rides dress hat crowd woman 
woman at smiling a a is policeman larger black 
on grins wearing a crowded a a street beads at woman policeman 
. street a policeman on the hugging a woman 
on police street officer around a woman has his the arm a . 
woman officer police smiling a a <unk> . with 
<unk> people of around a of . group gathering bag a 
a children look woman bag grocery statue of carrying a at . a 
old holding to statue bags woman of an children standing full the next . paper 
's . woman kids old grocery bag in paper an looking 
. several into look woman grocery bag is as it children holding the a 
tall girl a a flowers of is . running field towards 
top a cloudy a front of in woman <unk> jeans of skyline and yellow flowers in line and slightly . a a tight 
long through a meadow walking hair a with woman 
field walking yellow girl in flowers with 
and field of <unk> grass with . woman a long walking in hair 
one an is girl . of hugging in flag american front another girl 
giant front of . hugging american girls flag two a in 
large in of girls flag front two american 
an in are front young american . flag of two hugging girls 
american two in flag front of young girls the hug 
jacket background . a a standing is forested with a a rock in on brown woman 
cliff woman near a posing a 
front . smiling a woman trees standing in of and 
stands of underneath mountain trees rolling on a blue a sky a overlooking . woman field a 
cliff overlooking the valley on . poses a a a person picture for 
as . little girl a smiles bowl she a on white her of the wears head top 
in a <unk> a a blonde striped her at table sitting chair bowl girl red shirt white a with is head smiling . on a with 
. an on girl has bowl table a her at head upturned a sitting smiling young 
a . her wears on a a striped young shirt head in bowl girl 
table girl a young her a with head bowl sitting a on at 
a black jumping into the dog air and white . 
and a a catch . ball white dog jumping to black 
. dog country in air jumping into a high the the 
the shade dog . in of trees a jumping 
. with open high jumps dog , its mouth a 
a monkey hat green a swings playground bars a in child . blue at on 
play a playing a child set . playground on 
a on . a play set swinging playground child 
a boy . climbing at monkey on the a bars little is playground 
a . at playing park kids gym jungle 
splashing everywhere a water beach is . child the playing on 
. surf splashing a child in the is 
shore girl the a the on . beach at plays 
splashing at . wave in beach girl a a the 
ocean child beach the 's by young on plays the splashed she is while waves a . 
cliff . a jumps man man watches blue another a while the into in a water from swimsuit 
. into man of jumping rocks off pool of a a water 
the in orange water cliff the water while other off shorts boy jumps a shorts black . boy one into on , rock standing over in 
edge jumping on and is one water males the cliff a two into 
one water . midair rock into two in , the males water a jumping on over 
. <unk> all little a dressed group white perform in onstage of a girls 
girls stand . tutus <unk> white in pose and onstage 
of <unk> group white get ready to in tutus dance 
wearing , little . bows <unk> are leggings all dresses and the white 
girl <unk> young stage in white a on tutus . 
in . it behind snow a snowball the a that trail a has thrown air black left a has boy in shirt of 
clothing . a water fountain in near spout dark a boy 
. by a is sprayed boy water 
boy throws a . glass object in an a front of building 
dances man fountain young by a a . 
of jumping out . and a white water off a shaking the brown and dog dog black 
a black brown the hole and dog and dog beside in stand a . dirt white a 
three . running a a red brown white behind and black legged dog a bandanna dog with 
path on dogs . shaking are dry themselves water next the to two the 
. dogs off water are two shaking 
sidewalk large feather a woman down a the boa pink . <unk> with 
down , street in and dress hat pink a . , a woman cowboy blue walks a boa a the 
down in street pink scarf a the woman . walking a 
a pink sidewalk . walks a boa with a woman down 
has . scarf the , pink a <unk> woman 
toward rocks cloudy over background and , . lake in <unk> water walk three sky 
of rocks a standing are people near three . body water on 
three a . towards rocks lake are walking people on 
water near . the the on people rocks stand poles fishing with three 
three along going walking people go fish to rocks , 
a . up before being on ball pink held is beach three a dogs 
human a . look three beach the pink holds a ball as dogs on 
beach hand a three at in <unk> dogs on a looking red ball 
a the . three at dogs beach red at ball stare 
a up stare at dogs <unk> <unk> three toy 
grocery <unk> . at <unk> two a store talk 
a two coffee at shop working are people 
two workers grocery at store . a 
of camera grocery at a range . workers out store something observing two 
. wearing <unk> workers store two are a in 
two the are fake with . playing swords boys 
with swords <unk> two shaped kneeling . the boys sticks one like , standing fighting other 
swords play grass . with <unk> boys the in two 
in large sticks yard play . with the two boys 
are each other swinging boys in at swords young grass the . two stick 
airborne a neon . a bike on cyclist is yellow 
onlookers is motorcyclist another a . a attempting well with jump as motorcyclist nearby as 
a . a red on white in yellow and blue person flying through , jumpsuit motorcycle air a the 
yellow in midair on person . a motorcycle a 
on dirt yellow is person . a jump a a bike taking 
man is motorcycle busy a . a a tiny market riding through 
seen . at a an bike a crowd is man of a event on people among outdoor 
rides a man fair town . bicycle a small a small very in 
a a a man some . crowd people red of large tents riding by motorbike near 
at gathering . a people many 
a white smiles slides slide girl blue . down and sundress little in a a 
little a girl at a slide playground on a blue . 
dress bottom white a sitting and at slide the girl a wearing small a . of <unk> 
slide girl young of the . at a a bottom is 
down dress is white girl slide blue the going the the in 
man a brown and , . are dog a tug-of-war big outside toy a with playing 
playing a man of are and tug . dog a war 
a and toy a over grassy in tussle . yard man a dog a 
a man his a tug with war dog . of rope and play 
his a dog man . with playing 
running are and <unk> white <unk> brown dog a dog . a a across 
background clouds a , covered rock white brown with blue play the and dogs a hill <unk> and a one in the other and . , sky boxer two on a terrier 
white run sky background in , rocks and two brown dogs on . 
hill two are a running rocky . along dogs 
other . to run two dogs next rough terrain across each 
tree a . girl a in 
a smiles girl . tree a in 
in haired little brown tree up girl a a . 
<unk> a tree girl . smiling has the 
tree hair girl . with in a long , , dark young 
. sniffs dog big a dog little a 
a . on hind back sits his dog down <unk> and another legs dog 
is smaller licking white dog a white and a black black growling and who dog large . is 
playfully smaller . <unk> puppy dog a larger a at 
. outside white are dogs and black together playing two 
the . herself girl swim for a meet prepares 
and suit bathing waits sits and . young a girl goggles a wearing 
and next for bathing young . in a a race sits the suit waits swimmer 
wearing gear swim . kid sits 
outfit swimming in . girl a <unk> young 
of on a of shot . close pool edge the others sitting a young front swimmer in a of 
on of swimmer with a view . looking out goggles towards something 
young goggles <unk> girl dressed and in a 
a getting swimsuit her young compete . girl in is ready to 
the goggles swimmer the distance into is . wearing looking and 
and . , cap a goggles suit in swim bathing girl a 
a and wearing at a swim cap swim girl meet a head her on goggles 
of her with mouth cap in and , female swimming an a looking young goggles . swimsuit open , front wearing a 
has girl is and swimsuit and swim on young , cap patterned a . blue goggles black head blue her swim a yellow a wearing 
in young girl sitting swimming a gear 
in in a 's <unk> <unk> is an . child a chair baby 
. toys surrounding in with bouncy seat baby him an a is 
baby in playing a toy a 
white . in is surrounded by smiling toys sitting <unk> baby a a baby 
on and airplane other and <unk> fire with baby laughing the engine a toys in mobile floor <unk> 
red . jumps ball dog to a a catch outside 
on red ball a . grass shaggy small dog with a plays the 
trying <unk> . a red to toy catch a 
catch ball to . little is its up jumping dog in mouth red a 
catch dog jumps up red . the ball the to 
dog the black a grass in plays with a red overhead and brown . ball 
a is looking dog . a ball at red little 
red in ball a with little dog forest a a playing furry 
a to dog a red small tries . ball catch 
air to tiny is this . in the ball about dog jump red a catch to 
catch to . red ball is dog little a attempting a 
dog prepares haired in ball brown . small a the grass and a catch red long black to 
dog . to about red the a grass small ball while a in is catch 
a to dog tries . red small catch ball a 
catching field . a red dog ball in 
fetch ball black a and . brown a red to dog running 
ball the and dog a in red a air . 
bushes dog behind . towards a red a running small is ball thrown 
dog grass plays on . a green small the 
a ball outdoor leafy , a red though small dog area after a runs . 
child from and a a karate a red does kick . couch jumps 
couch midair red . a performing is over pose in a a kick jump child 
little flying a shadows in <unk> a boy room with doing kick . 
bouncing on red . the is boy the couch 
a boy karate the . bed of with leaps kick his 
a toddler in baby a are <unk> smiling and whilst playing . a 
boy seat a toys in a standing and bouncy by surrounded a baby . 
in a . nearby older a <unk> an baby and child 
boy his and brother excited a taking get young . baby about picture 
standing boys while is and a little laughing one seat one bouncy in are . smiling two is and 
a is shallow water out girl stretched in 
back and her girl is water a shallow a in wearing bikini . red multi-colored on laying 
on in little laying water girl swimsuit a red is shallow her back . a in 
the is her young lying surrounding , while is . sand in a water ocean girl 
clear water her a blue of girl back wearing . shallow lying a pool on in bikini 
to a the and a black jumping frisbee air in dog white catch 
a jumping in white and black yard a . dog 
in for dog a fence a a black jumps white a frisbee backyard . with 
a flying disk with a dog a catches a yard . tree in 
. dog jumping motion in a 
a and group takes his others water a wetsuit green a of a . wait sprinkler turn in in boy 
sprinkler of in play group a outside a . children 
through are turns children . running a taking water sprinkler 
kids the sprinklers run . and play several in 
sprinkler joy boy and takes the turn his the through . jumps with 
does . a child in pool a handstand a 
a down upside child pool stands in . a 
a her legs the has out . doing pool the water is of a child sticking handstand in swimming that 
swimming a . into is woman a pool diving 
a girl young pool a in . a handstand is doing 
playing a with dog <unk> a a black large war is of yellow tug wearing dog . small brown 
a playing dog small dog a tug larger with 
one , , are dogs two than the war of tug other playing . bigger 
war tug two dogs of play . 
tug while training two dogs gear wearing at . the item same 
bearing couch two a their dogs teeth beside are white . black 
in two front a . of sofa dogs tan black fighting are 
their two carpeted in teeth , dogs <unk> plush each with a room fight other , . with black 
play or together dogs fight . black two 
large are at dogs black snarling each . other two 
and walking is <unk> a hooded room past figure <unk> tables in <unk> an . 
<unk> hotel walks around a . a robes blue figure in in 
people in blue a a person in . several the hooded <unk> with background dressed 
robe gray . in a a person scary 
is a . outfit man the in <unk> building blue walking 's dressed a through 
hat holding boy a camera the red wearing a cookie and a . looking at is 
in of <unk> baseball juice eats boy a cap red a a <unk> and pink a has big cup 
an . <unk> little hand wearing his a hat with boy <unk> red a in 
boy pink a ball cup with nearby a a <unk> holding . small a red cap with 
a small <unk> . has the boy red hat the in 
<unk> <unk> a waits city family . to in the some next 
middle five standing around few city in a . which placed people a <unk> are orange of the 
people near orange in a <unk> city 5 outdoor 
people by <unk> <unk> orange standing . of row a 
people group by <unk> a some . stand orange 5 <unk> of 
happily is the running black through grass . dog a 
dog black camera running the . a toward 
. out black a tongue dog its with runs 
runs the dog with hanging . out grass a dark through tongue its 
the dog grass in . a plays 
brown water dog from leaping into the . dock a a 
while spectators is a into distance watching jumping are . a water dog pool of 
into . dog the a water leaps tan 
in man pool . distance , into watch and for leaps dog marked background woman 
numbers it a dog people a run with blue . two watch on along cloth 
a dog through a is brown brown . field running 
field a through . is dog brown running the 
the grass side with hanging in dead the dog runs . a collar his brown tongue to out a with 
field brown tongue with as his runs <unk> through he a dog a 
grass . in running the dog a 
pool in like horse pool broom . an empty is red boy a a in a a <unk> riding 
a <unk> . wearing raincoat a boy little plays with a 
a . a riding in kid broom horse little jacket a red like a 
boy . in stick raincoat outside <unk> 
through puddle broom a in is a child dragging . <unk> the 
dog . brown a closeup in of a of building a front 
a building a . grass front the of dog in in 
<unk> the next grass a lies a to . dog in 
of a . field a 's little taken front dog dog in from on the ; a building <unk> 
next in an the ornate dog . small a grass building stands to brown 
flip <unk> the stands does . while boy a another boy on a 
a background the standing down on mat . in with a upside boy a person red 
small child a . a flip does a behind boy 
doing near boy flip a a another young . is standing back 
on kids . playing mats two 
umbrella balances a man . on japanese ball a a 
ball man . on of balances top an a a umbrella 
people ball while . umbrella a pink a balances man with a watch 
a umbrella holding on bright a a man pink up city . street 
a man of in top . city street umbrella balancing ball pink on a a a is red 
a is broken resting . arm in bed a with boy a 
is . sleeping arm a broken a with boy 
bed rests boy <unk> with arm an his in a . wrapped a in <unk> 
bed with arm kid his in broken a a asleep 
<unk> <unk> shirt blue arm with and white <unk> child and wrapped closed . pillow in with on a eye left 
are group a a of people around campfire at . night sitting 
grass by . the nighttime group sitting of a at a fire on people 
of pit fire group . a sitting are a people around young 
campfire friends a . enjoy 
campfire sitting people around several a 
of cliff a edge ocean at stand over the a people the of group . 
three bluff a on overlooking the group a ocean <unk> rest . of boy 
overlooking three lake men on cliff a stand . a 
of ocean cliff <unk> three are on a top . overlooking the 
two rock a ocean standing with are near sitting nearby the another on man . men 
a in near a man yellow suit bathing kayak stands a . 
on his <unk> are trunks in belongings a yellow down canoe man that to a walking swimming . 
trunks man swimming . and in a yellow bright toward kayaks orange walking 
walks yellow a shirtless kayak a toward man . 
a prepares take ride to man . kayak 
running and dog brown grass the black across . a 
dog runs tongue black in . the a grass hanging and its out while brown 
black grass towards . green a dog the on runs camera 
a brown black dog and on grass the 
the the happily . german shepherd in park runs 
rocks on . near three climbers waterfall 
men three waterfall climb face a . natural rock 
. to waterfall outfits rock in climb a men next three a wall matching 
small a are rocks people . three waterfall climbing near 
matching rock beside waterfall in . clothes a three climbing people small 
blow-up child . young a on jumping toy yellow arms raises her while a 
arms extended in with . colored clothing standing light <unk> child 
. gym jump children in bouncy 
playing a girls jumper inside two . house 
inflatable little girls play yellow a . house in two 
adult while an pink gear holds in . up baby is her <unk> and dressed staring a 
a wearing 's sits baby adult sunglasses small on . an lap 
woman holds baby hat fat and a with sunglasses denim . a a 
wearing is a wearing woman a sunglasses . onto is holding baby who 
while jean being the baby . the held in hat a sunglasses blue at looks and camera 
woman pool playing . at watching kids a two a 
girl while . into another pool a innertube the side with young jumping stands an a on 
watch and jumps swimming little girl girl a first woman pool while another young a into feet . 
on pool at 's . little a swimming two girls backyard their looks while play family woman 
by hotel little play girls a pool . two 
black rock stands him behind a on . , fields a green dog 
over white paws climbing a with . dog black is rock a 
on black a . field with paws dog in stands large a a rock white 
with two a paws a in a . front its rock on field dog 
the . rock is black dog a on climbing 
at in a child beach hat . straw a on stones a stands 
wet rock kid a on a hat beach stands pants . a and at wearing the 
playing of is . small wearing a a child edge water a of body on the rocks hat at 
shore on , child background wearing on steps . hat a in rocks water 
the face a straw front ocean covering wearing and on in rock of hat standing . red with sandals head lady 
boy . pool a in swimming a 
in a being a is splashed pool boy swimming . 
pool with getting splashed standing a boy water . is in a 
a . swimming in boy pool a little 
young water necklace with boy on a the in a . 
. picture man down a crouches take to a 
holding camera . crouching man a a and 
in take a is to . photograph squatting man a brush 
<unk> cameraman rocks squatting is eye the with to . the his his among 
a in man in this camera aiming wilderness . clothing , , camouflage a is area 
with . plays girl little at swing the a tire the playground 
off a swinging tire a park at the it is swing girl is air jumping . while young a into 
tire a girl young swinging a off swing 
outfit of swing red girl in out tire jumping 
little plays tire in outdoor red on girl . swing dress 
. surfer the is flip over a kite waves a doing 
jumps over a his surfboard man a wave . on 
a on person parasail jumps a wave . off a 
silver . craft a waves the rides 
a . wave a windsurfer <unk> over 
on air a in the . jumping the boy beach 
beach and on swimming a the the boy goggles jumping with trunks by sand 
kid beach in . sunglasses the with a on jumping 
young jumping a . the at beach in air boy the 
in trunks boy swim on jumping beach 
. along the children adult three and beach an walk 
walk in on children and woman a the line . beach a three 
is walking . three woman children her following a the with along behind beach 
. the a three children in a beach woman as along her walks follow line 
their the boys the . mother beach follow on 
. in two play dogs grass the 
on . short grass dogs two small playing white 
the are on playing two white . dogs grass 
white . in two grass dogs the play 
green two grass . play dogs white on the 
into is his try brown a wet dog a mouth the jumping air with to basketball . catch and 
with playing dog brown a a ball white wet is . 
get brown basketball up . a a dog to jumps wet white 
a white ball wet chasing dog a 
dog the toward <unk> wet the basketball . 
are a many group children fountain standing from races busy plaza a . the of in of 
from the . fountains in water spray that children ground play 
of in running water children through of midst . crowd fountains the 
are fountain in of lots of little front . kids a in playing water people 
. fountains children are several playing in water 
of a children group a <unk> in run the snow . 
boys day young group . race of snowy a a on 
in school snow the . racing kids 
the are in . snow background with the children <unk> running in the 
. runners through are racing the the young snow 
has to the jumped tennis in a air ball catch . dog a 
small brown jumping dog a catch ball tennis . to a up 
small and tennis dog a ball jumps brown a catches 
a small a its jumping dog in . with ball mouth 
dog its indoors a catches ball . tennis small in mouth 
surfboard in man along walks beach a a wetsuit a with a 
. is person a surfboard in the ocean into a a carrying wetsuit 
<unk> a . waves black the suit with and board white person into 
waves a a black the wetsuit carrying into surfboard a surfer . in 
towards white a ocean surfboard the <unk> in a surfer carries . dark a 
. red toddler playing a and with are naked <unk> baby 
a baby putting 's the . hands on in the , baby toddler head floor paint toddler naked covered and the on her 
each a paint in and other naked . toddler baby <unk> 
paint a naked naked covering . toddler baby is a with 
two red . paint young naked each other children <unk> with 
tank a in outside an orange . stands girl top a cafe 
girl shop a clothing a standing outside of 
stands tables store near a outside chairs , woman a and . 
woman near dress shop . a a outside stands 
red with a in shirt of girl jeans sidewalk a a a and rack is dresses there . and 
is grass running the dog on white a and . brown 
through . is grassy a brown white dog a walking and field 
tongue white . and out dog running his a brown with hanging 
brown . a out tongue a his of closeup with dog 
plays a a in field . puppy 
's a to <unk> waiting large plant a a sitting <unk> shoes by man . is 
<unk> bench . <unk> a to waiting on a man shoe 
a of an sits seat in his front stool man . <unk> empty on 
<unk> a waits for . <unk> shoe 
. for waits a shoe <unk> <unk> 
a . on field boy lays in a a girl top of 
day grass in a a a on the kissing in girl sunny and a park boy 
field girl grassy <unk> a a young in boy and . 
lying of black person . grass person in in red on shirt in top the shirt 
. two lawn are down grassy laying people and on kissing a 
bat a at <unk> a father . , pinata party a child at a by a swings 
boy little collared a swinging . shirt orange is baseball an in bat a 
. a is a shirt boy little a pinata in at red swinging 
the a . man behind orange boy little a as in stands him pinata hit 
an adult at small boy some from help orange in swinging the shirt . pinata while gets a an 
road in big boy a the wearing a red hat stands . 
boy the is in the middle road wearing hat red standing of a a . 
large people little middle on a in the street of grass a while hat sit the . the red child wearing stands 
boy a street in wearing standing small . hat red a is a 
in a hat red funny the small child road stands a with . 
sparkler waves boy a around . a 
fireworks with in shirt a child a plays . red 
trail a spins light sparkler . leaving a child a 
the sparkler in . a lit little a is backyard holding boy 
air sparkler is a . in twisting boy a young the around 
blond with standing wearing a of wine an glasses bar front in woman empty several a apron 
standing is in . of black woman mirror a front a a apron in 
bar in rests a a uniform . woman against 
in restaurant the woman stands alone a 
standing . bar restaurant in a at the the front in <unk> of 
yellow large a a out dog coming of . tube 
brown dog lawn . from <unk> a onto tunnel the and little yellow a white emerges toy 
in grass small of front on . yellow tube a dog a 
yellow . dog through a small a walks tube white 
white course a emerges a . from an obstacle tube yellow dog on 
it rollerblades young looks ready . try a girl to give has and a on 
a . on young girl rollerblades 
girl young background rollerblades green foliage and . a with the in 
wearing striped and is blue the . girl rollerblades shirt a 
the rollerblading near outside . is green bushes girl young 
of a runs a a yellow white dog little man . along while clapping out runs tube 
through a runs dog obstacle an . course small 
dog . runs a white small 
obstacle an course little running . dog through 
. ran an through tube just small show dog <unk> orange 
a <unk> dog grass . ears very field with brown through floppy runs of a 
in . a dog grass fluffy 
. <unk> grass the a through runs 
at brown white and over runs . grass dog camera 
his out . has the tongue in the sticking grass and walking dog 
boy . sparklers two a holds 
sparklers plays at night with a boy . 
dark child sparklers holds in the . a 
of out little in fire holds boy a him sprinklers . front 
fireworks two boy sparklers . small a holding 
a a his is shirt gate on man by in white cellphone the . 
outside of a on his doorway a man . stands cellphone 
bars holding his standing to . white a green is a by surrounded , a cellphone and doorway shirt his man right up in wearing ear a 
talking on white phone in shirt man 
on doorway a is talking man , mobile in standing . 
a steps near runs some . boy 
on steps is . concrete boy some a running little 
boy pants a concrete green a young in green on running floor and a . <unk> shirt 
stairway a down boy a young cement . runs 
running the smiling small . and boy is 
on being a shovel pulled . boy a 
<unk> . the a in shovel grassy chair by of backyard child in a happy play a a 
boy shorts red a is in shovel a on little sitting flowered . 
. and shovel a a riding little smiling in boy 
chair the near tan . blue in red on grass boy small shorts flowers a with in sitting shovel 
white bucket a a girl in head . her <unk> 
her bucket a <unk> filled little . water hair a into with girl 
has little in bowl of girl head a water . her a <unk> 
a . her soaked head a from girl a lifts dress bucket little in 
a girl young wet white out lifting her bucket a hair of 
throw bottle on . person another tries to a boy water water with his 
boy wearing a red is woman splashing water a a on 's shirt legs . 
a girl with boy older . a with plays an bottle 
of boy older a water splashing a person young with bottle an 
boy laughing water a holds nearby while with the pants wet walks a lady bottle . 
people older . with while child and is a squirted watch water sit 
splashed a in being water by surrounded of chairs child out . of a lawn adults bottle 
he with laugh women . gets group water little watch a outside as older a of squirted boy 
a his with direction a his to boy looking left young in smiling and people bottle 
the enjoys at family afternoon the park an . the shade in 
adult up a and walk as hands grassy hill hold an they child a . 
grassy on walking hands woman up child a . a a hill and are fair day holding 
walking and child a woman uphill 
grassy hill . woman a and a young climbing girl 
woman sweatshirt holding with grassy green her in up a around girl tied as with hill they a . waist a shirt hands her young a walk 
red with ball black and <unk> playing . is a a brown 
towards a is him a coming staring red ball at . dog 
a to a and tan . dog ball red black jumps small get 
catch ball dog red a trying a outside to small 
in ball brown grass dog a black red with small the . playing and 
bald man shiny sunglasses baseball down with a looks another and down looks while cap man a . 
a sunglasses . man in crowd and denim amid cap 
wearing denim . in man dark sunglasses hat 
. in men two at them something in of front look sunglasses 
wearing men sunglasses . two 
hair girl her an <unk> water in a a pool with of . makes 
a doing flip young the a water girl back . in 
leaning the splashing water back girl . hair is her with and 
out is the the taking of . water hair girl her 
pool hair her a woman a <unk> backwards young water from wet flipping swimming . in 
. yard wearing children play in sunglasses behind them , a two a structure with 
orange in children . two sunglasses 
outside two plastic children tent wearing a of sit sunglasses . 
girls sunglasses the two . little in wearing sitting grass 
two sunglasses wearing young children 
with to brown a a hair frisbee short a camera woman and seated a throws dog . 
frisbee a a a . throwing red woman toward dog is brown 
is field woman a to a for . in her <unk> dog a who throws brown listening music sitting 
frisbee pink wearing the dog woman thrown the a jacket for . the has to catch 
to for her camera dog frisbee throwing brown is catch . with woman a 
dogs the in playing . three water are 
. in dogs playing are shades of in brown water three the different 
. in three playing water the dogs green 
three water dogs play . in 
water the together . dogs play in three 
. costume beside a a plays big little a little drum a boy playing large in drum leather a man 
boy man a <unk> drums a and . little 
plays his , boy man drum drum little a . a hits little a own and 
with . man the small with next to drum is drum boy the big a a marching 
the child man same an drum the <unk> . doing his at looking older <unk> small 
a a wall rock top of fake . the child at 
a wall rock child . a climbs 
. a bungee a shirt green climbing is child wearing 
in shirt a in climbing a young boy . a wall rock a harness green is strapped 
while a a is . harness boy young suspended climbing rock in 
punching a . woman smiling a dog 
licks dog a down tan . girls while laying hand a 
dressed is in dog . green playing her woman with a tan 
. the and be girl scarf playing white with dog the the green appear to 
brown the white the <unk> with is on light dog girls hand . spots 
a wearing slide sliding a dress girl . tube blue down is a 
girl a is inside . white little tube concrete a top a in 
. a a sliding smiling is tunnel little down girl 
slides girl as a little a a down . smiles tube she on day sunny 
tunnel . young a in inside girl a 
. boy a in shirt a blue 
concrete a little . background , in at the a shirt camera in blue boy the looking 
and black shorts a a t-shirt boy outside little white with walks around . 
looking small a . the at boy camera 
street . is a with walking people the small lined on boy 
a child pool from a into . slide a jumping 
girl a pool a . a down goes into slide yellow 
two into girl her a behind with slides . a is pool jumping 
the . from a swimming jumps girl little the pool ladder into yellow 
a yellow into . suit a of in blue off the slide a girl water jumps bathing young 
baby a a cover bed dog to lays big brown . next <unk> a on 
pacifier large a a next lays its . mouth in with dog a baby small to 
on brown and lay blanket dog baby . with together pacifier the 
dog naked baby is mouth a laying with its brown next to and pacifier a . in black 
floor lying baby the . the the dog on next to is 
. boy a trees in meadow near some walks a 
a forested little a shirt area boy a in running green . blue through is 
and a towards grass shorts some of boy field run little in t-shirt in . trees a 
a a . shirt <unk> through park blue a walks boy in 
boy field tree . a grassy a towards in running little 
a dog man . of on heels a the 
dog on red its little a with a a . walk head takes ribbon 
ribbon grass walks small red the on a through . with a dog head its 
bow hair the . a walking the has dog in red on grass little its 
in grass . the terrier <unk> walking 
walking on a rocks child . 
rocks on . walking a girl 
a a rock little garden in in white girl a . plays coat 
girl young big across a walks rocks . 
girl . grassy rocks walking area near on building little beside 
man a a waterfall <unk> down 
a hat man a wearing harness a climbing a waterfall in down white 
a red with waterfall down man rope a red shirt a in . <unk> a 
a is red with rope a . climbing a man waterfall in red 
. <unk> man the the waterfall in is red down 
group people walking a ridge on rocky . of a 
climbing in . man the and on a two boys a are park rock 
people rock . climb three large a on 
and in . climb shade a boys lawn rock a the two visible man background holding hat on with a and trees a white 
a children two . boulder a man and on 
bare <unk> child . water smiling a plays in 
is . outdoors playing with hair water a brown in <unk> child 
in smiling with <unk> <unk> is water topless . whilst is , drenched boy who his long hair a 
poses a a without arms raised . smiling shirt , with wet child 
long . water in young plays boy hair with the a 
dress . in rides a ride orange fair at an a the lady 
riding . a a ride an orange carnival woman dress in 
a a alone at sits . a in carnival lift woman 
orange fair a makes the wearing above woman while riding . a an dress face 
orange . wearing is wheel dress an woman the riding <unk> on the 
and go girl a a down slide metal boy . a 
going metal slide boy a . and girl down a 
a . slide hands a a hold little little boy and on girl shiny 
a metal playing two slide children on . 
slide . children a down slide two 
shoulder in . muddy a deep dog water stands 
dog deep through water . murky white fur with a is moving 
water swimming dog tan . through light swampy a 
a is mud white up standing to dog its neck in 
in . wading with <unk> dog natural water a white is 
bitten a little kitten nose being is on orange blonde child . a the by 
human 's a a bites nose cat . 
girl an striped nose biting a on the orange kitten . is 
. of a a child kitten orange the biting nose 
nose the biting blonde girl on kitten striped orange 
mountain area rocky the . are a in men 
. are around standing other arms two these each with hats on people their terrain rocky , in 
a front in mountain two standing . <unk> men of are 
pose . of snowy area on front a mountain rocky in two a men 
two for snowcapped of mountains piece posing . in front men a 
. toy stuffed animals the several girls carrying two are 
animals on a stuffed several walkway two . stand holding girls 
path stuffed of girls bunch little two white are on standing with . a animals stone 
. girls stuffed animals two little a path stone on holding 
small are animals two . stuffed holding girls 
shorts a ocean the jumping boy is wearing black . into 
the jumping child into trunks a ocean in . swimming 
a beach ocean . waves a at child jumps over 
child . and jumping shorts is wearing a white blue surf the in 
. beach the a is at in jumping black boy shorts little water the in 
a to water jumping is in dog play the 
at . water dog up a of a jet white jumping is 
grass jumping <unk> and water a green stream dog a white by of a in 
. water from jumps from white grass dog into the a hose a 
white next grass building a jumps green . a on brick dog to the 
runs girls down little two red-haired hill grassy a . behind by a boy followed 
children run through grass the tall . green the 
a children three grassy running . down are hill 
down three a . children hillside running grassy 
children running downhill three 
brown ball yard a a the around dog <unk> . chases 
dog a cut a low ball brown chasing soccer across . <unk> is field a 
with in playing the soccer grass brown ball large white a dog . 
dog a tan ball chasing . 
a is tan chasing dog the ball . 
. up a boy <unk> on bed jumps a 
on bed jumping the a boy little 
with a boy hair curly , a jumping white shirt . a , red brown is wearing little on bed 
a shirt a . on young bed in a boy red jumps 
and blue the <unk> in . is in outfit boy the young red midair 
pink a ride on shirt girl in a a a . huge carnival stuffed with animal 
. above with on a stuffed a ride a a carnival next her sits girl animal to 
and little on a monkey a girl seated her the above ride . <unk> stuffed 
animal a a girl <unk> stuffed . giant seat wheel sits on little next a to 
animal and riding an ride stuffed large girl fair over a . <unk> 
couple . and railing is a a standing a lake sunset against looking at beautiful 
a dusk . water takes the the in couple view at at 
the is couple the water the by . overlooking standing railing 
against above and water people . two railing the the sunset stand the watch 
together a river two people . stand from close fence behind looking a at 
<unk> a characters . group of near teenagers 
standing outside store a teenagers of <unk> of a group . 
with <unk> stand <unk> people of also four of on in <unk> young drinks sidewalk drinks front the the . cold holding cold 
food drinks . three with <unk> a their outside stand people fast 
three a drink teenagers outside <unk> . store <unk> 
at in on the street a girl looking van sidewalk . is the white a 
in by at saying a on a is look road sign pointed the woman right . white 
the standing . right " of in street front a " a woman on look words painted 
by a in white words . the written it street on little girl a white with stands dress 
painted a " female city right an . <unk> the , " in a foreground the with words on with look street 
drinks group store at a . <unk> getting a fountain of are people 
get . <unk> their people 
. machine cups and adults several filling are drink their a 
in soda boys of a machine . front two 
a getting at store counter . drink a guys two 
a girl the over <unk> of her pot has red baby . face a all 
her eating a on holding . a face hand some from box the it red , and girl it other in with one baby of plastic 
has her her a face lower a finger in girl little in mouth her and food all . <unk> over 
all a eating her . toddler <unk> and with fingers from with hands face her over 
in the high little girl her is chair . eating <unk> 
a another with shepherd his . chases stick in mouth a german 
. german who stick german its dog following another a shepherd in has a shepherd mouth 
mouth behind another is dog shepherd its running german dog carrying stick . german in that shepherd a a is 
two dogs object an running with in one 's are mouth german shepherd . 
german stick a with <unk> two . playing 
. bull in , a to next field stands a red car a 
. next car field parked is a red a in bull grassy black to a 
parked . a cow a red in field a next car to 
red large animal black as as car large small is 
small the standing a middle of it . a black there field with beside is a in bull car red 
in , blond children poses carrying house of a one a of front , young <unk> . group a 
are of hut a . children front five standing wooden in 
kids holding five one posing a picture gun a is for 
. posing , and smiling <unk> one picture sister a four for 
are to . has , standing other each one and kids next a the gun in red there the five 
each . , a out at hold standing a looking a ferry , ferry on other couple 
boat watching a standing couple the of water . the deck a on 
as over ship they <unk> railing the over . out look a man a a water at woman the 
. and int with background a overlooking water metal rail couple he boat a 
in at the large the looking ship together the ocean . is couple 
is blowing a huge bubble girl a . 
clear girl a bubble young orange . and t-shirt a blows large glasses an wearing 
shirt a blowing girl in bubble red 
and the girl glasses is wearing . bubble huge orange shirt a the blowing 
blows the bubble . a huge young girl 
toy in boy a . pool with inflatable plays an a 
. swimming in a pool boy a 
a in a pool . pink raft on child a 
. <unk> a small with device pink swimming pool boy a in a swims 
on boy pink raft a . pool in a playing 
mouth covering . a another his ears covering his between little the sitting boy his covering eyes and is boy 
, no no see three " speak . no evil evil do , hear evil " boy 
hands down make and boys . their gestures three with sit 
making together sit faces three little boys . 
three young speak , boys no no evil evil playing no evil see , hear 
. board beach waiting child is a the holding a on boogie 
on girl the she sand stands ocean a board boogie . into as looks with out her yellow the 
beach the a holding at a girl young board boogie 
young out board the on body girl . on standing a ocean her with the looks beach 
a young the holding a woman <unk> ocean surfboard . 
up . climber the rock climber overlooking on on is her one is way the another sitting ocean whilst 
are rock people on the overlooking ocean two a 
climb <unk> two a water . rock people 
water rocks two people . some climb over 
climbing near water people rock two . 
hat navy facial blue a hair black white . with in jacket and wears of a man front background a 
man blue and jacket cap in a . looks <unk> 
man cap a wearing . a baseball backwards 
a wearing . baseball gazing blue into the is man a distance cap 
a cap man something the and intently a beard baseball distance navy in with blue a stares backwards . at 
people street on the standing in and front many sitting <unk> . of 
the people beside benches sitting on street . 
to bench doing a a two women street the same next sitting on on . men two 
building people with . writing it <unk> sit a against on bench two on a 
on a . two on city street sit people bench a 
the white are and mud two digging dogs and . in are the black 
white something after . in two the mud dogs and black 
white the two look ball at dogs sand a and wet in black . yellow 
over . in a two puddle fight that dogs a ball 's 
. out identical muddy ball two paw water a of to nearly try dogs 
a a a . near trashcan man dark cigarette smoking green skinned 
shirt in a a a blue . man standing cigarette outside smoking is 
shirt man in a blue cigarette smoking a a 
a smoking stands outside cigarette a man 
smokes a cigarette man . glasses a with 
near a . child a fence stands 
a wooden fence child a touches small . 
a stands by wooden . a fence boy toddler 
in a touching the . fence a t-shirt wooden toddler white is 
. blond touching boy wooden wall 
jumps pink in a through water girl a sprinkler swimsuit . a 
. in sprinkler girl a eyes swimsuit jumps over little a a her with hut 
through little in running . sprinkler a yard a girl yellow grassy 
young a sprinkler through a running girl 
suit in outside bathing sprinkler jumping . girl pink little through a toy 
or swimming hugging beach are trunks in white . boy black lake and a each other boy a on 
a . black embrace boy and white boy 
hold in other in swim . trunks boys two the each water red 
shallow are hugging . in two kids playfully water 
in are . each other kids standing two the ocean hugging 
lake sun child a front or . a and in pond shown afternoon are dog <unk> in of 
walking is water by girl little a a the dog . 
small lake leash by dog a a boy . on walking a a 
leads child shore large dog a on a . the young 
reflecting girl a the on walking young . it sun with water her the beside dog 
black and stick is . white a dog a carrying field in a 
the with a in a running his in grass stick . dog mouth 
grass dog is mouth a carrying white in through the a stick furry . its 
a field grassy stick a a carries shaggy . dog through 
through its a mouth carrying the stick grass the in . dog runs 
a . balls with a lot up babies they two look are playpen playing while of in 
in on floor . balls <unk> two area with , boys colorful 
children two look up . 
kids a are colorful balls . playing pen two in with 
play two balls young with colored . children 
winter it gear of cave snow hiding a inside made is . a snowing while child is in 
in cap . orange tunnel a black a wearing snow an a is stripe child with 
a tunnel through person snow . a crawls 
a tunnel in a snow person . 
orange glove a , a hole child black jacket is , and a and . is and in the a wearing hat 
a . a blue carries bucket boy in 
in a trunks boy a carries blue bucket swim . down crowded a blue beach 
bucket . the walks with on child a a beach 
on the boy a the beach carrying bucket blue is shorts the in . 
young beach blue at shorts boy . the in 
around people redheaded food eating some a woman standing few with her a 
red storefront by woman outside bright with is a woman black standing wearing a a hair . 
is . a to , of near <unk> standing the people one store a which entrance , are 
of a . stand outside shop two girls 
a outside women with store two red hair , stand one , . 
. outside on wooden walk a walkway people 
sidewalk . three the walk woman on 
path woman past a . women elderly on younger walking are a two public 
<unk> a under boardwalk a on . sky concrete blue 
<unk> sky walking and women blue a beneath . 
and pink a in outfit laughs . cap girl blue a a 
asian in pink a is smiling girl the . whilst countryside out in an dress 
. carrying in a cloth a girl hat in striped smiling field a a 
. laughing young girl a 
in a in smiling hat young crouched a girl field a 
white behind and some a . geese following black dog spotted 
a flock . and five black a of white dog geese <unk> 
and geese a dog of black white walking and nearby grass a . white are brown flock with through 
. in ducks group of a field a 
. dog black in the is the the behind ducks crouching field down 
<unk> a dog its with man in white mouth and back 's a pink frisbee is a over . brown 
leaps man white knit through in young . frisbee its a the brown with pink mouth a cap dog next a to air and a in 
a pink . catches frisbee dog a 
over a dog jumps mouth its frisbee in a man . , with a 
jumps over mouth a man . and his in frisbee dog catches a 
at is a in . splashing the beach the child water 
girl . a playing is the ocean at in dusk 
in a the . ocean splashes kid 
them a splashing person around in background <unk> with all while is it water the standing another person in . 
surf the playing two in . children 
. swinging little haired while a red boy smiles 
happily park child is in redheaded swinging a . 
a . swinging child swing on a is smiling 
. the swing on boy playing 
set swing blonde young boy in park on 
off laughing an a 's back hangs . adult while baby 
is an . hanging from a adults child down upside shoulders 
upside-down shoulders on someone a is 's . girl 
of . back the hangs small an child adult a upside from down 
is an hanging down from 's upside small child shoulder adult . a 
dog brown boy inside a small <unk> are another child with . a blonde small and a cushion 
in brown dog children . brown two and tube a a 
and two a <unk> . in children are a dog 
the . children bed an two with in dog enclosed dog 
boys with lay <unk> two their in dog dog . house a 
with child out water bathtub the . mouth in a coming his of 
out child . a water <unk> 
boy small the bathtub . water <unk> a in 
in young bathtub child a a <unk> water 
boy in a out water young . <unk> bathtub 
orange throwing toy a child . an 
near small frisbee a a is child . 
, field an catch . in yellow frisbee orange a a to green boy young tries grassy and 
. a young reaches wearing a catch hat large a frisbee boy to 
catches young a outdoors hat frisbee boy a wearing military a sun . 
together two playing are horse . guys shoe 
. <unk> playing two guys 
men <unk> two playing . 
men are jeans sunglasses and two wearing . playing <unk> 
play two people . <unk> 
of haired through a squirts water is jumping brown little girl . 
ground through the sprinklers . out water of runs shoot a that girl 
plays fountain . a young red girl area in a water pants in 
is soaked in getting the up . sprinklers jumping little girl 
is a through shirt and water . red white , and girl pants the wearing jumps 
boy <unk> <unk> two a <unk> . riding cars is a 
his scooter pushes a . boy 
on a some a . street man cart old pushes a cars near 
older a . building white cars and of in two in brown a person front 
street a pushes on a young a old cart . dark-skinned with boy cars 
beige coat in trench in the man a . is walking rain a 
a walks jeans black in head his over open a man trench and a with blue umbrella . coat tan 
in trench a is coat with walking man umbrella . a an 
parking white and an man <unk> . a hair long a , coat past with walks trench a umbrella 
umbrella his <unk> in a street walking man . with 
grey a . her umbrella walking girl with 
. parking woman holding standing near <unk> is umbrella a an a 
an down is umbrella holding street . woman walking a the 
a woman to a blue . next parking <unk> a stands with umbrella 
sidewalk shirt <unk> black her her woman , skirt holds a white parking a heels , near over umbrella blue . and a in head on while walking 
a sheep and is . herding white a group on black dusty a of road dog 
a of black white over is . white a sheep watching and flock dog 
in . of herd a sheep dog a near 
is of a herd a . up <unk> sheep <unk> 
a white farm of dog <unk> a sheep on <unk> . dusty a pack 
the snow in toddler a . <unk> 
at in a looking boy footprints . is snow the small 
. tracks is shallow a small gear in making winter snow in child 
a and <unk> snow-covered . ice <unk> child on hat dressed steps blue in young 
. well bundled is child the in snow the walks as he 
a down group people a of river raft going . on a blue 
. a down group of the people their raft rapids blue inflatable paddle 
a group a water in white rafting people . raft blue of 
choppy people several down rafting rocky a in are . river terrain 
some . people are raft white riding a river a down water 
above two group heads of the children floor their . a wooden blocks with on laying 
<unk> wooden two children bricks square laid with some rug on between laying a out them . in a 
rug a blocks near on kids <unk> smile wooden two . and 
on little girls wooden blocks made of <unk> <unk> the . carpet an next to two 
. lay next girls to the carpet wooden blocks on two young 
and a woman with in pool girl a a playing ball . a 
with little some a ball girl the water . a <unk> woman are pool playing and a in underneath 
play a a . and with beach young woman girl a ball volleyball 
the are the other water park to in . air and batting each mother daughter the ball a at 
has a . the other two girls pool thrown ball a catching , in one 
pool into jumps a a boy in red . a suit 
it into a red in pool red a with shorts boy . swimming a chair jumping beside is 
leaping into pool small swimming shorts in red a . boy a 
. small pool jumps into a boy swimming a 
into is young . a a swim pool in boy trunks red jumping 
is water a and dog some . black swimming white through 
water dog deep breed through dalmatian paddles a . 
swims . a water through the dog 
dog through . water a swims 
dog water the in swims 
in dog right the on has the and red the his it , mouth object a has dog . other biting 
grass run two dogs object across black with playing orange . 
dogs with toy . a play two black 
. dog toy <unk> one run black orange carrying an two , 
holds dogs something together mouth run in two and . its dark one 
girl with the . a touches fountain foot her 
out of jeans to on the the falling fountain left foot a kicked a her edge in with water . touch <unk> crouches woman 
fountain stick in to . tries foot a woman a young her 
of her <unk> on sticking fountain in edge balancing while the water woman . 
into water fountain foot young blonde her putting woman a 
bed on two blonde are boys . a playing 
. boys two fight 
two a blonde with bed on stripped . shirts , hair boys wearing 
blond boys a two a play on in little with . room <unk> wood bed 
are on boys bed the . little together playing two 
. frisbee catching brown in the a a air dog 
to . dog in the a air catch is item jumping an 
. green high a leaps to the toy over air grass the catch a dog in 
the catching frisbee park dog . black at 
dog a jumping up black with his stick in mouth with collar 
. child inflatable he gym a smiles in an plays as 
playing in a little boy a is . up toy blow 
boy as little large . toy in smiles inflatable a stands a he 
a . inflated gym around in jumps small bounce a boy yellow 
and white an . boy toy yellow a smiling plays inside inflatable 
green black . grassy running field a dog and a white on 
a . dog black a a by tall is fence grassy running across field 
a through . runs black field a dog 
in park a black runs field in fast very dog . a a 
in bench at park . with park running dog a the background , a a 
from a stone brown a . picks a up <unk> dog surface 
a . a stick on chewing puppy brown 
big stick in is a its dog mouth holding a small with ears . 
mouth a a stick puppy in . its has 
with chewing big on ears a puppy . stick a 
shorts ramp jumping and in a a boy a blue shirt . with bike a 
is over the blue in jump in boy a taking street a . a orange an t-shirt bicycle 
boy little jumps . a blue doing in bike 
in a tricks bike on shirt kid doing blue 
a . young jumping ramp bicycle on boy off 
the grass braids in her girl of front the her of in in with a , swimsuit crossed chest is a water in arms front , and little 
girl suit . young bathing her pigtails in a a arms crosses and 
young a pink a swimsuit in . girl 
a sitting girl near the a young grass in . lake 
of arms water a in wearing in setting of crossed her girl . body over with heart tall <unk> bikini a grass front 
street with . in standing with on their hand bottle hair of kind the girls some orange 
in walking two girls street the 
walking each next other girls . two talking and to 
dressed teenage girls two walk like and . talk <unk> 
bottle next other standing with , to one a each women bandanna while , a two one holds head are . 
a . girl blue hooded a jacket a under wig wearing is brown 
blue in wears an wig interesting a man public 
blue cap on hood , and person in . baseball crowd stands a , a a hair with outdoors a 
and sunglasses blue a . ball brown man with coat cap wig and wears 
in a of , wig people a crowd one person wearing blue 
man glasses space staring off into wearing is a . 
a glasses a man with is front . in standing of building 
man ahead looking with . straight sunglasses a 
above with white a . standing a man building and with sunglasses red by very sky blue a 
in purple the . shadows the is shirt the man wearing 
<unk> walking baskets a group and are holding people . of while numerous 
<unk> many back a carrying baskets man man a a . carrying on to woven his next <unk> of 
walking beach numerous to individuals a products are on . two sell carrying 
. people colorful carrying baskets building and <unk> near two walk a 
and <unk> . people walking down with baskets two <unk> 
window bearded . sits man at a a bus 
is grey a a . by sitting window man a with beard 
. a an grey long bus <unk> the riding with on beard man 
bearded bus rides a man 
staring . beard the sitting man the with is forward a in bus 
hockey boys two a . pond frozen play on 
on ice hockey . children two outside ground are frozen playing 
kids a snow game in sticks play . the with together two 
the . snow hockey kids two in play 
. hockey kids play a on pond two 
vest wearing the is in orange canoeing blue a . water a man 
has a while boat another a . water the into paddles person fallen 
kayaks another person <unk> boat one . as their <unk> 
one two kayakers in and . one water paddling the ; 
the in middle canoes small . the two water are of out 
wearing jacket an tinkerbell lady a . older 
woman jacked tinkerbell a water is a near standing on wearing . with it pink 
a a pink a wearing . leans railing against tinkerbell jacket woman 
pink leans sweatshirt on railing . wearing tinkerbell water overlooking woman a a a 
tinkerbell the jacket stands pink lady water . to railing a and at next in the out looks 
holds . in his yellow to red and mouth a something clown dressed 
and man a red yellow . wearing black and yellow clown is nose shirt a and has makeup on a face with hair 
on a as he glasses person at the his wearing <unk> head makeup camera looks . is and 
wearing a the a person camera . gun at points makeup clown fake 
is person dressed a with clown hair like black a . 
against in man a a column sleeping <unk> hat is a . 
column a cement man . a sits on 
his outdoors of some . with belongings sits a man 
against hats . a sitting a pillar selling man 
hat man pillar edge wearing on is sitting . there of a a an concrete old the 
down a dog brown <unk> dog wearing big collar chain has . grey smaller a a 
dog on top stands dog of a brown on black . the grass a 
and tussle dog . brown black on grass 
the in playfully <unk> . german <unk> the the grass shepherd 
wrestling are a dogs . two grassy field in 
down two plates . standing on large with group holding boys of <unk> people walkway , setting up a 
going sitting and people or many . are observing into water a <unk> 
near or sit many space the people . stand <unk> the around fountain 
, . to people a sit hair fountain with by a hat in guy purple guy a a talks 
two one men purple seattle crowded , , space <unk> hair with . at fountain near 
mountain climbing . a man a 
. a a man climbs mountain 
is side climbing a the a mountain . of man 
mountain shirtless . man up steep a a climbs 
mountain a rope climbing is a . white young a as a man guide with 
a jumps in frame yellow . onto out something jacket life of boy , a 
. a the in air boy a suspended vest wearing life 
, jacket yellow child , was . air a and a the into black white <unk> by red and wearing something life big 
off being is vest a something with a of . <unk> child <unk> 
. kid in vest in up air the the life the jumps 
is in grassy playing a brown dog outside area a . 
a field . grassy wearing harness blue dog brown jumps over a the 
a over with bandanna blue is a . grass brown jumping dog 
a the . is in dog grass jumping 
dog the a through grass runs . 
a brightly onstage stands a woman costume colored wearing . 
a stage on competing of feather dressed . women in <unk> sort brightly wearing headed , some 
women outdoors perform costumed . 
a building city dressed costumes several . hall women in near colorful 
stand costume . on women stage a in 
beach white a dog . rocky a running on is 
along a beach white dog runs the 
a dog white a beach . on runs 
dog beach . on walking white the a 
dog white the running along the is . beach 
pink a . walking towards dresses of a group woman a <unk> crosswalk across in 
. dresses women pink across in of a , walking street a group 
toward a ship pink <unk> in girls walk dresses 
bright in crossing are ladies the road . dresses 
. down pink several walking other the in dressed woman and street people <unk> 
type pulling of are and on some girls a item bag two in . of girls <unk> a group 
people <unk> on woman of . two hanging shoulder <unk> knit a the a finger a 's , in crowd other 
. are the <unk> girls 
two coat on pull . another women 
of 's women woman another plaid on bag <unk> . strings pull 
climber rocks he hangs a the a another and . by from rock against is <unk> rope as sky 
from person down he large climbs safety . a hangs cliff a as a rope 
face a attached down . rope <unk> a person rock to a is 
. person cliff a jumping on rope a a down 
down cliff . man repels of the a the side 
a adult 's . an holding while hand child walks 
hand as holds they child a walk man a . 's 
walks a boy <unk> out 's a who like little looks with <unk> a he pulling woman 
walks the as of back has his hand in boy his he a pants young . 
man walking . is a child outside young with the 
upside lake boy . at midair a a near down in sunset is 
flip by <unk> and a a a . person two lake does 
person down a flipping upside 
in doing person a midair back flip . a 
is a a sails person . flip doing him near in a with lake midair behind 
is catch hind trying a and on its standing black brown to legs . dog something 
a up is legs dog on jumping open its mouth hind . with 
on a grass dog . the plays 
playing the water with . german grass shepherd a in 
shepherd water german up of at standing <unk> droplets 
in playing a boy a near swimsuit black the water . 
a suit in water his . boy is splashing bathing 
. water in boy shorts a shirtless splashes little 
in spray black in boy of playing trunks water swim . 
the young . a boy of at pool edge water splashes 
person in huge lone a climbing a a rock harness . 
in a a sheer . shirt a red man over tops tree face climbs the cliff 
trees shirt is . climbing many red over man a in a rock 
a man red in clings . a sheer to cliff face 
the man of side shirt a mountain in climbing is red . the the 
. playing on are three rails children the the 
children three a fence climb <unk> on . 
climb . on fence stand children a and three 
on some bars three kids . play 
a young a rail on playing two boys young . girl and <unk> 
a and black . plane a dog is ball chasing white on open an 
black running white grassy dog is . and a through area a 
runs yellow black grass of field dog . and a , white on a dry 
a is a towards running . dog ball 
. runs dog a a a field through ball chasing 
a . another child pulls small a wagon in 
in hat and another wearing red red paints and red toddler jacket green a toddler a wagon . in and jeans a jacket a pulling 
to a in dirty toddler pull a jeans a younger wagon . in <unk> child 
in <unk> wearing another a hat boy wagon <unk> young boy . pulls a silly a 
. another along , sand sitting in red the child a , pulls one wagon 
in underwater a a swimming toy hand is holding his boy . 
swimming underwater a . in toy his little a with hand boy 
swims boy a underwater little . 
underwater boy a in plastic <unk> a , pool a . holding little 
. child with in his toy a hand swimming underwater 
. a climbing a man mountain 
rock a is climbing large a up man very . 
hanging person a from cliff rocky . a 
background . rock , a a in the mountain climbing person red in 
red to . person face wearing clings a rock a 
is boat a , in on mountains water . with the background the 
boat . on a water the 
sitting the lone water in a boat . 
on a the . <unk> mountains with white water background in boat 
is with the a in water boat mountains background this on the . 
leads the way . girl a black race a in in clothes 
. racing street on marathon other city are people a around runners standing with , 
down race a runners in street a busy run 
are the street runners . <unk> who down competing 
street athletic going . two a <unk> runners down women in shorts city and 
the standing baseball a player field on 
stands and . baseball faces crowd player a the 
number a shirt . <unk> player a wearing baseball <unk> at looks the 
. uniform of male large <unk> white crowd in and a a wearing playing a front blue 
stadium baseball player into a out looking crowd 
girl a as pipe hose over blue watches leaping . a little a is boy 
while . sister a leaping around a his plays hose is boy 
front . girl a young young boy a house a jumping in and of 
playing a . garden yard in are of tube children front around in a and the house 
playing blue above children hose . a two water 
brown and is on black dog a dog . a by <unk> a leash black and white 
follows a another . sidewalk a the leash on walks on dog while dog 
on a dog being a another leash animal . small by <unk> is 
. dog brown sniffing and a leash dog white is of on butt black the the that the is 
street and one two <unk> one black-and-white small . down , dogs the , walk 
red a . climbing boy wearing a tree <unk> 
. in is wearing climbing red shoes a boy a tree 
red wearing shoes a child a climbing tree . 
small a wearing shoes in child is red tree a . 
tree sandals . wearing young <unk> , red <unk> with green leaves a boy a climbs 
a a sits . on girl swing 
girl a an holds and looks shirt . onto down wearing orange poles 
a sweater of little orange focus an . soft a picture girl wearing 
girl and brown striped . a stick hair young a red black holding long with 
smiles the the shirt in swing on . the red girl 
toy while her a . young twin pushing on sister one girl looks 
playing toy children wearing . clothes pink with two a bright <unk> are 
<unk> a . is playing one dressed with are of them two the toy same and girls 
has a happy , against face has other little sad girls one . two wall a the a face girl girl and stand 
the twin a girls toy two driveway with in playing 
water a drinks brown . a from bottle dog 
dog tan spout a a from <unk> . has water drink from a being 
a water lab drinks . yellow 
. bottle a from is drinking the dog yellow water 
. drinking <unk> yellow from water labrador a 
outside in two are a front the . lake on girls sitting of ground 
river girls beside a tree a under two sit 
two . a of edge sit on the girls river 
beside a . the girls near two sitting tree water 
a edge under sit water the by . 's tree girls two 
of water the a dog leaps out . 
a some a lake dog small jumping threw 
water into a dog . tan jumps 
. water splashing the dog a is through white 
jumping of in water lake dog out a . 
skyline man . walking is in by of front trees a city the 
man a an tree <unk> walking trunk to next large 
big , next . to man trees walking old tall an is 
light walking city . a is in past trees shirt a large overlooking several someone 
the . trees walks the large man among 
playing with is . tennis a beagle a ball 
ball a puppy playing is tennis a dog with . 
<unk> ball path on with playing . puppy is a a bushes tennis a lined with <unk> 
a with path puppy ball plays stone tennis . a on a 
with a ball tennis . a plays beagle <unk> path on garden a 
a <unk> enjoys in a a man . white while looks shirt black in shirt woman snack a a 
a stands paper eating him woman is behind a man . a while cone from 
in of a while is woman . eating standing something front a man 
him and french one standing is behind man <unk> woman eating dark-skinned is blond 
to the and man purple looking her white <unk> eating behind is a has the shirts his on him woman face while white right and <unk> look . 
on a a in pets man at the dog chest a park . 
dog . man a petting a 
young scratches a neck man . dog a the of 
outside young a a dog with man sits . 
a petting and dog sitting man young his 
fishing boy . holding rod a a 
. a fishes young boy 
fishing pole has . hat with a a young hand boy in a on 
a fishes <unk> young . 
wearing pole fishing holding is . child a a the cap 
sitting bed a on a . white baby top a is in 
<unk> a <unk> " a baby bed " wearing . shirt <unk> on a 
looking is cute the very boy happy baby on sitting a bed . 
a on sits baby small a bed and smiles . 
on bed sitting small boy blue . shorts wearing 
<unk> the prepares blonde his standing a fisherman in water . 
fisherman at <unk> his a jumpsuit in a wearing something hand looks . 
<unk> line a man . a 
a fishing in man in water . overalls the 
in small while looking the something . his in hands at stands fisherman water 
following . path skier a cross-country a 
. a through cross-country woods the going skier 
the skiing snow is cross-country person . through a 
. a himself in by the is woods skier 
walks skier snow through . lone the 
a a cliff woman climbs up 
far a a climber above . woman cliff scales <unk> rock 
woman a cliff <unk> . a on 
a rural . a area in woman <unk> 
a area cliff climbing rural woman in a 
fancy of are big ball , building playing in kids a front 
three building boys . wall of play a a outside <unk> along 
green ball a three kids on with wall . a play 
a child a building plays with on climbing . the white whilst one of green children ball are wall two 
railing play while a third green children a catches on two . stone ball a 
pulling buggy a in while a a child skates lady ice . 
in wagon a daughter plain pulls a snowy her . a mother over 
it pulling girl a woman frozen a in across with wagon lake a a 
the in ice the girl skating cart a . toddler pulls a while on 
girl across the is the woman little ice ice cart . and the pulling the in skating 
a sitting and fur lined a . bearded hat is wearing on a jacket bench man 
hat man . a bearded coat animal and with <unk> 
hat <unk> <unk> a and vest man <unk> , . wearing fur coat a , <unk> 
man sitting a animal bench on . green wearing <unk> 
with . long sits beard hat a and wearing a outside the , man , moustache 
group boys soccer another a down of rock from . the a grass play looks on while 
of group front soccer young boys a a of playing are small in hill 
field in children soccer a play . 
in . grass boys the eight playing soccer 
soccer playing in <unk> field are . front a dressed in of rocky building a children 
boy dog are and . another on away a watching dock dog a a swim 
a another and stand watching boy on dog dock a a . dog 
in watching another water on swim a dock a . boy and dog a stand the dog large 
boy his the are a an and object . dog water in watching 
and another shirt dog white a a dog in in black water looking at a the boy 
sunshade under on . beach a girl bright a the sits pink 
a . umbrella on is a under person beach the sitting purple 
a the beach in bathing on under to next sitting . a ocean woman the a purple umbrella is suit black 
swimsuit beach the in woman . at black a sits a a <unk> umbrella under 
the woman . under lawn sitting a on beach umbrella pink 
swimsuits water girls jumping in into behind from 
. the five camera to suits bathing women their backs the of girls with a into jumps and group in water 
five back , the swimsuits from seen are . jumping into girls the in water , 
swimsuits , into leaping in hands and girls . holding water 
girls the jump into the . swimsuits five water wearing 
man pool child looks a . on a into jumps a as 
into on girl jumping with a pool . <unk> is a 
arm orange floats jumping into wearing girl pool . a a little 
girl jumping is <unk> inflatable a with the pool little into 
with leaps girl into wings a young water a pool crowded 
water brown off stick , dog a muzzle a water its to . a a next body in with mouth of shaking with black 
out mouth item is with an . in a collar red dog a black his a has pool and of climbing 
of in stick a dog pool a mouth brown a . out his climbing with 
stick mouth climbs a the with dog its . out of a in water 
climbing stick dog the with a out the of . water is 
a the . is man two near ground bank asleep on machines 
. a a is atm <unk> another money is man different man from atm while an near <unk> 
in . machine man sits while of uses another machine an a man the front atm 
man on a sidewalk with jacket on shoulders two . his near a atm lying <unk> the machines 
man sleeps atm while using ground , the an on a is him . a to next machine there man 
onto . man the a rock face <unk> 
man red . climb to a in rock a attempts shirt a 
rock , . climbs man a large a wearing red 
shirt in climbing red cliff man rock 
without . rope climber rock a 
boy jumps pool a the into . 
somersault the a another pool watches adult on child an looks while into child . 
into . a the a pool little throwing boy woman 
tossing into is . woman blue child pool a a young in 
watches little . into boy another throws boy woman as pool 
. a landscape mountain 
a with sky photo blue a is complete mountainous . 
mountain snowy . a range 
rocky . mountains 
snow covered peaks . 
a bus group people conversing of to next a four 
. a bus in four taking people front of 
bus to . and next talking a four standing and laughing teenagers 
. the by are two bus chatting couples the 
girls two two in talking . bus and the a are to other background with each guys 
walking is a beach the beagle . on at shoreline the dog 
the beach waves . to walking a next beagle on some 
a . walks shore along calm the beagle 
beagle is along a on shoreline walking the beach the 
the at the the . is beagle walking <unk> on beach 
female tank drinking top pink . a in a beer 
tank across woman . pink a has , dark shoulder her bag a in a top 
tank pink drinking plastic . in glass a out a woman of top a 
mug in beer a plastic pink a . tank a top holds woman 
a of wearing a mug liquid woman top tank holding pink a 
. hill <unk> a a shirt yellow is runner in a 
and green shoe white one runs shoe uphill one with a . runner 
a in watched race is by runner . onlookers a single 
highway sneakers man wearing . down runs green 
yellow has runner just and the it up hill in the made . red 
. yellow a and boy a 's male licks in <unk> <unk> older face covered that an 's blue 
yellow licking child brightly in a cheek a food shirt off is mans of colored . a 
is 's young face blue and a off <unk> a yellow licking young man . boy 
colored young a licking off man is young face boy . a <unk> 's 
. on someone a paint the yellow blue his face of face with man and licks 
a up hill a is side . guy a bike the of riding 
young man a . and mountains clear a towards bicycles away camera the on beautiful day from 
in bike on man mountains 
. down a narrow man riding bicycle path a 
man riding on trail bike 
with <unk> large a mountains the of a by stone . sit background men in couple 
near range rest a men . two mountain 
covered among peaks snow a . two men monument stone sit against 
at two . sit <unk> in men stone mountains a the 
a two men stone . sitting to tall next 
two snow bicycles countryside men outside in . there covered the are riding 
and . road their are bikes side of men the snowy the two a on 
two on on of <unk> country the a road men bicycles side in the 
men two with on snow-covered stop a their . hill bicycles 
road a a two riding break snowy men . taking from on bikes their 
bikes a the mountains biker in . 
mountain a bicyclist on male road a . 
biking front mountains . of a man in 
man rough biking really down is a . terrain 
<unk> on high the . bicycle in mountains man 
man a to bike a <unk> . on a river 
a the bicycle . man lake rocky a in a mountains rides a on path beside 
along on a man trail bicycle . large rides a rocky river a a 
a stands bike man trail . <unk> on by lake a a rocky a 
. hill on the the sitting bike is man gravel on a 
in brown dog each grass . other black a run dog into and the a 
a . the dog a of is black brown collar dog grabbing 
dog light a is playing black dark . a in dog a backyard brown with 
. a in wrestling two are field dogs 
the . wrestling are dogs two in park 
over dry hiker a . and wood a bridge navigates rope a large <unk> 
a bag shoulder a wooden is <unk> <unk> walking across person a bridge with . 
wooden link a bridge woman wire crossing a 
between old across <unk> walking woman a bridge . an rope mountains and 
. on walking the is bridge a woman narrow <unk> 
a cover large . tent green a at a with <unk> 
. a in <unk> tent a a campsite forest and 
tent big picture a a campsite . of with green 
tent a woods of green the on in <unk> . sunlight <unk> down 
sun onto woods through trees in is the the a tent <unk> . the green 
area . running playing child a water along the is in a grassy muddy 
a sitting in little on wet path boy covered a is mud . 
sits a with . gets and covered in mud mud boy small puddle a 
. blond young boy a playing the mud very dirty in 
kid little sits in the muddy down the water . 
a in boy costume <unk> in girl and a in a . tutu a a 
pink spider-man tutu in little for gets a , ballet . shirt a dancing a in boy a girl ready behind 
background dancing a tutu pink boy another a young the young girl with . wearing in 
a dances wearing . large young room a girl in tutu a 
costume a studio dance in children in are two . 
cart inside a behind a shopping pushing kid market is an <unk> adult . a 
little a hanging behind man is a . cart boy to following on shopping a 
wearing a a grey shirt . white small a pushes cart boy shopping 
young the boy attempts cart shopping <unk> for man to push . a a 
store the . is young the pushing boy cart the inside 
a two a , chased . ball <unk> is men by man inflatable than in orange shirts giant , 
giant the a ball with are on men hill . a white 
are large push two to ball inflatable golf very trying this men 
ball men a roll two huge . 
set orange bubble workers two up and in black 
a outdoors to trying baby red toy a large is eat plastic . 
a a red toy infant on blonde . chewing 
plastic a placing . edge the toddler a of his red mouth blonde on toy 
. in grass a the a toy child plays with 
with a mouth a on red plastic toy child his . 
a trunks is jumping in man swim . <unk> a red onto 
flies through with man the air boogie in a trunks a . board red 
a that man water a diving not is is with over <unk> surface . a 
. man shirtless a <unk> 
wakeboard diving is onto . his man 
of shirt closeup baby blue wearing holding a man a a a . 
baby shirt and pink holds man blue cheeks a with chubby . a 
man baby black a in . a holds 
dad girl coming <unk> the others game <unk> play watching <unk> to with <unk> . , baby arcade the his enjoys him his <unk> 
the game a carnival a holding baby is . near man 
jumps pond a into the . dog 
. near water a <unk> a into leaping dog the 
. a into the of water dog jumping light boat off back colored the a 
water boat into of off . tan a a the dog jumping 
. into yellow water off dog a jumping the the of is ship 
off jumping of a dock his friend a watches while boy 
two are . wooden river and boys a platform jumping a climbing into 
off jumping water into the two the . boys pier 
two located pier a large body boys off . of on water a to jump preparing 
jump the children off lake dock into the two . 
near snow dog is a brown leafless running over . trees 
brown a dog runs across a snowy . field 
dog is snow through . the a running 
runs through . the a dog snow 
medium wooded a white through open an area brown . dog sized running is 
hikers scenery and . fast a over moving rocky a cross stream bridge 
long with crossing river a . bridge people a a canyon over 
rope a walk rocky over bridge a across stream . people 
some and a wood bridge hikers over wire river are a crossing . 
a people are river looking and across wood rope . bridge over three a 
some of mountains . the walking at foot a a path along hiker snowcapped is 
walks mountains near . a man 
man a poles of ski . mountain in with front a stands 
walking the . the is person in mountains 
looking the at skier the mountains snowcapped is . 
balcony on a gather a of group . people 
in a very people setting group modern of on standing a . a balcony 
balcony of a small a large building of group a people standing on 
balcony on a of group a stand people . 
in . four an people elevator outdoor ride 
. dress a in landscape <unk> standing men two in barren 
the at men vehicle two to next . <unk> passing desert in in a stand car and wave 
men in . through jeep the an at two wave sand robes traveling approaching 
dress standing a the two traditional at an suv <unk> desert in wave car men in . near 
a . in coverings with two people head field sandy stand 
and all down , the black others and as street walks , , . in white carrying umbrella watch an girl a 
black girl a white hat a middle and top in of her . makeup <unk> a with in dressed in with street the black white and umbrella hand stands 
an wearing the dancing performer <unk> outfit streets a in 
in with a white dressed parade head black a in a shaved and woman 
the and is a in black street carrying costume a the and wearing white . umbrella white is lady 
kiddie lady kid pool a a the little in splashes watches . around while 
in child is <unk> a small pool who woman water on a a 
. water over pool is throwing woman of paddling bucket the a a a in baby 
plastic a a swimming on child area . rural a woman water in in is a pool throwing 
pool a into adult water child wading . slides bucket tosses while of a of water full i on an them 
raising mouth a paws open its an towards cat <unk> dog a with 
a doberman dog at <unk> a cat 
dog on a . and fighting a chair are cat 
multicolor a collar a in dog with a red fighting . and brown cat black 
. and brown fighting dog black cat the and the yellow black are and 
plastic pool child setting . away adult a rural a on running an a from is and 
pool standing woman is paddling a child running a a . by away from 
a playing while a child camcorder with water a with a <unk> hose woman 
are . outside a kiddie woman son playing and by her pool a 
woman play small a . pool a a near watches child 
boy tiger petting a a blond 
a tiger a pets boy sleeping . 
sleeps a a another tiger while behind him sleeping tiger pets boy . 
boy blonde resting is . a a little tiger petting 
down tiger boy is laying a a is . petting little that 
up mountain mountain climbing a icy an man . 
face an climber rock . an ice is covered ascending 
climbs . in and ice covered a cliff in snow person face orange sheer a 
snow in person is climbing a jacket covered yellow rocks . up 
a mountainside a there climber . is scaling snowy 
a girl on rock woman desert and . sit little a 
are . older and formation person rock the near a of girl young top a sitting 
a sit girls two on . large rock 
formation rock two are on . a sitting people huge 
two unusual rock distance sit an . on formation in people the 
cart being two by men horses the pulled rain in a <unk> . 
carriage a a driven through running <unk> . horse 
cart the and . people horses through carry rain white black with a 
. open horse enjoy rain a the <unk> in people carriage 
dog carriage . horses people , the rain a and through the holding the , pull 
a a in brown through a field shirt runs . dog pink 
pink with running a a through dog hairy field a shirt 
running long-haired vest a and wearing a dog pink 
pink grass runs brown sweater a on yellow dog . in 
with field pink in running jacket dog 
child swims . a blonde 
open water in is swimming boy . a 
child the from <unk> a water . 
water comes up the a . kid from 
. from up comes underwater child the small 
arm amusement an two . arm past walking in are arcade girls 
are away under girls a . from two walkway camera walking the 
walk towards signs <unk> two shorts in . girls 
mall . two teenage <unk> walking a girls down 
on walk women . the sidewalk two 
children . wooden table six a sit group a of at 
picture . a pose children a of at for a asian group young table 
children a at . , with table hair , sit six picture a for black all 
six children at . table a 
small desk a . six at children sitting 
brown through two . white and ears look lift and fence dogs a their 
little dogs cage . two looking of their out 
a cage two in are outside . small dogs 
two dogs in small cage . a 
. a white brown against fence up and two dogs 
slide goes boy a . inflatable an down 
down an in a boy . red inflatable ride slides 
in boy a a shirt red is down sliding . 
a going an down child . inflatable slide 
young camera looking off an . sliding boy inflatable a down is , 
black white through white one dog a and chasing brown and grass the dog 
through . running the the are two dogs grass 
through grass the running <unk> <unk> two . 
a yard are running dogs green through two 
house are and dogs a grass running two through the . near trees 
a pool a children by girl surrounded other wearing in goggles and 
other children green goggles with . in pool a a girl three in 
other green making and neon playing red girl a the and haired a floaties peace . in wearing kids sign with glasses pool is 
a pool the girl offers floaties peace as . with she red-headed in sign swims the 
for pool camera a with goggles young in floaties as she girl . the plays poses a and 
. <unk> a mouth in a black has dog his 
in a blue the person . a dog has at wearing his mouth <unk> black looking 
dog holding in its black stands . person a a <unk> a mouth next to 
holds its white mouth in <unk> small a dog black a . 
the nearby its and . mouth person dog a in a stands toy black has 
does sidewalk a man the on on wheelie bicycle his . a 
is man wheelie a a on a bike . mountain doing 
man wheel the bicycle is on back . a a only on 
a . is hat popping man wheelie in bike on orange his asian 
bicycle on man riding one a wheel only . on 
. around snowy <unk> sitting a group is a 
mountain a group people a sit snowy . of atop 
people snow a a mountain scene the in sit overlooking group . of 
. sled getting ready children to five 
together in five the sitting . snow are people 
on in a waves <unk> beach while a grey roll . bird stands 
stands the large on a in beach . the water bird 
standing bird ocean sand on is the beside tall . the a 
. the standing bird 's edge ocean at water a 
ocean tall out the stands it as white upon crane looks a . 
a . golden person stands near walls 
wall <unk> woman writing a behind a is 
near standing woman . writes a decorated wall a 
and are the in <unk> gold . walls covered 
woman decorated a pad writing , room gold with . on in walls 
face a rock a man in climbs shirt pink a 
the . air in man rock climbing a high is 
rock in covered <unk> handles red a up in climbing face person . a a shirt 
. red climber shirt rock a a in 
wall on . a rock practices climber rock climbing a 
